Tel  :  +852 9060-8866 Email  :  LIUKAMAY@GMAIL.COM Address  :  Flat 1015.
To obtain Personal Assistant / Secretary which is a strong dedication to the guest satisfaction and an excellent communication skills and professionalism can be fully utilized.
ECrent Worldwide Company Limited ( Hong Kong Listed Co. 1178).
Title : Personal Assistant to Chairman (Company Size : Below 50).
Intensive travel arrangement : Scheduling, itinerary and accommodations.  - 6 House maids, 2 drivers & 1 vessel captain contract renewal and expenses claims - 10 cars, 2 vessels, 6 properties maintenance with license renewal and leasing.
House renovations & house building arrangement with workers.
Presentation kits preparation with meeting arrangement, client meetings (Successful case : rental powerbank project with 7-Eleven, Sino hotel groups) - Online & offline Marketing : social media platform, poster etc.
PR management with media exposure for interview, news clipping, etc.
To maintain record and apply for companies BR, CI, COI, Incumbency and renewal.
Responsible for full set up new companies : HK & offshore companies with all documents.
Preparation of Bought & sold note, instruments of transfer, Annual Return (NAR) - Bank account opening, stock account opening.
Office relocations : property searching, renovations, logistics arrangement.
Administrative work : delegate work for junior staffs and OA for office operations.
Convoy Financial Services Ltd. ( HK Listed Investment Financial Agency No.1019).
Title: Personal Assistant to Deputy Director (Team Size : 700 ppl).
Daily Email correspondence with clients, both internal and external parties - Preparation of Agenda, minutes and powerpoint presentation.
Intensive arrangement in travel schedule, itinerary, and accommodations.
Coordinate and organize all training, marketing events, bonding programs.
Preparation in materials – creating booklet, poster, brochures.
The Prudential Assurance Co. Ltd. (Listed Insurance company).
HR Duties : Responsible for preparation of salary slips and MPF for teammates. - Develop and maintain relationship with new and existing clients for inquiries and logistic - Coordinates and preparation of all marketing events.
Rishi Limited ( US Fabric cutting and men’s shirting company).
Provide Personal & administration support to office operation.
Screen Email on behalf of director and help marking schedule for meetings.
Responsible for contacting factory and shipping I/E documents.
Darvick Enterprises Limited (Fashion Design exporting company).
Occasionally travel to China for training junior draftsman / designer.
Design infant wear, men’s wear, women’s wear and toddler wear for exporting.
Hong Kong Certificate Of Education Examination (HKCEE) [2000].
Drafting Software : Illustrator, Photoshop, Prima Vision, Modaris.Turiya Advisors Limited (Office Manager & Executive Assistant to COO office).
co-ordinate with office Compliance, IT and Bloomberg matter.
supervising and monitoring the work of administrative staff.
implementing and maintaining procedures / office administrative systems.
maintains office serviced by organizing office operations and procedures; controlling correspondence; designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions; assigning and monitoring clerical functions.
defining procedures for retention, protection, retrieval, transfer and disposal of records.
maintain office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems, layouts and equipment procurement.
performs assistant activities for executive management, Chief Operating Officer, Deputy Chief Operating Officer and General Consul.
acting as a first point of contact dealing with correspondence and phone calls.
managing diaries and organizing meetings and appointments.
booking and arranging travel, transport and accommodation.
reminding the supervisors of important tasks and deadlines.
to provide an efficient and responsive administrative, organization, and logistical service;.
providing full secretarial assistance to the management team during absences to ensure a high level of service is maintained;.
initiative to resolve issues quickly in an appropriate manner;.
ensure busy diary commitments is managed effectively and troubleshooting problem;.
organizing travel and preparing complex travel itineraries;.
conduct weekly diary meetings with the Director to discuss upcoming engagements, invitations and other requests;.
schedule on behalf of the Director meeting between him and company clients and his direct reports and the committees and groups to which he is a member;.
coordinate travel and accommodation requirements in connection with others and ensure arrangements in place to match the requirement;.
filter general information, queries, phone calls and invitations by redirecting or taking forward such contact as appropriate;.
ensure the Director is fully briefed on, or prepared for, any engagements he is involved in;.
ensure guests meeting with the Director are well taken care of;.
provide a service that is in line with the Director’s work habits and preferences;.
to deal with and solve personal related matters request by Director.
Corporate Administrative Dept. / Executive Assistant to Senior Management.
works closely and to help managers to make the best use of their time by dealing with secretarial and administrative tasks;.
screening telephone calls, enquiries and requests, and handling them when appropriate;.
organizing and maintaining diaries and making appointments;.
carrying out background research and presenting findings into subjects the manager is dealing with;.
organizing meeting and ensuring the manager is well-prepared for meeting;.
standing in for the manager and making decisions and delegation work to others in their absence;.
devising and maintaining office systems to deal efficiently with work flow;.
organizing and storing paperwork, documents and computing-based information;.
organizing and planning of new office set up and renovation;.
looking for apartment and school for expatriate and family members;.
dealing with accounting payable matters with accounting department;.
handling commercial clients to provide travel information and arrange local and international hotel booking.
Hantec Investment Holdings Limited / HK Stock Exchange Listed Company (#0111).
to support securities and foreign exchange dealing enquiries of E-trading system.
administrative and Secretarial duties (from June 1998 – January 2002).
organizing and planning of office move & 6 new branches set up with renovation.
Smith Barney (HK) Limited / US Investment House (Administrative Secretary).
Administrative and secretarial support to FX Dealing team and Credit Analysis team.
report to multi-nationality boss (such as American, , , Germany & PRC);.
mature, proactive, well organized, self-starter, strong sense of responsibility;.
resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully;.
flexibility and adaptability to juggle a range of different tasks and to work extra hours to meet deadlines;.
understanding of confidentiality issues and the use of discretion;.
able to work independently, strong commercial sense and analytical mine.Name of School: HKU Space (HKU School of Professional and Continuing Education).
Name of School: The Hong Kong Federation Of Trade Unions Spare Time Study Centre.
Qualifications Obtain: Certification of Comprehensive Pitman Shorthand.
Qualifications Obtain: Associate Diploma in Secretarial Studies.
Reason of leaving: Direct boss has left the firm due to restructuring.
Company nature: Intellectual Property consultancy firm (Trademark agent).
Participate in all kind of project management which involves business correspondence drafting, resources planning, team leadership, time & cost estimating, etc.
Translation (from Chinese to English and from English to Chinese) in all kind of document.
Period: Sep 2016 - Mar 2017 **was in the U.S.A. for personal matters**.
Provide secretarial and admin support to the Regional Head of Asia.
Co-ordinate and set up meetings/video conferences among the office in U.K., U.S.A. (both New York and San Francisco) and Hong Kong in different time zones.
Help generating and editing Powerpoint presentation and pitch books for client meetings.
Take care of the travel arrangement and the expense claims for the entire HK office.
HR duties like maintaining staff remuneration record, leave record as well as visa arrangement.
Liaise with the payroll and MPF provider in order to make sure everything is on the right track and everyone get paid on time.
Liaise with the external Compliance Officer on regular basis to make sure our transactions are all compliant with SFC.
Job Title: Executive Assistant, Legal Department – North Asia.
Provide secretarial and clerical support to the senior executives in the team which include 1 Head of Legal and 3 Legal Managers.
Arrange regular and irregular meetings/seminar/workshop throughout the year for the Senior Executives.
Organize legal training and workshop for various in-house departments from time to time (event management).
Take care of the travel arrangement and the expense claims for the entire team.
Job Title: Personal Assistant and Legal Secretary to Barrister (British).
Provide first class and strictly confidential secretarial and administrative support to the boss.
Help preparing and amending legal documents in tight deadlines.
To set up meetings/conference calls/video conferences among various countries with different time zones.
Take part in different kind of ad-hoc projects which ever assigned by the boss.
Manage all of the bank accounts for the boss, keep track of all of the incoming and outgoing transaction and liaise with the accountants in both UK and HK in order to prepare the year-end financial reports.
Managing office of the boss to ensure everything is in good shape.
To liaise with the house maids, driver and boat boys on very frequently basis.
To negotiate with different parties in relation to all of the properties in both HK and the UK, cars and yachts (about the operating licenses, insurance, maintenance and etc.).
Name of Company: Black Swan Capital (International) Limited.
Provide first class and strictly confidential secretarial support to 2 expatriate bosses, the CEO & Chief Investment Officer.
Managing office of the CEO to ensure everything is on the right track.
Set up meetings/conference calls/video conferences among various countries with different time zones.
Take care of the travel arrangement and travel expenses claim for the bosses as well as the other potential investors from foreign countries.
Take part in different kind of ad-hoc projects which ever assigned by The Board.
Serve as a mentor to the rest of the admin team to ensure everything is running smooth daily.
Help planning and organizing internal company events like X’mas party, company outing as well as the other external events like seminars/conferences.
HR duties like maintaining staff remuneration record, leave record, visa arrangement, MPF Arrangement & Payroll calculation.
Staff medical, employee compensation insurance arrangement.
In charge all of the administrative duties like office equipments to ensure everything’s running smoothly.
Provide secretarial support to a team of 8 analysts + 1 Financial Controller (all expatriates).
Handle bulky travel itineraries for the analysts which includes flight/hotel/.
transportation booking, visa application, interpreter arrangement.
Set up meetings/conference calls/video conferences among various countries.
Serve as a mentor to the accounting assistant to make sure the book-keeping record is always on the right tract.
Serve as a mentor to the rest of the admin team to ensure everything is running smooth daily.
Help planning and organizing company events like Christmas Party, Annual Dinner, company outing, etc.
Take part in the ad-hoc projects whichever assigned by the boss.
Name of Company: NICI China Hong Kong Limited / NICI Asia Limited.
Company Nature: German buying office – Sundries like bags, polyresin items, stationeries, plush items (Multi-national Company).
4) Provide support to Managing Director, Finance & Administrative Manager, Sales.
5) Well prepare everything for the boss and other management executives before.
their business trip like get ready for the itinerary, air-ticket and accommodation.
6) Take part in all of the administrative duties like staff medical insurance.
arrangement, MPF arrangement & stationeries control in the office and report to.
7) Responsible for the host of the ad hoc committee for special function, such as.
Christmas function, Annual Dinner and Awarding Ceremony and act as the Master of Ceremony (M.C.).
8) Handle daily incoming enquiries which are from our suppliers and head office.
9) Monitor and distribute the work to the office assistants to ensure the daily.Managerial position in marketing and sales within Malaysian and Outsider Petroleum Company.
* Administrator with more than 6 years of experience in admin.
* Comprehensive knowledge of import/export regulations and documentation.
* Experienced dealing with teachers and school administration for members Yayasan Guru Malaysia Berhad (YGMB).
Personal Assistant & Admin cum Account Executive at Tegap Simbol Sdn Bhd (Previous).
Review and implement Company Quality System and provide recommendation to the management.
Prepare all documentation for delivery, invoicing and clearance for custom purpose.
Deal some project for oil and gas instrument with client and supplier.
Provide Technical support document in the project engineering and procurement activities.
Ensure compliance to the contract obligation, specification, codes & regulation.
Lead the preparation of documentation; coordinate with client, and commissioning activities for all equipment/piping/electrical and instruments packages.
Preparing, delivery orders, invoices and purchase orders.
Do the marketing for the company and deal tender project with PETRONAS, TALISMAN, EXXONMOBIL, SHELL and etc.
Do the event management like conduct program family day, motivation, team building and atc.
Responsibility for the sales process from initial point of contact (lead generation), proposals, through contract negotiations and execution. Meet/exceed minimum quarterly and annual salesobjectives.
Work closely with the operational and tele-services teams, utilize relationships to ensure that product implementation schedules are met.
Facilitate strategic partners' resources to assist in the sales process.
* Experience in selling products/services in Life and Ganeral Insurance field.
42 Jalan Malinja 1, Taman Bunga Raya, Wilayah Persekutuan, 53000,.Detail-oriented Executive Assistant adept at coordinating international travel, scheduling meetings, managing complex calendars, preparing various reports and efficiently handle all-rounded office administrative work. Highly self-motivated and skilled at prioritizing tasks. Employs professionalism and superior communication skills to reach company/ executives’ goals.
Full spectrum of secretarial support to CFO & 4 Company Partners.
Coordinate intensive travel arrangement, meetings appointment, calendar management, setup video/ conference calls, arranging internal/ external meeting facilities & refreshment, reconcile expense reimbursement, handling business correspondence.
Manage personal matters e.g. visa application, family travel ticket & accommodation booking.
All-rounded office administrative tasks, included procurement, reviewing vendors contract, managing 1 tea lady and 1 IT staff, monitoring monthly office payment, renovation, maintaining updated filing system, courier delivery, pest control, carpet cleaning.
Responsible for Investors Relation work, e.g. communicating with investors about share distribution & capital call, tracing necessary tax & compliance documents.
Finance & HR support, e.g. frequent financial data entry, updating finance database, monthly annual leave report, reviewing medical insurance.
Coordinate travel arrangement, meetings appointment, daily calendar management, expense reimbursement, taking minutes, drafting and translating documents, letters and reports.
Manage personal matters e.g. visa application, family travel ticket & accommodation booking, preparing family travel itinerary, home appliances maintenance.
Office administrative tasks, included procurement, reviewing vendors contract, monitoring monthly office payment, maintaining updated filing system.
Generating monthly annual leave report, daily staff attendance record.
Schedule conference room appointment and organize video/ conference calls.
Provided administrative support e.g. travel arrangement, expense reimbursement.
Chinese: Excellent command of written and spoken Chinese (both Cantonese and Mandarin).Ahli Pembimbing Rakan Sebaya’(2007)- Polytechnic Merlimau Melaka.
Seni dan Kebudayaan Club Member-  Polytechnic Merlimau Melaka.
Participate in Choir Performance (Polytechnic Konvokesyen 2007).
Working 1) EQUATORIAL HOTEL KUALA LUMPUR (July 2010 – Sept 2010) Experiences Kitchen Helper.
See to it that all food items for the restaurant are prepared on time and     meet quality and quantity standards.
Maintaining of cleanliness in all assigned areas, including refrigerators and     freezers.
Ensures smooth running of the section during Demi Chef De parties absences.
Oversee and manage all areas of the restaurant and make final decisions on     matters of importance to guest service.
Responsible for ensuring that all financial (invoices, reporting) and  personnel  /     payroll related administrative duties are completed accurately, on time and in     accordance with company policies and procedures.
Manage shifts which include: daily decision making, scheduling, planning while     upholding standards, product quality and cleanliness.
Maintain professional restaurant image, including restaurant cleanliness, proper    uniforms, and appearance standards.
Communicating with clients prior to their course and recording all correspondence.
Developing and implementing ideas for the marketing and sales.
Scanning/filing of report/correspondences•  Assist in daily activities in the office operation.
Resolves administrative problems by coordinating preparation of reports,     analyzing data, and identifying solutions.
Strong communication skills in interrelated with people at all levels. Ability to manage a variety of tasks, responsibilities, simultaneously and effectively.
Motivate to perform at top level and exercise prudent judgment in all decision making areas.
Strong communication skills in interrelated with people at all levels. Ability to manage a variety of tasks, responsibilities, simultaneously and effectively.
Motivate to perform at top level and exercise prudent judgment in all decision making areas.
Strong communication skills in interrelated with people at all levels. Ability to manage a variety of tasks, responsibilities, simultaneously and effectively.
Motivate to perform at top level and exercise prudent judgment in all decision making areas.
Expert written and verbal  fluency in Bahasa Malaysia and English.
Expert written and verbal  fluency in Bahasa Malaysia and English.
Expert written and verbal  fluency in Bahasa Malaysia and English.
2002-2004: SEKOLAH  MENENGAH  KEBANGSAAN  ISKANDAR SHAH  MELAKA.
2002-2004: SEKOLAH  MENENGAH  KEBANGSAAN  ISKANDAR SHAH  MELAKA.
2002-2004: SEKOLAH  MENENGAH  KEBANGSAAN  ISKANDAR SHAH  MELAKA.
2005-2006: SEKOLAH  MENENGAH  KEBANGSAAN  TINGGI PEREMPUAN MELAKA Completed with SPM.
2005-2006: SEKOLAH  MENENGAH  KEBANGSAAN  TINGGI PEREMPUAN MELAKA Completed with SPM.
2005-2006: SEKOLAH  MENENGAH  KEBANGSAAN  TINGGI PEREMPUAN MELAKA Completed with SPM.
DIPLOMA IN HOTEL MANAGEMENT AND CATERING(2010) -   3.62 (HPNM).
DIPLOMA IN HOTEL MANAGEMENT AND CATERING(2010) -   3.62 (HPNM).
DIPLOMA IN HOTEL MANAGEMENT AND CATERING(2010) -   3.62 (HPNM).ms.vivian.shiu@gmail.com | +852 5343 6168 (Hong Kong) | Sheung Wan.
Major: Human Resources Management; Second major: Marketing.
High Distinction was achieved in a Communication Unit (please see transcript).
Office Manager | lj hooker (Australia real estate brand) | may 2012 – Jan 2017.
I managed the operation of the office and provided full range of  business administration support.
I was also responsible for all corporate duty and business tax reporting by utilizing accounting software i.e. MYOB, Account Right Live Plus and the cloud version.
Experienced in preparing End of Month, bank reconciliation, and all trust accounting.
I provide marketing campaign to local business owners to cross promote their business in the community and help out those who do not have online presence.
Manage all office supplies and computer/server maintenance and security; liaise with IT tech.
Travel for business to headquarter Sydney and retreat in Asia; also travel occasionally for trainings.
A full procedure of recruitment from advertising, screening CV, interview appointment, background check, second interview, contract drafting and signing, induction training and payroll, MPF/ superannuation.
Liaise with lawyers, auditors and accountant; provide full range of administrative and bookkeeping.
Geographically relocated to Brisbane, australia| Dec 2010 – May 2012.
Waiting for my work visa and created an online lingerie business.
Learnt about how to use social media and writing blogs to promote the online business.
Got a British mentor who has already running a successful online gaming business.
Responsible for the inflight safety, customer services and retail therapy to all passengers and members.
business class Flight attendant | Dragonair| Feb 2006 – Aug 2008.
Provided service from the heart to passengers and fly five days a week over 70 flying hours per month.
Assistant manager | Fat angelo’s italian Restaurant| Jan 2015 – FEB 2006.
Started my career with Fat Angelo’s back in 2001 when I had three-month summer holiday. I joined this organization as a Full-Time Receptionist. Fell in love with this place and the classical music they played every night. After I graduated from University in 2004, I applied to become a Management Trainee and got promoted as Assistant Manager ran one of the newest branch in Kowloon.
human resources support | Panalpina world transport| Jun 2004 – Dec 2004.
My very first job after graduated from University, luckily enough to be able to work with three other Human Resources ladies in the team to look after just over 500 staff members in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong office. My duties was maintaining staff profile database, ID security system, staff card production and issue, inductions, and leave system. I assisted with my Supervisor in preparation of the monthly salary payroll.
I believe in my can-do attitude. Being an Office Manager, I have had hands-on experience in training new sales people and encourage them to enroll themselves to all LJ Hooker corporate trainings available to them. I value continuous learning.
I can talk to people from all walks of life, for example people I meet in the street, coffee shops, elevators, Universities, workplace, planes, airports etc. I keep in touch and value my social network.
I am a strong believer in hard working and ‘do your homework’ in order to achieve desirable results as rational investors. I am interested in working on value investment with help of technical analysis.
Successfully completed an intensive Vinyasa Yoga Teacher Training in 2015.
By Department of Justice and Attorney-General, Queensland Government.To provide full spectrum secretarial support to the Head of Research, Asia Pacific (member of the APAC Management Board).
To manage busy daily schedule, coordinate appointments, internal and external meetings, conference calls and events.
To organize complex travel arrangements, arrange logistics and itinerary, as well as handle expense claims after trips.
To liaise with overseas Headquarter, local Research Heads in Asia Pacific countries, business line leaders as well as external clients and business related parties.
To coordinate meetings, prepare agenda, meeting materials and presentation, take meeting notes and ensure follow up actions after the meeting.
To process expense claims, prepare expense reports, handle client billing and invoices for the department and to consolidate weekly expense report.
To prepare, consolidate and review different monthly reports from Research teams across Asia Pacific regions.
To organize and arrange the regional conference for Asia Pacific Research team annually.
Established the procedure for distributing the Research publications, and to arrange report distribution to both internal and external clients.
To maintain and update filing system for the department, including upcoming report release schedule, client list and Research Publication library.
To provide secretarial support to the Managing Director and a small group of Directors of the Company.
To handle Directors’ personal financial, banking and investment matters.
To handle company secretarial issues for the BVI and HK companies, such as annual returns and AGM minutes.
To arrange daily schedule, meetings and appointments for the Managing Director.
To arrange travel arrangement for the Managing Director and her family members.
To handle personal finance and banking issues for the Managing Director.
To take care the financial matters for the Managing Director and her family members, including the maids and driver.
Hong Kong Medical & Sports Support Co. Ltd. (Sports Accessories Manufacturer).
To handle and supervise administrative duties including daily office administration, procurement etc.
Level 3 Communications Ltd. (Multinational Telecom Network Provider).
Secretary to Senior Vice President, Corporate Development.
To provide full spectrum of secretarial and administration support to the Senior Vice President and department’s senior executives.
To organize and maintain daily schedule for the SVP and the team members.
To prepare and consolidate management reports on regular and ad hoc basis.
To organize conferences and workshops for overseas colleagues from Asia Pacific and facilitates the event.
To liaise with headquarters in US and to coordinate closely with teammates in Tokyo and Seoul.
To handle customers complaints/queries, and liaise with various departments for immediate solutions.
To follow up strategic customers on faults and complaints to ensure prompt and satisfactory solution provided.
To provide written report on complaints/queries for customers.
To analyze and prepare various reports for management, such as Customer Retention reports, Customer Complaint, Fault and Dispute reports, and make recommendations for management review.
Senior Secretary to General Manager, Strategic Planning (Jan 1996 – Jun 1998).
To provide secretarial and administration support to the General Manager and the department.
To assist General Manager in setting up strategic and operational plans for the new departments and coordinate with the new team members.
To lead and coordinate different special projects (such as set up continuous Performance Survey, develop and administrate training programs for customer facing colleagues etc.).
To arrange travel and accommodation for the General Manager and the team.
To arrange various conferences, workshops and company events.
To prepare and consolidate management report on regular basis.
To provide full secretarial support to the Managing Director.
To liaise with overseas Parent company, sister companies and the subsidiaries offices.
To arrange travel and accommodation arrangements for the management and overseas colleagues.
To consolidate reports from subsidiary companies for submission to headquarter.
To organize company events e.g. workshops and annual dinners.
To oversee the Admin Department and supervise colleagues including Office Assistant, Receptionist and Cleaner.6-year experience in admin/translation/interpretation with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
---Mandarin(native), English, Cantonese, Korea(basic listening).
---Others:   Asst. Human Resource Management Certificate (Mainland China).
Education(English Language Teaching)     Master     GPA 3.37/4 ·2006.09~2010.06   Shanghai University of International Business and Economics.
·2007.09~2010.06   Shanghai University of International Business and Economics.
International Economics and Trade(2nd major)Bachelor GPA 3.41/4.
·2015.11 ~ till now    Zheng He Capital Management Limited       Office Manger    Location: Hong Kong.
Provide and maintain a safe, secure, clean, tidy and green work environment with effective administrative service in communication, central filing and document storage, dispatch and mailing, reception and security, housekeeping and cleansing, printing and stationeries supply。.
Source and liaise venders, such as travel agency, car, hotel and etc. Review cost on regular basis and report to Chairman.
Equipment and IT Support: liaise outsourcing company. Monthly report review.
Assist in staff recruitment, post job advertisement, receive and screen CV.
Assist staff on-boarding and off-boarding, including visa application if needed.
Business support to Chairman & investment team, including organizing complicated meetings, calls, video conferences, preparing meeting minutes as needed and assisting follow-ups.
QFLP application in Qianhai Shenzhen: Document preparation and liaison with Consultant Company.
·2013.05 ~ 2014.08   DHL-Sinotrans International Air Courier Ltd. Shanghai Branch.
---AGM’s time management, incl meetings, biz trips, client visit and Staff Townhall meetings.
---Assist HR issues: monthly staff townhall meeting, Chinese New Year Staff Gala and dealing with staff complaints.
---Interpretation when visiting clients. Documents/emails translation.
---Support corporate global or national events in Shanghai.
·2012.10 ~ 2013.05       CLSA Representative Office Shanghai      Office Manager Location: Shanghai.
---Roadshow arrangement incl flight, accommodation, catering, transportation.
---Source vendors and negotiate admin contracts, e.g. office lease, hotel, air ticket, etc.
---Organize and coordinate company events and employee care activities.
---Supervise the purchase of stationery and facilities as well as their maintenance and fixing.
---Liaison with vendors, suppliers, customers, headquarters and other branch offices.
---Organize and coordinate big projects when arise, e.g. office relocation, office decoration, new site opening.
---License renew, government required files preparation and other admin work as assigned.
·2011.09 ~ 2012.10      InterContinental Shanghai Puxi     PA to General Manager Location: Shanghai.
Reporting line: GM/Hotel Manager/DGM (expatriate/Hong Kong/Shanghaiese).
---Communicate, cooperate and coordinate any follow-ups.
---Draft memos, letters and emails. Summarize and dispatch boss’s emails.
---Quality Evaluation Management, Risk Management, Standardization Issues.
---License renew, government required files preparation and other admin work as assigned. ---Cross training in Revenue Department and have exposure to Reservation, E-Commence. Reason of resignation: Hotel de-flagging and management turnover.
·2010.03 ~ 2011.09          Shanghai JC Mandarin          Interpreter / Translator Location: Shanghai.
---Meeting interpretation & translation, mainly regarding work-related injury lawsuit and government documents.
---Cross-training at Front Office, HR, S&M, Engineering & Security Department.
---Sales event coordination and PR issues (online publication incl hotel Weibo) Reason of resignation: Career Development.Address :  Flat C, 12/F Block 3, Harmony Garden, 9 Siu Sai Wan Road, Hong Kong.
Executive Assistant to General Manager, Group Development Asia 1 May 2006 – 30 Sep 2016.
Provide full spectrum of secretarial and administrative support to the General Manager of Group Development in Asia and his team (2 senior managers) including calendar management (by Microsoft Outlook) and associated tasks, setting up visual/audio conference meetings.
Assist and organise events for team building, team meetings or conference.
Assist preparation of sensitive and confidential information for the company merger and acquisition activities.
Business travel arrangement in line with corporate travel policies, including prior approval, booking airline tickets, car services, hotels, itineraries and the entry of business visas if required.
Process travel and entertainment expense claims (by Promaster).
(MLC was an insurance company formerly named as CEF Life and it was sold to AXA Hong Kong in 2006).
Executive Assistant to Managing Director & CEO 2 May 1994 – 30 April 2006.
Provide full spectrum of secretarial support to the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the company including calendar management and associated tasks, setting up visual/audio conference meetings.
Assist and organise events for team building, team meetings or conference.
Business travel arrangement in line with corporate travel policies, including prior approval, booking airline tickets, car services, hotels, itineraries and the entry of business visas if required.
Assist preparation of sensitive and confidential information.
Assist organise the quarterly Shareholders and Board of Directors’ meeting and prepare Board meeting materials.
Organise and arrange logistics for press conferences, cocktail/dinner receptions for clients.
Co-ordinate with suppliers to do clients’ corporate brochure, annual/interim report, promotional leaflet and/or give-aways item/souvenir, commercial advertising.
Client servicing including large corporations in Hong Kong, such as StarTV, Li & Fung, Vitasoy and etc.
Successful completed projects such as Fashion Show in Vogue Alley in 1992, Schwarzkopf Hair Show in APA in 1993, Citibank Photocard Launch and Citibank Frequent Flyers Passages in 1993, Enviropace plant opening in 1993, Scottish week food promotion in 1993 and Playboy condom launch & promotion in 1994.
Personal Assistant to Managing Director, Asia Pacific Dec 1989 – Jul 1990.
Provide secretarial support to the Managing Director Asia Pacific including calendar management and all ssociated tasks.
F5 Graduated with HKCEE Certificate (6 subjects passed including English, Mathematics and a distinction in Chinese).
Bob Bettridge – Former General Manager, Group Development Asia, National Australia Bank (from 2006 to 2016) and also former Managing Director & CEO of MLC Hong Kong Ltd (from 2002 to 2006); by email to pipnbob@gmail.com or Mobile: +61 429 686 634.
Terence Wu – Former Managing Director & CEO of MLC Hong Kong Ltd (from 1994 to 2002);.403, Blok A8, Seksyen 1, Jalan 3/27a, Wangsa Maju 53300 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Mobile Phone: 013-356 5220                                              Email: hafifi.badruldin@gmail.com.
Managed complete data entry from 7,000 career fair survey forms into designated offline system within one month period.
Performed survey data analysis from 14,000 of compiled information including demographics, preferred employers and sector breakdowns and summarized the results using Microsoft Excel.
Entered and updated information in Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system.
Supported additional functions such as proofreading and helping to organize materials.
University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur Research Assistant, March 2014 to April 2016 General duties:.
Managed research projects assigned by Principal Investigator (PI) including project design, development and implementation.
Performed data analysis and interpretations using Excel, wrote reports and published findings in scientific journals.
Presented papers at national and international conferences.
Notified and advised PI to ensure compliance with university guidelines or rules and regulations.
Performed general administrative and editorial duties including coordinating meeting and travel, establishing and maintaining data files and proof-reading.
Conducted geological fieldworks in various locations in Peninsular Malaysia including collecting rock samples, determining rock formation and their field correlation and plotting geological and structural data on map.
Performed petrographic analysis of rock samples under microscope including mineral composition, textural and microstructure descriptions.
Provided assistance to lecturer in preparing teaching materials.
Counselled and guided undergraduate students regarding the teaching subject.
403, Blok A8, Seksyen 1, Jalan 3/27a, Wangsa Maju 53300 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Mobile Phone: 013-356 5220                                              Email: hafifi.badruldin@gmail.com.
Committee member – 3rd Residential College’s Government and Patriotism Committee, University of Malaya, 2010-2011.
Student Assistant – University of Malaya Orientation Week, 2010.
Committee member - 3rd Residential College’s Academic and Intellectual Committee, 2009-2010.
American Association of Petroleum Geologists, 2009-2012.
Beaconhouse Sri Inai International School, Petaling Jaya, 2015.  Royal Debate Competition, Kuala Lumpur, 2009.
9th Mathematics and Physical Sciences Graduate Congress, Kuala Lumpur, January 2014.
National Geoscience Conference, Kuala Terengganu, June 2014.
5th - 8th Malaysian Student Leaders Summit, Kuala Lumpur, 2011-2014.
Petroleum Geoscience Conference and Exhibition, Kuala Lumpur, 2010-2012.LANGUAGE/DIALECT SPOKEN : English and Chinese/Cantonese, Hokkien and Teochew.
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION : GCE ‘O’ – credit in English, Chinese, Literature, Geography and      Science.
Certificate of Merit in Microsoft Excel 2000, PowerPoint,      Word and Lotus Notes.
Certificate in Human Resource Management – Manpower Planning, Recruitment & Selection, Compensation & Benefit, Performance Management, Learning & Development, Career Management, Discipline, Grievance Handling & Exit Procedures.
Certificate for Employment Intermediaries (CEI) – Work Injury Compensation Act, Employment Act, Work Pass Framework, Employment of Foreign Manpower Act, Work Pass/Employment Pass online access system and Immigration Act.
Certification in Process Payroll – Labour Laws & Payroll, Overview of Pay Structure, Payment & Legal Compliance, Payroll Calculation Methods.
Mar 2016 – Current  CYRUS GLOBAL MANAGEMENT PTE LTD – (Investment Holding Com).
Responsible for the overall administration of office (building management, car parking, access card, vendors’ management, etc).
Manage all confidential documents and in-charge of documents room system.
Manage the office space and facility needs to support business growth and development; interacting with Landlord to ensure proper management of company facilities and build-up.
Interact and work closely with Lawyer and Secretariat in getting the company registered with ACRA.
Coordinating with main-contractor in building up office; apply for various permit and approval from Building Management and Statutory board.
Work with COO, CFO and General Counsel in office budgeting; BCP as well as compliance.
Office supplies management including fitting and fixtures, pantry and stationary management.
Management of internal and external service providers to ensure business needs are met.
Negotiate for competitive terms of Lease Agreement, maintenance contracts and insurance contracts in the best interest of the company.
Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in procurement, office inventory and all administrative processes.
Office equipment maintenance and negotiation of contracts.
Responsible for Health & Safety, Office Security, Facilities Environmental Compliance.
Review employment pass, visa registration, and cessation of employment, staff relocation, overseas and local temp lodging for staff.
Hiring new staff as required, ensuring adequate cover during leave periods and raising any issues to management as required.
Assisting new hire induction, workstation, IT and phone system set up.
Negotiation of Medical insurance coverage for all employee.
Ensure compliance of HR policies and procedures within MOM requirements.
Supervision of support staff to ensure smooth delivery of operations.
In charge of logistics for Conferences, Meetings and Exposition.
Manage and coordinate functions and year end company activities.
Review expenses relating to office admin functions to ensure appropriateness and accuracy of charges.
Review all expense vouchers prepared and ensure all expenses are in line with the company’s expense policy before approval for payment.
Accounts Payable and Receivable, Petty-Cash, review expenses claim, etc.
Liaison with auditors and government bodies to ensure compliance with corporate policies and local laws and regulations.
May 2014 – August 2015   FINMECHANICS PTE LTD (Oversees newly office set-up/relocation).
Responsible for the overall administration of office (building management, car parking, access card, vendors’ management, etc).
Manage the office space and facility needs to support business growth and development; interacting with Landlord to ensure proper management of company facilities and build-up.
Coordinating with main-contractor in building up office; apply for various permit and approval from Building Management and Statutory board.
Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in procurement, office inventory and all administrative processes.
Office supplies management including fitting and fixtures, pantry and stationary management.
Negotiate for competitive terms of Lease Agreement, maintenance contracts and insurance contracts in the best interest of the company.
Co-ordinate with Company Secretariat on AGM and Resolution.
Taking charge of company year-end corporate meet/offsite programme.
Responsible for Health & Safety, Office Security, Facilities Environmental Compliance.
Contact for queries and transactions on HR routine for employees.
Ensure compliance of HR policies and procedures within MOM requirements.
Manage HR operations including talent acquisition in cross border, performance and leave management, etc.
Assisting induction of new hire; workstation, IT and phone system set up.
Review and co-ordinate payroll with outsource vendor on a monthly basis.
Managing share services for expatriate long and short term housing and lease management, relocation etc.
Hiring new staff and contingent labour ensuring adequate cover during leave periods and raising any issues to management as required.
Negotiation and taking charge of Medical insurance for all employees.
Management of internal and external service providers to ensure business needs are met.
Manage and coordinate functions and year end company activities.
Research into portfolio companies Financial Statement on Bloomberg, Reuters and approved platform.
Providing full admin support to all Consultants, personal and official (50 pax).
Review expenses relating to office admin functions to ensure appropriateness and accuracy of charges.
Liaison with auditors and government bodies to ensure compliance with corporate policies and local laws and regulations.
Review all expense vouchers prepared and ensure all expenses are in line with the company’s expense policy before approval for payment.
Opening of bank account and taking charge of bank mandate for Directors.
June 2010 – Sept 2013 ARTHA CAPITAL SINGAPORE PTE LTD – (Hedge Fund).
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT/ADMIN MANAGER – Support 6 Analysts, 1 Portfolio Manager, 2 Traders.
Responsible for the overall administration of office (building management, car parking, access card, vendors’ management, etc).
Manage the office space and facility needs to support business growth and development; interacting with Landlord to ensure proper management of company facilities and build-up.
Interact and work closely with Lawyer and Secretariat in getting the company registered with ACRA.
Coordinating with main-contractor in building up office; apply for various permit and approval from Building Management and Statutory board.
Work with CFO and General Counsel in office budgeting; BCP as well as compliance of procurement policies.
Office supplies management including fitting and fixtures, pantry and stationary management.
Management of internal and external service providers to ensure business needs are met.
Negotiate for competitive terms of Lease Agreement, maintenance contracts and insurance contracts in the best interest of the company.
Manage Receptionist, Executive Assistant and office cleaner.
Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in procurement, office inventory and all administrative processes.
Office equipment maintenance and negotiation of contracts.
Responsible for Health & Safety, Office Security, Facilities Environmental Compliance.
Review employment pass, visa registration, and cessation of employment, staff relocation from USA, China and India and local temp lodging for staff.
Hiring new staff as required, ensuring adequate cover during leave periods and raising any issues to management as required.
Assisting new hire induction, workstation, IT and phone system set up.
Negotiation of Medical insurance coverage for all employee.
Ensure compliance of HR policies and procedures within MOM requirements.
Supervision of clerical support staff to ensure smooth delivery of operations.
In charge of logistics for Conferences, Meetings and Exposition.
Manage and coordinate functions and year end company activities.
Review expenses relating to office admin functions to ensure appropriateness and accuracy of charges.
Review all expense vouchers prepared and ensure all expenses are in line with the company’s expense policy before approval for payment.
Accounts Payable and Receivable, Petty-Cash, review expenses claim, etc.
Liaison with auditors and government bodies to ensure compliance with corporate policies and local laws and regulations.
Submission of statutory Form 22 & 23; online submission of Financial Sector Incentive Scheme (FSI).
Nov 2009 – May 2010  OLIVANT ADVISERS (ASIA-PACIFIC) PTE LTD – (Private Equity).
Secretarial supports to manage travel arrangement and review expense claims in accordance to corporate policy.
Support in producing presentation materials for meetings and conferences.
Providing full admin support to all other Executives; personal and official.
Research into portfolio companies Financial Statement on Bloomberg, Reuters and approved platform.
Preparation/review of SOPs to facilitate smooth delivery of work.
Manage office space and facility needs to support business growth and development.
Office supplies management including fitting and fixtures, pantry and stationary management.
Interact and work closely with Lawyer and Secretariat in getting the company registered with ACRA, AGM and Directors’ Resolution.
Design and coordinate department specific induction/cessation for employee.
Provide office and tools related support (photocopier, blackberry, stationery, grocery, etc) for the team.
Review employment pass, visa application, staff relocation and lodging.
Negotiate for competitive terms of lease contracts, maintenance contracts, medical and life insurance coverage in the best interest of the company.
Assisting new hire to set-up workstation, IT and phone system.
Facilitate audit/inspection and liaising with various finance related vendors, legal and corporate secretarial for routine statutory compliance work, resolutions and statutory returns.
Invoice management for the department such as Accounts Payable and Receivable, Petty-Cash, Advisory fees, Withholding taxes.
Accounts Payable and Receivable, Petty-Cash, review expenses claim, etc.
Review all expense vouchers prepared and ensure all expenses are in line with the company’s expense policy before approval for payment.
OFFICE MANAGER CUM EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO GENERAL PARTNERS.
Responsible for the overall administration of office (building management, fire drill, etc).
Manage the office space and facility needs to support business growth and development.
Negotiate for competitive terms of Lease Agreement, maintenance contracts and insurance contracts in the best interest of the company.
Manage Receptionist, Executive Assistant and office cleaner.
Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in procurement, office inventory and all administrative processes.
Office equipment maintenance and negotiation of contracts.
Management of internal and external service providers to ensure business needs are met.
Co-ordinate with Corporate Secretariat on AGM and Directors’ Resolution.
Research reports through Thomson One, Starmind, Bloomberg, Reuters...etc.
Business trip to Germany to assist General Partner’s personal project.
Research into portfolio companies Financial Statement on Bloomberg, Reuters and approved platform.
In charge of logistics for Conferences, Meetings and Exposition.
Manage and coordinate functions and year end company activities.
Review expenses relating to office admin functions to ensure appropriateness and accuracy of charges.
Review all expense vouchers prepared by the secretary and ensure all expenses are in line with the company’s expense policy before approval for payment.
Review and record/payment of invoices – Accounts Payable, Petty-Cash, CPF, NSMen Reservist and Pay-Claims.
Liaison with auditors and government bodies to ensure compliance with corporate policies and local laws and regulations.
Assist and co-ordinate Financial year-end audit with auditors.
Review employment pass, visa application and cessation of employment; staff relocation from USA, China, India and Japan; local lodging for company staff.
Hiring new staff as required, ensuring adequate cover during leave periods and raising any issues to management as required.
Ensure compliance of HR policies and procedures within MOM requirements.
Negotiate for competitive terms of Lease Contract, maintenance contracts and Medical Insurance Contract in the best interest of the company.
Responsible for Health & Safety, Office Security, Facilities Environmental Compliance.
Assisting new hire induction, workstation, IT and phone system set up.
Reason of leaving: Company is downsizing, uncertainty of headcount.
LONG-TERM TEMP EXECUTIVE SECRETARY IN COMMODITIES DEPARTMENT.
Full spectrum of secretarial duties to 8 Executive Director, 8 Vice-President, 1 Managing Director and 4 Analysts, 3 Traders.
Organizing APPEC seminars and Offsite events for department.
Reason of leaving: Was headhunted by referrer for Office Manager Position.
2002 – 2005  WARBURG PINCUS SINGAPRE LLC – (Private Equity/Asset Management).
Secretarial and administrative support for Office Manager, Managing Directors.
Meeting, attending to incoming calls and welcoming clients.
Maintain and update an accurate and systematic filing system.
Inventory control of stationery supply, grocery and general office maintenance to ensure a conducive environment for working staff.
Assisting Analyst with Quarterly Exhibits closing of deal’s Accounts, filings and all other secretarial duties.
Doing research reports through MultexNet, First Call and Bloomberg.
2001 – 2002   CAP GEMINI TELECOME MEDIA & NETWORKS (S) PTE LTD – (Media).
Implementing and maintaining company administrative department main register.
Inventory control of stationery supply and general office maintenance to ensure a conducive environment for working staff and consultant.
Verifying consultant expense claims within corporate guide-lines.
Preparation for on-boarding and off-boarding staff – hot desk administration, phone line allocation, access card, ID creation, etc.
Coordinate Consultant meetings with clients and liaise with travel agent in regards to Directors and Consultant travel.
Activate teleconference call for consultant and apply for ICC and telemeeting numbers for Directors and Consultant.
A pioneer in the establishment and assisting the GM in the setup of office, recruiting staff, purchased of office furniture and fixtures, liaise with renovation contractor, etc.
1989 – 1994 Part time and Temp jobs as Secretary in various organizations.
Monitor the implementations of hospitals’ personnel policies and procedure.
Maintaining an accurate and confidential records of 300 personnel particulars, medical benefits, incentive and annual leaves.
Preparing staff for orientation, and giving administrative support to Business Office.
Responsible for Specialists and Resident Medical Officer’s Roster.
Implementing and maintaining an accurate and systematic filing system.
A pioneer in the establishment and assisting the GM in the setup of office, recruiting staff and purchasing of office furniture and fixtures; liaise with contractor, etc.
Take charge of 13 sales staff in retail department and oversees Sales & Marketing team’s progression; problem solving with management.
Oversees promotion activities such as group tour and gifts ;and pricing strategy.-I am Mohd Yusri Bin Mohd Yusoff. I came from a moderate family of six.
I am an energetic and enthusiastic person who enjoys a challenge and achieving personal goals - Good organizational skills, an analytical /logical approach to tasks and the ability to work under pressure.If I were given the opportunity .I promised that I will work hard and do my best to serve the company.
-My aim to join you is to utilise my qualifications and experiences to enhance the company image.
-To use my skills in the best possible way for achieving the company goals.
Skilled and dedicated Admin officer with more 10 years’ experience coordinating,planning and supporting daily operational and administrative functions.
Supervise admin staffs fax,filing,photocopy,mailing,Annual leave,OT and etc.
-Maintain office stock and purchase of and other  equipment to ensure the smooth operation of organization.
-Event coordination including activities ,Sports club,design,purchasing and etc.
Faculty : Information Technology and Multimedia Communication.
Assist on daily administrative task which documentation,filing,fax, mailing,data entry,photocopy,scan & following up on pending matters.
Responsible for the overall administration of Company’s staff assets which include company’s parking,office maintenance,office furniture,photocopy /fax machines,keys,Security Access card , phone, business card,attendance,staff claim,,photo ID card,Safety and etc.
To ensure office equipment and facilities such as is good condition a and sufficient office supplies.
Preparation of new staff’s equipment:workstation,phone,id card,key and etc.
Maintain office stock ( office furniture,machine,pantry ,  and etc),.
Coordinate office maintenance with contractor,technicians and renovation work.
Check office bills,invoice ,PO,DO,quotation,form,voucher or documents for payment.
Assist in contract,tenancy renewal, and renovation matters.
Supervise admin staffs fax,filing,photocopy,mailing,cleanliness,,Annual leave,OT ,meeting rooms and etc.
To lead,supervise and train a group of staff and ensuring work quality is maintained.
Administer data to system and upkeep documents systematically.
Internet research such budget, office equipment , services and etc.
Responsible for preparation and process purchase orders (PO)and documents in accordance with policies and procedures.
Responsible for sourcing selecting and negotiating with suppliers to constantly strive for best price while maintaining the highest level of quality,reliability and service.
Resolves administrative problems by coordinating preparation of reports,analyzing data and identifying solutions.
Assisted event coordination including activities ,food caterer,seminar ,sport club,meeting and etc.
To undertake any other special assignments, and related duties as and when required ( Software :Locus, 3E system,.
Involved in Automated Electronic Legal Recovery Tracking System (ALERT) project to automate assignment , correspondences ,instructions ,status and billings through a secured communication channel via internet.
Handle customer, clients and relevant parties inquiries professionally to the satisfaction of the customer.
Ensure that quality control is carried out daily and that the computer database is delivered on time.
Generates and compiles computer data based on interactions with teamwork.
Update data directly to computer system such filling, checking auto sub and policy (Software : Really As 400).
Using a computerized system, responds to customer inquiries in a call center environment.
Troubleshooting computer network system and TV( Accounts ,Magazines, showcase).
Provides support, feedback, guidance and development to customer and team.
Update data directly to computer system (Software :Visual Basic).
Badminton Swim School Prefect/ Scout Member IT blogger Travel/holiday Entrepreneur /Commissioner.
Award for the Best Prefect School Session & Chairman Entrepreneur Club.
Computer installation ,troubleshooting, analyzing and repairing problems of computer elements such as desktop computers, laptops and various components/peripherals of an IT network.
-Possesses great designing skills,Creative, editing ,Multimedia,animation,poster,magazine, T-shirt,banner,bunting and including free hand and painting,free.
HTML,Visual Basic Application , Cobol,Pascal,C Programming , Lotus, Atlas, 3E system,As 400 ,Lexis Affinity,Vnc.
Microsoft Office ( Word, Excel, Power,Access , Power Point,Publisher, Front Page,kids,Editor,).
Mircromedia, Adobe Pagemill, , Photoshop,Illustration PE design ,Paint,.
My Business card ,Moho,Anim8or Flash ,Window movies player ( Multimedia Software ).
Window 98,Window 2000,Window 2011,Window Xp Plus,Window Xp Home Edition, Window XP pro , Window 7 ,Window 8 D/3D ANIMATION SOFTWARES.Address: 4-122, JalanUdangGalah,Taman Sri Segambut,52000 Kuala Lumpur.
Programme:   Diploma in Business Studies (Finance & investment),.
Proficient in use of Microsoft Word and Microsoft Power Point.
Have Part Knowledgeon Account Payable Auto Count Accounting System.
- Data entry and accounting functions of company which include  AP, AR, cash book, GL and fixed assets.
-Preparation of timely and accurate documents, reports, presentations  and financial statements.
-Submission of monthly accounts analysis and accounting reports like debtors & creditors ageing report, statement of account & etc.
-Support and liaise with debtors and creditors for payments arrangement and/or obtaining relevant information. Payments and receipts management and liaison with customers and suppliers.
- Perform admin support functions and accounts activities as assigned.
- Ensure that an adequate system of internal control is maintained and implemented.
- Responsible for any ad-hoc reporting / project as assigned.
- Manage day to day general office administration including office maintenance, employee leave record and accounting support including issue of cheques, inquiries, quotation, invoicing, purchasing and corresponding with various counter parts including accountants, auditors and government bodies.
- Ensure that sensitive and confidential matters are handled in an appropriate manner.
Responsible on admin work, customer database mining and had learned some knowledge related insurance product. Besides, I had learn some script practice such as selling script, recruiting script and telephone script which can improve communication skill.
Job Position      :Executive Director of Questmark Capital Management SdnBhd.
Office Address: Suite L-3A-9, No. 2 Jalan Solaris, Solaris Mont Kiara, 50480 Kuala    Lumpur.
Job Position          : Finance Manager of KiniMurni Development SdnBhd.A Dedicated, self motivated ambitious administrative professional offering significant experience in self directed positions requiring effective support, secretarial and administrative abilities. Proven interpersonal communications and multi-tasking skills. Adaptable team player recognized for willingness to learn and teach newly acquired skills.
Now looking forward to make a significant contribution to a company that offers a genuine opportunity for progression.
Able to adapt to different managerial styles from various cultural backgrounds.
Initiative and strong sense with the capacity to facilitate the co-operation with the 10+ Finance team members.
High efficient in handling documentation and  work under pressure handling multiple tasks.
People management in handling conflict situations with the team and build rapport, trust quickly with colleagues.
Motivating finance team members and secretaries by creating positive/ never gives up attitude.
Proven track record of coordinating both domestic and international travel for executive level staff smoothly.
Deloitte is one of the “Big Four” accounting firms and the largest professional services network in the world.
Directly report to the Regional Managing Partner's Office and support Regional Managing Director.
Manage schedule, coordinate meetings and personal matters, and prepare meeting agenda and minutes.
Responsible for making travel, accommodation and logistics arrangement.
Closely liaise and coordinate with internal and external stakeholders with professional manner.
Prepare presentations materials, various management reports, correspondences and other documentation.
Arranging and schedule partners Breakfast meeting on weekly basis.
Require standby or work virtually after office hours Mon-Sun.
Support Vice President and team members of Digital by conducting calendar management, scheduling for internal and external meeting coordination and travel arrangements, and collaborating with multiple departments in improving overall quality and efficiency.
Quarterly review the level/quality of service/cost of travel agent and comparing with other.
Handle expense reports, conducted reconciliations, and write description for individual expenditures and analysis the data avoid discrepancies arise.
Arranging weekly team meetings, focusing on targets and achievements.
Review operating practices and implement improvements where necessary.
Handle and Co-ordinate Ad-hoc special project-based work.
Collecting data from employee regarding regional headcounts for the team.
Work ranges from office support assignments to performance of administrative duties involving decision-making and judgment.
Support to Regional Director, 2 Directors and 15 Finance Team members of Cash and Capital Management by conducting calendar management, scheduling for internal and external meeting coordination and travel arrangements, and collaborating with multiple departments in improving overall quality and efficiency.
Semi-annual review the level/quality of service/cost of travel agent and comparing with others.
Handle expense reports, conducted reconciliations, quarterly Investment documents, and write description for individual expenditures and analysis the data avoid discrepancies arise.
Arranging weekly team meetings, focusing on targets and achievements.
Review operating practices and implement improvements where necessary.
Handle and Co-ordinate Ad-hoc special project-based work.
Collecting the data from Bloomberg in monitoring the exchange rate trend on major currencies submit to Finance Team in order to avoid foreign exchange risk.
Work ranges from office support assignments to performance of administrative duties involving decision-making and judgment.
A France-based multinational corporation that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management.
Supported to Senior Vice President of Finance & Control and 30 Finance Team member by conducting calendar management, scheduling for internal and external meeting coordination and travel arrangements.
Facilitated the flow of information into, within and out of Finance Department to ensure prompt and effective communication.
Collaborated with various levels of management to gather information pertaining to key administrative and office  issues.
Transmitted directives, instructions and assignments and follow up on status of assignments as liaison between the executive and subordinates and others.
Researched, compiled, assimilated, and prepared confidential and sensitive monthly reports on the status of market share for Asia Pacific region.
Set up an appropriate filling system for correspondence and reports for easy reference and timely location of documents.
A global power generation firm Based in located in the UK, the Netherlands, Mexico and Australia.
Served and supported to Managing Director and 2 regional directors of the firm.
Consolidated monthly status of development projects reports for InterGen in Asia Pacific Region.
Handled in formatting and coordinating monthly Owners Report and delivery to shareholders, Independent Engineer, Global Agent and Lenders.
Made regional and overseas travel arrangements, prepared itineraries and ensured schedules are coordinated and updated into the regional office corporate calendar.
Coordinated the interviewing process between management and “new hire” candidate.
Researched information or materials required for business related needs (via Internet, news retrieval programs, etc).
Handled Ad-hoc special projects and corporate presentations assigned by Managing Director.
Arthur Andersen LLP, based in USA, was one of the “Big Five” CPA firm.
Provided full range of supports to 3 Legal Partners and 2 Managers.
Handled independent correspondence such as time reports, letters, e-mails, faxes and filing.
Handled and liaised with tax personnel for US and HK tax assessment.
Managed and maintain Partners’ schedule and travel arrangement.
Certificate in Company Law and Company Secretarial Practice September 2003.
Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Access, WordPerfect 5.1, Lotus 123 for Windows, Lotus Notes, Dbase, Minitab, Approach 3.0 and Newsviews.Versatile, over 10-year experience in the financial industry (9-year in administrative and secretarial areas; 2-year in customer service and sales).
Possess excellent communication, interpersonal, planning and execution skills, consistently enabling excellence in performance.
Skilled at identifying and resolving process bottlenecks to ensure operations efficiency, providing specific design solutions.
Executive Assistant to the Managing Director, Aug 2016 – Jan 2017.
(*Maternity coverage; Reason for leaving: contract ended).
Provided executive assistance to the Managing Director in business management and investor relations aspects of The Carlyle Group, one of the world’s top private equity companies;.
Managed travel and expense reports, and extensive meeting schedule with investee companies;.
Assisted in organizing regional fund-raising marketing activities and investors conferences in the Greater China region;.
Extensive liaison with internal/external stakeholders and senior management across the region/headquarters.
Team Secretary in the Asset Management Division, Oct 2015 – Jan 2016.
(*Maternity coverage; Reason for leaving: contract ended).
Managed visa applications, travel arrangements and expense/ medical claims for the team members;.
(*Reason for leaving: personal issue – left Hong Kong for a while).
Provided executive support to the Chief Operations Officer, Managing Director and Compliance Director, including travel arrangements, daily schedules, expense/ medical filings and personal tasks etc.;.
Assisted the Sales team with their intensive business travels, especially managed logistics for investment meetings/ conferences in China and simple document translation (Traditional/ Simplified Chinese);.
Worked closely with the Compliance Director to cultivate good company compliance and governance practice, assisted in annual return filings, company registry updates, organizing and coordinating regular board meetings as well as meeting minutes;.
Organized various team events and maintained office facilities/ filings.
Responsible for HR contracting functions; worked effectively with UK compliance team to prepare and manage contractors’ employment documents, issue termination and reference letters as well as maintain employees’ data base;.
Handled clients’/ candidates’ enquiries and scheduled interviews accordingly;.
Performed as a Personal Assistant for the Country Manager, tasks include generating sales performance reports and organizing team events;.
Supported 15 team members with calendars management, room bookings, business card printing, stationery ordering, and expenses claims etc.
Performed as a Personal Assistant for the Trading Team and the Office Manager, assisted in travel and meeting arrangements, expense/ medical claims etc.;.
Successfully promoted six months after joining the firm; supervised two Receptionists & one Cleaning Lady;.
Created and controlled the central filing systems for the office (keys, accounting reports, and compliance filings);.
Maintained office facilities, organized teambuilding events, coordinated logistics for Admin team retreat and annual company events;.
Systematically handled all accounting invoices and payments;.
Maintained HR system (e.g. staff leave records, documents for new hires etc.).
MGPA (Asia) Limited (formerly Macquarie Global Property Advisors).
Performed all-round Receptionist duties, covering telephone calls, greeting guests, maintaining conference room schedule, setting up video conferencing/ webcast/ projector for meetings as well as managing mail and courier deliveries;.
Fulfilled office administrative responsibilities: monitoring inventory of office supplies, equipment maintenance, and central filings;.
Assisted the E.A. team with travel arrangements, quarterly reports creation, events organizing and other ad-hoc assignments.
Assistant Supervisor in the Japanese Corporate Department, Jan - Aug 2007.
Provided support to the General Operational Affairs and Transactions teams;.
Handled and prioritized multiple tasks, including various administrative duties, marketing back-ups and operations;.
Followed up on applications and performed as a telephone sales for specific projects;.
Awarded “Millionaire Award” for outstanding performance.
Customer Service Representative, Consumer Banking Division, Nov 2003 - Nov 2004.
Efficiently managed customer enquiries on banking products and account information as well as handled customer complaints;.
Interacted well with team members and provided support for continuous service improvements;.
BSc (Honors) in Business Management, First Class Honors (2013 – 2015).
Advanced Diploma in Corporate Administration and Governance, Merit (2009 – 2011).
Certified Practitioner of Neuro-Linguistic Programming (2007).Email: farrah.sixfingers@gmail.com farrahyahya91@gmail.com.
To enhance my knowledge on career chosen and to expose myself in a professional working environment that enables me to gain and grow while performing this job. Besides that I want to contribute my ability to meet the corporation’s goals and to live a life of accomplishment and fulfilment to society.
Highly responsible and very well versed with business aspects and needs of the employer.
Have excellent cross-cultural skills and the experience of working with people of various nationalities.
Executive (front desk management and administration) People & Culture Department at Tpaay Asia Sdn Bhd.
Receptionist =  Serve visitors by greeting, welcoming, directing and announcing them appropriately Answer, screen and forward any incoming phone calls while providing basic information when needed. Receive and sort daily mail/ deliveries/couriers Maintain security by following procedures and controlling access (monitor/visitor logbook).
Admin / HR support = Entering data into a computer, Provide office supplier/vendor, Monitor stock level of stationary, pantry goods, preparing PO/PR, Filing documents, producing form. Process new staff medical insurances, claims, and ID90. Distribution of staff passes cards and related cards, office keys. Handling Jobstreet for new hires, providing application information, helping with form completion; notifying employees of approvals. Do the co-operate accounts ledger every end of the month then pass it to finance after get the approval. Organize conference and meeting room booking sheets. Helping organize office activities, maintain the general filing system, maintain an adequate inventory of office supplier, respond to team inquires, always remain tea lady to maintain our pantry and office.
Travel all around the world, Reading, singing and Listening to music.
Noor Zaitulakmar Binti Ismail PA cum Senior Executive People & Culture noor.zaitulakmar@tunemoney.com.
Bachelor of International Tourism Management (Honours) (Event Management) at Taylor’s School  of Hospitality, Tourism & Culinary Arts (TCHT), Taylor’s University Lakeside Campus, Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
Diploma in Tourism Management at Taylor’s School  of Hospitality, Tourism & Culinary Arts (TCHT), Taylor’s University Lakeside Campus, Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. Graduated on June 2011.
Facilities management support = Assist to planning and overseeing building work/renovation, coordinating cleaning, catering and parking services, coordinate the repair and maintenance of office equipment.
Business Support = Assist or helping other team when required to do and upon approval by supervisor.
Six Fingers Dot Com Sdn Bhd under event operation, sales and marketing at Kelana Jaya Square.
Hotshoe Event Company under event operation, sales and marketing at Petaling Jaya.Ambitious student who has completed coursework in human resources economic and master degree in Econometrics. Possesses strong interpersonal skills and a desire for a career in research and management. Economic student equipped with strong interpersonal skills as well as extensive knowledge of statistic and research methodology. Built up with experience on research with excellent communication skills and strong motivation to succeed.
Organized training health and safety training at Career Centre Malaysia.
Prepared proposal for Project at Human Resources Development Fund (HRDF) and Skill Development Fund Corporation (PTPK).
Organized the project workshops for B40 community funded by PTPK.
Data Entry about 400 respondents and analyze the data using Excel (Descriptive analysis).  Prepared invitation letter and doing admin stuff (Ad hoc).
Published one article about analysis of “Educational Qualification Requirement In Malaysia’s Services Sector -Under Or Over Education Issue”.
Presenting the research finding at The Malaysian National Economic Conference (PERKEM).
Analyze data using two stage least square (2TLS) with instrument variable using SPSS 22.
2016  Presenter in The Malaysian National Economic Conference 2016.
2014  Presenter in the 1st Regional Conference on Campus Sustainability, UMS.
2013-2014  Secretariat Kediaman Cemerlang Dinamik (Exco Welfares and Moral).
2013  Organized in welcoming new Student at Kolej Kediaman Cemerlang Dinamik as a committee member.
2013  Organized in week of Insprasi Sanubari as a Team leader on site preparation.
2012 – 2013  Secretariat Kediaman Cemerlang Dinamik (exco welfares and Security).Provide Secretarial Support & PA to the boss meanwhile to assist a team of sales for the daily secretarial duties.
Manage boss travel and meeting calendar by outlook application.
Arrange and organize the Video and Conf call for the internal meeting and client meeting, such as book video conf room and dial in other country for VC meeting, tele-presence meeting arrangement.
Massive travel arrangement –book air tickets, hotel booking, transportation, visa application.
Massive Expense claim for the team, keep record for the invoices and processing the expense claim and relate record keeping.
Assist in marketing and promotional events such as invite corp clients for the movie night, cocktail event.
Manage office Admin works such as stationery order and doc binding, filing, office facilities maintenance.
Provides communication systems by identifying needs; evaluating options; maintaining equipment; get approval invoices from management.
1. Provide full spectrum of secretarial duties to a team of 7 bankers(2 VP + 1      Asso+ 4 Anaylst) in China Coverage team.
2. Organize travel itineraries (including booking flights and hotels).
3. Prepare presentation materials and reports, IPO Road Show follow up.
4. Prepare claims for reimbursements of business expenses and check invoices      from external suppliers in preparation for payment.
5. Manage and co-ordinate diaries including arranging and booking internal and      external meetings.
6. Handle telephone calls including responding to customer and requests from      internal staff.
9. Manage and update bankers travel calendar,and tax form to IRD.
Report to China Corporate Sales VP, serve 3 – 5 Bankers, daily routine secretarial job such as handling the phone call, handling e-mail, incoming fax and mailing, filing, meeting & conference arrangement.
Traveling arrangement including hotel room and airline ticket bookings for the team, manage the team appointment with the client.
Maintain the client’s date base, update and amendment, mailing file.
Translation business documents from English to Simplify Chinese, organize the financial report such as Chinese & English typing.
Pitch book amendment; liaise with the internal staffs and clients for the company business matters.
Handling the daily admin and secretary jobs, such as, handling the phone      call,  incoming fax, e-mail, and mailing, manage the MD’s day to day appointment calendar.
Travel arrangement, book hotel and airline ticket both for business and leisure trips.
Provide assistance on expense reports consolidation and PowerPoint presentation materials Preparation, build up filing system.
Translate the correspondence from English to Simplify Chinese.
Provide secretarial support to the President, e.g. travel arrangement –including hotel and airline ticket, appointment arrangement and expense reimbursement, etc.
Handling daily meeting and conference arrangement, minutes taking, greeting the VIP clients.
Handling incoming phone calls and clients complaints. Office equipment maintained, manage office lady.
Liaise with the hotel and real estate departments for the monthly sales and promotions.
Translate business proposals (from Chinese to English) and vice versa.
Writing the memos on behalf of President to individual internal department and business letters to local government and outside companies for the company business matters.
Involve in marketing function likes collecting competitive intelligence in the market and ad hoc projects such as organizing the golf events.
Assist in the executive’s personal affairs, e.g. housing arrangement in Shenzhen.
MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Chinese Typing 40wpm, English Typing 60.Head of HR and administration, direct report to COO/Managing Director.
Monitor and manage all office administrative activities, including office insurance, office supplies/equipment, bills payment/expenses, staff MPF/Pay-roll/disbursement, office renovation/removal, staff business trip & company’s event arrangement.
Arrange apartment rental for oversea re-located staffs / tenant agreement negotiation.
Manage company assets; stock take /purchase, disposal of office’s equipment and machine maintenance.
Manage and handle all HR activities including staff recruitment, compensation and benefits, employment contract, on boarding/termination, employee leave record management, working visa application, tax return, correspondence notice to the Inland Revenue Dept, group insurance for the staff, MPF correspondence and payroll.
Human Resources Administration, employee handbook, various general forms creation and handle all employee’s benefits & compensation enquiries/process.
Assist  MD/COO/CFO/CIO/CEO on ad hoc assignments & projects if necessary.
Project management & implementation of M&A restructuring between Grand Cathay Securities (HK) Limited and Grand Cathay Capital (HK) Limited, including all aftermath handover & closure.
Manage all HR activities for GCC and GCHK, including payroll, MPF, working visa, staff recruitment/termination, group insurance, and record keeping during transition period.
Implement planned transition of staffs from GCHK to KGI and GCC to KGIEF.
Handle HR’s enquiries and coordinate between GC employees and GC Taiwan head office.
Monitor and manage all office administrative activities, including office insurance, office supplies/equipment, bills payment/expenses, staff MPF/Pay-roll/disbursement, office renovation/removal, staff business trip & company’s event arrangement.
Arrange apartment rental for oversea re-located staffs / tenant agreement negotiation.
Manage company assets; stock take /purchase, disposal of office’s equipment and machine maintenance.
Manage and handle all HR activities including  staff recruitment, compensation and benefits, employment contract, on boarding/termination, employee leave record management, working visa application, tax return, correspondence notice to the Inland Revenue Dept, group insurance for the staff, MPF correspondence and payroll.
Human Resources Administration, employee handbook, various general forms creation and handle all employee’s benefits & compensation enquiries/process.
Assist  MD/Directors on ad hoc assignments & projects if necessary.
Perform an Administrator, duties including handle office equipments maintenance, bills checking/payment for company expenses, ordering stationery, office sundries, handling staff disbursement, arrange company's event, handling insurance claims and office insurance.
Set up an Administrative function, including draft general policy, company asset management/ stock take/purchase and disposal,.
Perform a Personnel, duties such as arrange staff recruitment, manpower budget planning, employment, termination, leave record management, apply working visa, correspondence notice to the Inland Revenue Dept., arrange medical insurance for the staff, MPF application and salary payroll.
Human Resources Administration, employee handbook, various general forms creation and handle all employee’s benefits & compensation enquiries/process.
Mange & supervise team members for Office/Admin assistants.
Centralize company important documents and keep filing record systematically.
Assistant to the Managing Director and provide secretarial support to the Company Directors.
Arrange meeting note/prepare minutes before/after management meeting; apply working visa for expatriate staff and apply license to SFC; document filing & other paper work related process.
Arrange business/daily schedule for the directors, including all sort of activities such as transportation, air-ticket and hotel booking for the senior officers.
Apply China quota (For US Market), arrange goods inspection, lab test before shipment and handle main orders filing.
Prepare quotation, mail, fax and confirmation to the clients.
Product data inputting, prepare samples order (physical stock) and production order for China Factory.
Assist company’s director to handle personal correspondence such as bill payments, mailing, fax and reserve air-ticket/hotel accommodation.
Take message, handle telephone call, arrange business appointments and daily schedule, transportation and accommodation for directors.
Order accessories for goods production (such as labels, hangtag, woven label).
Input buy/sell transaction data for dealing department. Prepare sub-underwriting letter and director’s document.
Take message, handle telephone call, arrange business appointments, transportation for director, air-ticket and hotel accommodation booking and prepare major meeting reports.
Provide clerical and secretarial support to the Dealing and Administration Department.
Input order tickets data into main system; receives order from branch for day end matching. Keep stock data and stock checking duty.HR,Admin Executive & Secretary at Edder Corporate Management Sdn Bhd (Previous).
•My responsibilities manage all employes make contributions relates to the arrival,medical leave and handling kwsp,perkeso and service tax.
•Coordinated and schedule event,meeting,conference room,attenden staff,salary,kwsp,socso,medical leave.
•Regulate and do general office administration matter like invoicing,purchase order,office equiment monitoring.
•Handle the company in all aspect of the human resources function.
•Coordinated and schedule event,meeting,conference room,attenden staff,salary,kwsp,socso,medical leave.
•Regulate and do general office administration matter like invoicing,purchase order,office equiment monitoring.
•Handle the company in all aspect of the human resources function.
B-1-7 Aparment Desa Bangsawan, Bandar Tun Razak, Cheras, 51200,.Bachelor in Business Administration, University of Portsmouth (2009-2011).
Advanced Diploma of Marketing, Hong Kong University of Science & Technology, College of Lifelong Learning (2006-2008).
Company Background:         Hony Capital is a Chinese private equity firm owned by Legend Holdings.
Provide personal and secretarial support to two Partners & Managing Director;.
Maintain executive calendars; arrange appointments and meetings;.
Handle intensive travel arragements and expenses reimbursement;.
Drafting email business correspondence on and managing MD’s email database;.
Plan and coordinate internal and external meetings and prepare meeting minutes;.
Handle any ad-hoc tasks and projects assigned by Managing Directors.
Company Background:        BNP Paribas is a French bank and financial services company with.
Provide Personal Assistant role to Head of Human Resources, Hong Kong;.
Maintain the HR Head’s calendar in smooth and trouble free manner;.
Perform first class clerical duties, including typing, photocopying, scanning, faxing, mailing and filing;.
Handle office administrative duties for the whole HR floor.
Company Background:  BASF is the world’s leading chemical producer with headquartered in.
Germany. BASF’s portfolio ranges from chemicals, plastics, performance.
Title:  Executive Secretary, Operational Excellence Asia Pacific.
Provide executive secretarial & administrative support to the Indian Director and a multinational team around 15 staff with different nationalities across German, Korean, Indonesian, Japanese, Malaysian, Australian, Singaporean & Chinese;.
Handle complicated calendar management for the Indian Director;.
Handle extensive business travel arrangements, including flight booking, hotel reservations, visa applications for the Director and the team;.
Handle finance and clerical duties, including expense claims, conference room bookings, preparation of presentation for the Director and the team;.
Provide office administration support to the whole team such as office support, meeting arrangements, new joiner orientation, equipment maintenance issues;.
Organize offsite quarterly regional meeting / workshops (around 30 colleagues) and annual conferences (around 180-250 colleagues) including venue selection, site inspection, preparation of invitation letters, visa application, participants’ hotel reservations & confirmations, meals & refreshment arrangements and onsite support;.
Monitor the monthly cost of the team by generating cost reports with data analysis and commentaries;.
Set up internal information filing and database for business market intelligence and maintain in a systematic and confidential way for compliance with information security;.
Act as the Company’s Safety Officer to organize regular fire drill & safety inspections;.
Handle ad-hoc tasks and projects that are assigned by the Director and the team.
Company Background:         DuPont Apollo, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DuPont, the world’s third’s.
largest chemical company. DuPont Apollo specializes in silicon-based.
to global markets as well as turnkey solutions in selected situations.
Provide senior secretarial support to the Taiwanese Sales Director; Taiwanese New Business Development Director and the sales team of 10 staff;.
Handle extensive business travel arrangements including air-tickets;.
Booking, hotel reservation, visa application for the Directors and the team;.
Provide clerical support such as expenses reimbursement, preparation of presentations, sales report consolidation for the team;.
Perform general clerical duties, including typing, photocopying, scanning  and filing;.
Organize sales meetings and clients visits to Hong Kong laboratory and Shenzhen factory;.
Organize company events, such as annual dinner, Christmas party for Hong Kong office and Shenzhen factory;.
Prepare Company insurance and policies according to the Group’s guidelines;.
Company Background:       Avery Dennison Corporation is a global manufacturer and distributor of.
apparel branding labels and tags, RFID inlays, and specialty medical.
Provide general reception duties for the Company, size around 300 staff;.
Handle incoming and outgoing calls, including distribution;.
Coordinate meetings, including booking of conference rooms with breakfast/light refreshment;.
Handle general administrative duties, including office supplies ordering; prepare monthly cost reports for the Administration Manager;.
Company Background:       TVBI Company Limited is a worldwide operating arm of Television.
distributors of Chinese-language programmes. TVBI’s business includes.
telecast & programme licensing, overseas pay TV business, channel.
licensing, video licensing, cross-media business & international.
Title:        Contract Administrative Assistant (3 Aug, 2005 – 1 Mar, 2006).
Provide general office administrative duties for the company, including office supplies ordering, arranging maintenance services for all office equipment;.
Handle intensive travel arrangements for company staffs and artists, including air-ticket booking, hotel reservation and visa application;.
Handle annual tender on corporate travel agency and corporate insurance.Paulson & Co Inc. (Asia Office): Investor Relations HK Assistant / HK Office Manager June 2012 to Present.
General office administration & managing the day to day running of Asia Office;.
Liaising with Paulson Accounts Dept in UK office on accounts payable & receivables;.
Liaising & negotiating with service providers such as Medical Insurance Companies, IT related issues, phone lines; Broadband services, mobile services, Bloomberg services etc;.
Coordinating with external vendors & sourcing alternative comparable vendors;.
Liaising with external Compliance service providers on compliance issues & Annual Audits;.
Liaising with IFC Property Management & Building Management contractors;.
Handled the renovation of Asia Office and follow up with contractors;.
Arranging regular monthly business trips for Asia Investor Relations Team to Asia countries;.
Arranging Annual SALT Road Shows which include UK / USA Teams ( meetings, hotels, travel etc);.
Occasionally required to travel with the Teams to overseas events;.
Liaise with Fund Administrators, Co. Secretary and Auditors;.
Liaise with Investors on Fund Related issues, IFS Portal issues;  • Updated INTRALINKS and SATUIT database systems;.
Weekly PE team meeting minutes (simplified Chinese for Chairman Office); Co-Investor meeting minutes;.
Arrange Investment Committee meetings in Macau/HK; arrange LP events;.
Liaise with Fund Administrators, Co. Secretary and Auditors;.
Organizing Travel arrangements including flight, car transfer and hotel bookings; expenses claims.
Organizing Team travel, Roadshow arrangements (flights, car transfer and hotel bookings; expenses claims).
Carico Holdings Limited (HK Stock-729.HK)  ( Name changed to FDG EVEHICLES )                                 Hong Kong.
2007 – 2008 Executive Assistant to Managing Director / Office Manager.
• Payroll & MPF administration for Carico HK and its subsidiary company (China, Japan).
1989. Japanese College for Foreign Study – Tourism, Translation                                                   Tokyo, Japan.
LANGUAGES  : English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Japanese, Fukienese (Taiwan).
SKILLS  : Windows Office Applications, Chinese Typing (simplified & traditional), Japanese typing.
REFERENCES  : Mr. James Wong - Paulson & Co Inc. USA, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations.
Mr. Chen Fan - Standard Chartered Bank Private Equity, Managing Director & Global Head of Greater China.A Flat A, G/F Rear Block, 58 Village Road, Happy Valley, Hong Kong.
Experienced Executive Assistant gained from MNCS for global financial services industry over 13 Years.  I bring extensive experience in providing administrative support to senior management from group / regional office, as well as experience in handling all aspects of office and family matters.
I am highly motivated, confident individual with exceptional multi-tasking and organizational skills.  Able to exhibit confidentiality, discretion, tact, diplomacy and professionalism when dealing with directors or senior managements.  Possessing a proven ability to help my executives to make the best use of their time by dealing with their secretarial and administrative tasks.
Office management, extensive travel coordination, family matters supporting.
Excellent skill in MS Office, V-lookup, Pivot Table and mail merge.
Fluent in English and Cantonese, and conversational Mandarin.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, OS, Adobe Photoshop and Workday/ Peoples.
Everest Capital Associations Limited [Period: Feb – Apr 2017].
Personal Assistant to Managing Partner (Nationality: Chinese).
Reporting to the Managing Partner for secretarial support and office management.
Mange Daily itineraries, appointment schedules & Travel Plans.
Maintain the application for the BVI companies and bank accounts setup (10+ within 3 Months).
Office supplies vendors procurement and facilities purchasing.
Undertake purchase/ maintenance contracts of company facilities.
Work with the property management and landlord for general maintenance of tenancy, leasing and issues (both business and private properties).
Manage the simple accounting records, prepare Expenses report and reimbursement arrangement in both business / household expenses.
1:1 support cozy family office office management  family support.
JARDINE MATHESON LIMITED replacement for sick leave secretary  [Period: Feb – May 2016].
Temporary Secretary to Managing Director (Nationality: British).
One of the secretaries to serve a businessman and his family.
Participate in managing public relation and social events.
Document and distribute board-meeting minutes in a timely manner to ensure that all meetings are time-efficient.
Mange daily itineraries, appointment schedules & travel plan for the Director.
Process the visas for Director and his family plus the working visa for the domestic helper when family trip is needed.
Prepare Expenses report and reimbursement arrangement in both business / household expenses.
Maintain the working schedule for the company and family drivers.
Executive Assistant to Human Resources Director, International (Nationality: Australian Lady).
Secretarial support to the Director of International Human Resources Team (Nationality: Austrian) who overseeing the Human Resources (HR) functions across the business in Asia Pacific, Europe and the US.  She lead the full spectrum of Human Resources (HR) functions such as Human Capital Strategy, end to end HR Service delivery, performance management, rewards and recognition, diversity, recruiting, employee relations and M&A.
Mange daily itineraries, appointment schedules & travel plans.
Liaise and coordinate the meetings and video-conference with leadership team & group executives from Australia.
Prepare Expenses report and reimbursement arrangement for the Director and team heads.
Payment requisition / purchasing order for external bill and annual fee Settlement.
Organize workshops & conferencing events in Hong Kong; onsite visit to keep track on (within 20-50 attendees).
1:1 support / extensive traveler Personal support   Team Size: 50+ team members.
Project Secretary to Area Head of Human Resources (Nationality: Australian).
Reporting to the Area Head of Human Resources (Nationality: Australian) who Responsible for the Special Project which was completed on July 2013.
Reporting to the Area Head of Human Resources and secretarial support to special project team.
Mange Daily itineraries, appointment schedules & weekly travel plans to Greater China and Asia Pacific.
Prepare Expenses report and reimbursement arrangement, payment requisition for external bill and annual fee settlement.
Coordinate the Grand opening event including the Businessmen and executives from the China Government.
Logistic coordination and relocation/ mobility services for the new hires (VISA Application, Accommodation search, Bank A/C setup).
Formulate, draft, review and implement the company policies and procedures with the HR director.
Office supplies vendors procurement and facilities purchasing.
Handle renovation, fit-out works and facilities maintenance for the new setup offices.
Undertake purchase/ maintenance contracts of company facilities.
Work with the property management and landlord for general maintenance of tenancy, leasing and issues.
Secretarial support to the CEO of Group Partnership Distribution (Nationality: British) who Responsible for the Group Partnership Distribution which covered with Direct Marking, Bancassurance and High Net Worth Businesses.
  Mange daily itineraries, appointment schedules & weekly travel plans to AP for the CEO.
 Liaise and coordinate the meetings with Exco members & CEOs.
Prepare expenses report and reimbursement arrangement, payment requisition for external bill and annual fee settlement.
1:1 support / extensive traveler Personal support   Travel Plans for 14 team members.
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT (TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENT) [Period: May 2010 – Jul 2012].
Temporary Personal Assistant to VP & Managing Director/ 1:1 (Nationality: British).
Temporary Executive Assistant to Regional General Counsel/ 1:1 (Nationality: Chinese).
Leave Reason: Short term contract during the M&A Transaction.
Project Assistant (Personal Assistant) for Group Actuarial Consultant/ 1:1 (Nationality: Chinese).
ZURICH SERVICES (HONG KONG) LTD [Period: Jan 2008 – Jan 2010].
Administrative Officer (Personal Assistant) for Regional Asia Pacific Office (Nationality: French).
Manage daily itineraries. weekly travel plans and VISA applications.
Logistics arrangement for various Visitors with external service providers.
Organize workshops & cocktails events and onsite visit to keep track on.
Prepare PowerPoint presentation, business data reports for the Asia Team, payment requisition and reimbursement arrangement etc….
1:1 support / extensive traveler Personal support   Travel Plans for 2 department heads.
Leave Reason: Team restructured and relocated to Singapore.
AIG – AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL UNDERWRITERS LTD [Period: Sep 2005 – Jan 2008].
Marketing Secretary for General Insurance Office (Nationality: Chinese).
Contract Supplies Supervisor II to Head of Store Management Division (Nationality: Chinese).8 Shan Yin Road, Tai Po mobile 6386 6732 godivatse@hotmail.com.
Personal Assistant to both CIO & COO, managing their entire realm of business and personal matters.  Assisted all Managing Directors for business travel; coordinated all staff visa and HR matters, such as insurance claims.
Worked closely with CFO on expenses and related budgeting items.
Managed all aspects of office including vendor contracts for cleaning, pest control, stationary and pantry.
Coordinated one-off special projects for COO including multiple office expansions.
Provide and manage secretarial services across a wide range of client types and needs. This often including coordinating external vendors and service providers.
Generate monthly reports internally including service usage and ensure timely invoicing and payments.
Started as Guest Services Officer, promoted first to Concierge and then to Assistant Concierge reporting to Chief Concierge.
Full range of guest facing duties, many ad hoc.  Also responsible over time for preparing staff duty roster, organizing staff training sessions, and liaising with other departments within the organization.
Guest Services Agent, Executive Floor; August 2000 ~ September 2003.
Initially joined as Reservations Sales Agent and promoted in 2002 to Executive Floor Guest Services where I provide a wide range of secretarial and concierge related services to executive guests of the hotel.
REFERENCES  ALLAN BEDWICK, GUARD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED.
To find an executive support role, potentially managing a small office and extensive internal and external small project management.
Native Cantonese speaker, fluent in English; conversational in Mandarin and Spanish.
Practical experience and additional course work in Outlook, Word, Excel &.
Advanced Diploma in Spanish as Foreign Language, September 2007.A challenging career as a Manager with a progressive company that will effectively utilize acquired expertise and experience.
Human Resources and Administrative Professional with more than 20 years as a Corporate Office Manager, and Personal Assistant.  Dynamic individual with expertise in multi-cultural environment of the International Law Firm, Fortune 500, Professional.  Proficient in staff training and supervision, office logistics, workflow streamlining, executive management support, event planning, travel arrangement, logistics, internship, relocation, expatriate employment/work visa application, appointment scheduling and confidential project supervision.
Experienced in Office fitting-out projects, renovations, and new business set up including property management and premises searching.
Expertise in lease and contract negotiation, inventory control, infrastructure reorganization, marketing event/workshop planning, record keeping and file management.  Human resources related compensation and benefits package.  Quick learner with an ability to rapidly achieve organizational integration, assimilate job requirements simultaneously.  Resourceful in resolving emerging problems.
Strong communication, interpersonal, intuitive, administrative, organizational, problem solving and leadership skills.  Multi-tasking and proven ability to work efficiently in both independent and team environments.  Skilled in the use of MS Windows, Excel, Power point and Words.  Close to Native English and fluent Mandarin.  Excellent in administrative and secretarial support to the top management.  Experienced liaison to global subsidiaries requiring ability to ensure work continuity and accountability.
ADDLESHAW GOODARD LLP (UK Law Firm)                                                 March 2014 – April 2017 OFFICE MANAGER (Head of Administration & Human Resources).
Firm size of 1,500+ with offices in UK, Middle-East, Singapore and Hong Kong.
Oversee the smooth operation of HK office (with 50 fee-earners and support staff).
Lead and manage the team of 8 of Support and Facilities Division.
Close daily collaboration with UK counterparts – Security Division, Human Resources (Recruitment, leave administration and employer and employee tax filings, Annual Returns), IT Service and Operations Team, Risk & Compliance (Office Insurance, Professional Indemnity - ESSAR, Group.
Medical, Employee Compensations and Travel Insurance, renewal of solicitors certificate, Law Society compliance and IRD related tax reporting), Central Procurement and Finance (account payable and receivables) to provide and maintain quality service to our staff in HK.
Formulate, implement, review and enhance office administration policies and procedures and work closely with Health & Safety manager in the UK.
Maintain health and safety in the workplaces including DSE, IAQ assessments.
Liaise with landlord and building management in relation to office lease, air-condition supply, maintenance and facilities etc.
In charge of Office security and administration, telephone system, and other office equipments.
Recently completed an office expansion/renovation project and worked closely with UK Project team, IT Service team and contractor/nominated sub-contractors and landlord.
Other duties include office / travel arrangements, annual budgeting and other ad hoc duties as assigned.
Coordinate with UK-HR Shared Services department with new hire administration including email account set, IT equipment supply.
Responsible for new hire induction, orientation process including health & safety, First Aids box and DSE assessment and Business Continuity Plan.
First point of contact of IT equipments set up and related upgrades.
Renewal of staff employment and IANG visas and responsible for expatriate staff tax clearance.
CPD Administrator responsible for application and follow through the approval procedures of the accredited trainings with The Law Society of Hong Kong.
Event Planning and Management including client cocktails, CPD in house training, Law Fair and firm’s group functions – Xmas dinner and mid-year firm’s event.
Ensure the effectiveness of full range of Human Resources roles including C&B and staff recruitment; office administrative duties, including but not limited to office management, facilities management, office maintenance, insurances including employee compensation, medical & dental, office content, and professional indemnity insurances.
Oversee new office renovation projects including project scheduling, space planning, project monitoring including procurement of furniture and computer hardware.
To review and negotiate office premises and leasing related matters.
Manage and implement full procurement process and ensure the compliance of Company’s requirements.
Develop, review and streamline company policies, guidelines and regulations   Prepare and monitor the group’s budget for general office administrative services.
Organize complex international travel arrangements for senior executives.
Monitor and control of the company’s invoicing, billing processes and aging reports.
Coordinate board and executive meetings including meeting agenda and minutes.
In charge of the planning and scheduling of the group’s executive coaching sessions, conference and events with our marketing team.
EDWARDS WILDMAN PALMER (International Law Firm) May 2011 – July 2013 OFFICE MANAGER (Head of Administration & Human Resources).
Firm size of 650+staff worldwide with 14 offices in HK, London and the United States.
Oversee the smoothing running of HK office (with 25+ professional fee-earners and supporting staff) human resources and administration operations, including talent recruitment, administration of C&B policies, office and employee insurances, professional indemnity, MPF, recognition, performance evaluation, employee relations and communications.
Update and maintenance of HR net (information system), sickness and attendance records, contract review and other related operating policies and procedures.
Review and update all HR policies and procedures, employee handbook and Business Continuity Plan.  In charge of the office security system, telephone system, and other office equipments.
Provide induction and orientation to new hires including supporting staff, interns and trainee solicitors.
Facilities management including office relocation/fitting out projects to 7,000 sq office at The Center.
Leading a team of 7 administrative/secretarial and IT staff.
Monitor in-house training (accredited training provider), CPD administration and filing in compliance with the requirements of The Law Society of Hong Kong.
Administration of the Library – Procurement, subscriptions and updating related duties.
Marketing and Event Management including client cocktail party, company functions, Partners’ retreat including premium sourcing, e-invitation, sponsorship events and other marketing initiatives.
THE MRI CHINA GROUP (EXECUTIVE SEARCH AND CONSULTANCY GROUP)  2006 – May 2011.
Group size of 250+staff with 9 offices in HK, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia and Macau.
Manage overall office administration and human resources functions including the insurances, C&B for the entire group.
Responsible for all round Human Resources functions - recruitment, compensation & benefits, staff orientation and training, expatriate employment visa and expatriate relocations.
Formulate and implement company's policy and procedures for HK and other offices in China and Asian region.
Periodic review of service provider contract and maintenance contract for cost effectiveness.
Procurement of office equipments, furniture, IT related hardwares/softwares.
Facilities management including office relocation, renovations and fitting out projects in HK, Macau and China.
Manage and maintain the office security system, telephone system, and other office equipments.  Travel arrangement for executive staff and VIPs.
Head of HR & Admin Department leading a team of 5 administrative staff including Regional IT Manager.
Planning and organizing of company functions and regional conferences.
IMAGIC SYSTEMS LTD (DEVELOPER & PROVIDER OF MULTIMEDIA SOLUTION)  2005 - 2005.
PERSONAL ASSISTANT TO CHAIRMAN (CHINESE AND JUSTICE OF PEACE).
Provide executive level administrative support to the Chairman including correspondence, diary management, travel arrangements and personal investment portfolio.
CONCORD CAMERA HK LTD (NASDAQ LISTED – CAMERA MANUFACTURER)  2002 - 2004.
Personal Assistant to the Managing Director - Provided day-to-day secretarial and administrative support including screening/drafting of email, correspondence, and translation of documents.  Diary management and travel arrangements.
Responded to internal and external communications and render assistance in preparation of business proposal and presentations.
Provided full range of administrative and secretarial support to the Chairman & CEO.
Human Resources functions including executive staff and internship recruitment, stock options, debentures, relocation, executive staff benefits entitlement.
Head of Office Administration Department – leading a team of 6 staff including driver. Reviewed and negotiated business contracts/agreements with travel agent, hotels, service providers, landlord and property management.
Maintained, formulated and implemented Administration policies and procedures.
Responsible for all aspect office administration activities, space planning and facilities management.
Organized major company events, such as seminar, Christmas party, annual dinner and social functions.
Developed of the Administration database, corporate website and production of quarterly staff newsletter.
ACNIELSEN (CHINA) LIMITED (WORLD’S LEADING MARKET RESEARCH)  1999 - 2001.
Responsible for all aspect office administration activities and facilities management.
Undertook ad-hoc project assigned by the management, e.g. all-round cost-savings exercise of discretionary costs and introduction of energy management to the company.
Developed and implemented office policies, procedures and formulated security policies.
Developed Intranet network, e-buy stationery system for the whole company.
Leading 2 Departments – Office Administration and Report Production Department. Leading a team of 14 administration staff.
ACNIELSEN (CHINA) LIMITED (WORLD’S LEADING MARKET RESEARCH)  1999 - 2001.
(Promoted to Administration Manager of Hong Kong Office in 2000).
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY TO PRESIDENT (AMERCIAN) – ASIA PACIFIC.
Prioritized the expatriate President’s daily appointments, business commitments including management committee meetings, conferences meetings in 14 offices within the Asia Pacific region.
Provided broad range of personal, administrative, secretarial support to the top management and ensured smooth running of the executive office in the absence of the President.
Provided minutes-taking at the monthly Management Committee meetings, email-administration, and independent correspondence.
Rendered assistance to the Corporate Communications and Business Development Departments including and not limited to public relations, press releases, press conference, product launch and insight staff newsletter production.
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO SALES & MARKETING DIRECTOR (CHINESE).
Provided spectrum range of marketing, administrative and secretarial support to marketing director.  Major responsibilities included corresponding to customer enquiries, ad-hoc projects, procurement of all marketing related materials, and travelling arrangements and coordination with 4 overseas offices.
Assisted in compiling marketing proposals, tender preparation, presentation materials (in English and Chinese) and responsible for marketing and public relation activities - events/conferences, trade shows, exhibitions.
GOLDMAN SACHS (TOP INVESTMENT BANKING – IBD DIVISION)  1998 - 1998.
SENIOR SECRETARY AND NIGHT SECRETARY TO BANKERS (GERMAN, KOREAN AND.
AMERICAN) OF INVESTMENT BANKING & RESEARCH DIVISIONS  (TEMPORARY).
Provided spectrum range of administrative and secretarial support to bankers of both Investment Banking and Research Divisions.  Major responsibilities included corresponding to enquiries, screening of telephone calls and coordinate with audio conferencing meetings.
Provided guests and visitors greeting, coordinate company visits for bankers and their supporting executives.
Assisted in T&E reimbursements and trip reports for IBD bankers.
SEA-LAND LOGISTICS (CHINA) LTD (SEA-LAND GROUP/LOGISTICS)  1996 - 1998.
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO GENERAL MANAGER, REGIONAL OFFICE (AMERCIAN).
Provided spectrum range of office administration and secretarial support to expatriate MD and his team of 7 (multi-nationalities) both in Hong Kong and Shanghai offices.
Major responsibilities included minutes taking, correspondence, email and internet administration, coordinating meetings, logistics and travelling arrangements.
Assisted the team in compiling marketing proposals, tender preparation, bilingual presentation materials and conduct market research/survey, marketing activities and ad-hoc project.
Rendered assistance in translation of documents (Chinese/English vice versa).
Procurement of office supplies, office equipment, systems and facilities maintenance in compliance of office safety requirements.
Provided assistances with overseas colleagues on ad-hoc projects.
SENIOR SECRETARY II TO EXPATRIATE PARTNERS (BRITISH AND CHINESE).
Provided spectrum range of office administration and secretarial support to two Audit Partners.  Major responsibilities included minutes taking, drafting correspondence and audio typing.
Arrangement of tight meeting schedules and appointments, travelling arrangements.
Rendered assistance in compiling of financial reports, training materials, proposals, proofreading etc.
Responsible for the roster of holiday villa and pleasure junk of the partner.
JOHNSON ELECTRIC HOLDINGS LIMITED (HK-LISTED MANUFACTURER) 1985- 1988 EXECUTIVE SECRETARY TO DIRECTOR (AMERCIAN CHINESE).
Major responsibilities included preparation of minutes of meeting, agenda, and circular, scheduling of meetings and appointments.
Provided overall administration and secretarial support to the top management and assistance to professional bodies (architects, engineers and project manager) in related to the plant development/construction projects both in Taipo Industrial Estate and the PRC during the planning stage and upon the completion of the projects.
NAPIER UNIVERSITY (Edinburgh, United Kingdom) December 2002.
Institute of Administrative Management, United Kingdom February 1999 Advanced Diploma in Administrative Management.
Educated in the United Kingdom for secondary and matriculation studies.
Occupational Health for Office Workers including Display Screen Equipment (DSE) assessment.
Certificate of Professional Mediator Training (Hong Kong Mediation Center)- Sept 2012.
Advanced & Certificate in Business Communications & Eloquent Skills - Aug 2012.
Understanding the Business Risk of the New Race Discrimination Ordinance in HK - Nov 2008.
Hong Kong Employment Law Risks during an Economic Downturn - Dec 2008.
Confidential Information, Employee Misconduct; Post-employment Restrictions - May 2007.
Well versed in Hong Kong Labour Ordinance, C&B and MPF regulations.
MS Office (Words, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio) and Visual software.
Website design applications including Macromedia Dreamweaver, Flash and Fireworks.To begin my career by being a part of a leading group to hone my financial and investment skills and to pave a career for myself in this path while developing a strong business acumen. I have a strong desire for a challenging career which will broaden my analytical, critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Sponsorship Member of Kebajikan Anak Yatim (KEBATIM), 2013/2014.
Participant of Indian Dance Competition in Festival Kesenian Universiti Malaya (FESENI), 2014.
Anugerah Program Permata for Additional Mathematics (school level), 2011.
Represented secondary school in national level choir competition, 2009.
Tamil Selvi Agency @Zurich Insurance Malaysia Berhad (Ipoh Branch).
Excellent command in English, Bahasa Melayu and Punjabi (SPM, A-).
Proficient in Microsoft Excel 2013 (Business Computing Course, B+), Microsoft Word and Powerpoint.Maggie is an experienced Executive Assistant with office management capabilities.  She has solid skills and experience in organising office operations and procedures, including scheduling meeting and appointments; booking travel and accommodation; organising company events; managing office/expense budgets; dealing with complaints and queries; implementing and maintaining procedures/office administrative systems; managing and approving supply requisitions and assigning and monitoring clerical functions.  In particular, Maggie is reliable, adaptable and has excellent organisational skills, with an ability to communicate, negotiate and build relationships across the business.
Prophet Branding Consultancy  -  Executive Assistant                    June 2016 – Aug 2017.
Admin and clerical duties including calendar management, travel bookings and expenses (1 Senior Partner & 3 Partners (Expat).
Office Operations: Vendor Management, stationary ordering, meeting room management; supporting recruitment team for office functions and expense management; client/internal events management; marketing support (website, social media, events).  Also supported office relocation project.
Oaktree Capital (HK) Limited  -  Executive Assistant (Temporary)                                                March 2015 - July 2015.
Admin and clerical duties including calendar and travel management (team of 6) including MD Legal and legal invoice tracking.
EXS Capital Limited   -  Executive Assistant, Alternative Investment Division                                                   October 2013 - October 2014.
Admin and clerical duties including calendar Management, travel bookings and expenses (CEO and the team of 5) and supported development of financial report, pitch book & deal presentations and other reports, including project tracking list for weekly internal meetings.
Organized CEO for conference panels and attendance and manage all professional seminars and networking events for executive team (including SFC exams and compliance).
Marquee Asia Limited   -  Executive Assistant/Office Manager                              June 2008 - September 2013.
Office Management including providing sales and administrative support; expense management and implementing and maintaining procedures and office administrative systems.  Also performed research (ie market and product research).
Admin and clerical duties including: monitoring and managing email and other correspondence for Managing director.
Supported customer engagements for new business with director and assisted in relationship building with clients.
Admin and clerical support to the Japanese sales manager (Translated English to Japanese, Cantonese to Japanese).
Liaised with factory personnel including solving emergency problems for key accounts (Japan office); gathered and analyzed statistical data and generated daily, compiled weekly and monthly reports and processed incoming orders, coordinated shipments, handled customer-related issues and prepared business development/marketing materials.
Hunderly Development Limited  -  Assistant to Director                 March 2005 - July 2006.
Admin and clerical support to Managing Director (Mandarin speaker on a day-to-day basis in relation to clients, vendors and internal staff; handled and responded to price quotation queries; processed purchase orders and coordinated shipments and performed document translation (English to Chinese).
Accompanied and supported the Managing Director at meetings in Japan, Europe, South-east Asia, and Mainland China and provided logistic and support to overseas customer while they visited factories in Dong Guan and Shanghai.
OTN COMPANY LIMITED (Tokyo/Hong Kong)  -  Sales Assistant             December 2002 - December 2004.
Supported the Sales Manager as his personal assistance including calendar, travel and expenses and implemented new production procedures while maintaining schedule accuracy.
Education: YMCA International College (Japan) - Japanese Language Certificate (Conversational)                   2001 - 2003.
York University (Toronto, Canada) – BA Econ (Yr.1)        1997 - 1998.
Breamar International College – High School Diploma (Toronto, Canada)      1996 - 1997.
Skills:  All Windows and OS operating systems, Microsoft Word, Excel, CRM.
Language: English, Japanese, Mandarin, Cantonese  Interests:  Digital Marketing, Event planning, Traveling, Fashion.  Provide prompt, efficient and courteous customer service.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Publisher), Adobe Photoshop.
& Adobe After Effect (Produce and edit video, creating icon and symbol for organization, designing posters, banner, infographics, flyers).
Excellent Written and Verbal Communication Skills in Bahasa Malaysia and English.
Organizer/ Secretariat/ Emcee of KPI Brainstorming Session 2017 organize by Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI) at Hotel Avillion Legacy, Melaka  (10 November – 12 November 2016).
Secretariat of MOSTI Research Officer Briefing Program held at Parliament of Malaysia (4 November 2016).
Secretariat of KPI Unit annual meeting with Secretary General, Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI).
Assistant Director of Projek Seminar Pendidikan Kebangsaan (PROSPEK), UM (2016).
*PROSPEK is a national level education oriented program aimed to provide early exposure to students who will pursuing studies in Universities.
Floor Representative / Jawatankuasa Tindakan Kolej (JTK), 4th Residential College, University of Malaya (2016).
Committee of Persatuan Mahasiwa Perak (PEMARAK), University Malaya (2015).
Committee of Kursus Kepimpinan Bestari (KKB) & Minggu Keluaraga Bestari (MKB),.
UM Cares, Care 4 All organized by 4th Residential College, University Malaya (2015).
Secretariat of Economics Interaction week (I-Week), Faculty of Economic and.
Deputy Committee Chairman of Persatuan Ekonomi Universiti Malaya (PEKUMA), Faculty of Economic and Administration, University of Malaya (2014).
President of SMIS Pre- University Association, SMK Iskandar Shah, Perak (2012).
President of Red Crescent Society, SMK Iskandar Shah, Perak (2012).
Monitoring KPI system and reporting KPI performance to top management of the Ministry, Performance & Management Delivery Unit (PEMANDU), Prime Minister’s Department (JPM) and Public Service Department (JPA).
Analyzing and researching on relevance of current KPI and proposing new KPI’S in line with Ministry mission and vision.
Assisting in coordinating input obtain in delivering KPI MOSTI, KPI PEB, KPI KSU.
Assisting in coordinating events, meetings regarding KPI’S.
Providing part-time tutor for secondary school student for the preparation of upcoming examination.
Monitoring KPI system and reporting KPI performance to top management of the Ministry, Performance & Management Delivery Unit (PEMANDU), Prime Minister’s Department (JPM) and Public Service Department (JPA).
Analyzing and researching on relevance of current KPI and proposing new KPI’S in line with Ministry mission and vision.
Assisting in coordinating input obtain in delivering KPI MOSTI, KPI PEB, KPI KSU.
Assisting in coordinating events, meetings regarding KPI’S.
Providing part-time tutor for secondary school student for the preparation of upcoming examination.
Comparative Political Strategies for Economic and Business Development.
KPI Unit, Level 3, Block C5, Complex C, Federal Administrative Centre 62662, Putrajaya Tel: 03-8885 8872.
KPI Unit, Level 3, Block C5, Complex C, Federal Administrative Centre 62662, Putrajaya Tel: 03-8885 8872._______________________________________________________________________________.
Manage Bankers’ calendar, set up calls, coordinate on boarding for the new bankers and adhoc administrative work.
April 2015 – June 2016 Invesco Hong Kong Ltd., Executive Secretary.
Provide secretarial support to the Regional Head of Institutional Alternatives & investment Solutions.
Manage the calendar for the Regional Head, co-ordinate meetings, set up conference calls and other logistics with worldwide offices.
Provide secretarial support to the Head of Institutional Sales, APAC and his team.
Co-ordinates travel logistic and complete travel expenses claims as well as adhoc administrative work.
Provide secretarial support to Head of Corporate Coverage Asia Pacific, and his management team.
Manage complex calendar, co-ordinate meetings, set up conference calls and other logistics with worldwide offices.
Co-ordinates travel logistic and complete travel expense claims.
Secretary to CFO Asia and an internal auditor, Regional office.
Manage the CFO calendar and coordinate meetings and set up conference calls with different regions.
Coordinates travel logistic, adhoc travel requests, expenses claims.
PA to Head of Investment Management APAC/Head of Investment Suitability APAC, Wealth Management.
Managed the calendar of the MD, and liaise internal and global offices for meetings set up.
Coordinate logistic for business travels for the MD, and complete travel expense claims.
Provided administrative support to the teams and assisted teammate relocation.
April 2010 – Dec. 2012 J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Ltd., Executive Assistant.
Assistant to Chairman, Managing Director of Global Markets, China.
Manage the calendar of the Chairman, and liaise internal and global offices and external companies for meetings and conference calls.
Coordinate logistics for business travels for the Chairman, clients and team travel arrangements and complete travel expense claims.
Coordinate and liaise with different departments within the company and vendor to set up meetings, luncheons and deal with other administrative duties.
Support overseas visitors and manage meetings arrangements.
Personnel on-boarding and off-boarding including manage the logistics for new staff.
Provided secretarial support to the Electronic Clients Solution team and Prime Brokerage team with over 15 teammates.
April 2009 – Dec. 2009  Barclays Capital Asia Ltd., Analyst / Executive Assistant.
Assistant to 5 Managing Directors by managing their calendars and liaising internally with global offices and external companies for meetings and conference calls.
Provided secretarial and administrative support to 5 trading desks, namely, Equities Derivatives, Cash Equities, Prime Services, Convertible Bonds and Fixed Income with over 30 teammates of Director and VP levels.
Made travel arrangements, expenses claims and payment reports for the professionals.
Personnel on-boarding and off-boarding including manage the logistics for new staff.
Dec. 2007 – Dec.2008  J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Ltd., Secretary.
Provided secretarial & administrative support to the Investment Banking Dept., Greater China team.
Organized and liaised with different depts. for business meetings and conference calls for bankers.
Arranged travel logistics, expenses claims and payment reports for bankers.
Nov. 2005 – Sept. 2007 Lehman Brothers Asia Ltd., Administrative Assistant.
Assisted the senior Managing Director, Equities Asia Head/Global Opportunities Group, and teammates (SVP) relocated from Tokyo office to Hong Kong office and set up the new office.
Provided Secretarial support to senior MD, SVP and overseas visitors during their visits.
Managed MD and SVP’s calendars and liaised with global for meetings and conference calls.
Made travel arrangements, expenses claims and payment reports.
Support the Volatility Proprietary Trading desk and assist traders on trades booking in various derivative products including analyze term sheets.
Worked very closely with the Middle Office and help solve any queries regarding the trade booking.
Performed different administrative tasks for the department such as coordinating with other departments on different aspects.
July 2004 – April 2005 Amsterdam Trust Corporation (Hong Kong) Ltd.  Administrator.
Provided day-to-day administrative, accounting, and secretarial support to the Managing Director.
Prepared Monthly reports such as bank reconciliation, sales report and expenses report.
Responsible for daily correspondence with the overseas offices and draft correspondence.
Performed corporate secretarial duties for the Hong Kong,   and  companies.
Assisted the overseeing of Joint venture in Hong Kong, and report to the Managing Director of any issues arising when she is outside of  on business.
Nov. 2003 – May 2004  JP Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Ltd., JPM Asset Management, Contract.
Provided trade support for the Unit Trust Operations Department.
Responsible for trade settlement, funds redemption, FX arrangement.
Handle and manage clients’ data, and activation of new accounts.
Feb. 2003 – Sept. 2003  Citic Capital Markets Holdings Ltd., Administrative Assistant.
Prepared reports for each departments cost expenditure and bill settlement.
May 1998 – December 2001 TD Waterhouse Investor Services (H. K.) Ltd., New York/Hong Kong.
(Current named as DBS Vickers Securities) Business Development Officer.
Organized investor relations programs such as investment exhibition, seminars, road shows, and company visits to establish a closer relationship with customers and to promote the company’s products and services.
Liaised with different departments for investigation on unsettled trade and tasks.
Handle inquiries from customers on company’s products & services in an effective & efficient manner.
Delivered quality services to customers on the telephone, in writing and at meetings.
Coordinate projects such as web-broker and Wap phone system for test implementation.
Prepared statistical data from system testing for analyst use.
Demonstrated the company’s web-broker system to new users in in-house seminars.
Responsible for writing workflow procedure and provided on-the-job training for the new staff.
Solid experience in Sales and Marketing such as new account acquisition, projects coordination and customer services.
TD Waterhouse Investor Services Inc., New York City, USA, Broker Trainee.
Reviewed market news and collected data for business analysis.
Administered applications for new accounts and compiled reports.
BBA in Finance & Investment (Full time), The Bernard M. Baruch College, City University of New York, USA, 1998.
Computer Software:  MS word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lotus Notes system,.A reliable, pleasant, flexible, independent, presentable and self-motivated person seeks for tackling more new challenges and to translate my qualifications, expertise and skills into long-term commitment in a well-established, flexible and desirable company and work along with intellectual and cheerful boss to excel together and reach career heights.
Possess 14 years solid working experience as Executive Assistant/ Personal Assistant to serve senior management in MNC/ Financial institutions/ sizable listed companies.
Excellent time management skill and strong ability to prioritize tasks.
Good coordination on extensive worldwide travel arrangements and boss’s daily diaries.
Self-initiative, detailed-minded with good analytical, problem solving skills.
Fast-learner and capable of maintaining reliability and flexibility under pressure.
Strong interpersonal sensitivity and good communication skill in liaising with different level of people.
Sensitive to figures, detail-oriented and resourceful in compiling reports with solid experience in preparing budgets, expenses reimbursement and financial statements and reports.
Extensive experience in drafting corporate bilingual materials/summaries/reports, prepare presentation materials, agenda and minutes taking with good dictation skill.
Hard-working and possess strong sense of responsibility and able to complete tasks efficiently and effectively.
Fidelity Limited – Eight Roads Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited.
Provide full spectrum of professional & comprehensive administrative and secretarial support to Senior Managing Partner (the top management and final decision-maker), both business & personal issues.
Handle extensive and complicated worldwide travel and accommodation arrangements.
Arrange and coordinate meetings/VC/conference calls with country heads around the world, e.g US/ UK/ Europe/ India/ Japan/ China/ Singapore/ Croatia/ other SE Asia countries etc.
Assist Sr. Managing Partner’s personal issues including but not limited to  household general administration; maids/ drivers/ captain payroll, holiday, insurance management; private luxury yacht management; private company legal filing and reporting;  settlement of monthly bills/invoices; family travels; donations; charity organization administration, etc.
Assist Sr. Managing Partner in his daily business operation, handle correspondences, reports, agreements and confidential documents.
Monitoring all office administration works at the small cozy office.
Handle and follow up expense reimbursements and various claims.
Take a leading role in organizing various worldwide corporate events, internal and external Board meetings, offsite meetings etc.,.
e.g. Grand Opening event of DeltaHealth Hospital in Shanghai, FIL annual Board Meeting, Portfolio Companies’ board meetings, Company offsite meetings in US/Japan/Vietnam, etc.
Assist in setting up and formulating the office administration workflow and guideline for company-owned new Cardiology Hospital – DeltaHealth Hospital.
Prepare company bilingual presentation materials/reports.
Work and coordinate with FIL corporate support team to ensure smooth office operation in a cost-effective manner, including office facilities, equipment procurement and maintenance, fitting-out works, stationery supply etc.
Supervise junior executive assistants and ensure the high quality works has been provided to another Managing Partner.
Monitor a small team of contract staff and to assist the finance team in compiling office administration budgets and expense reports.
Responsible for all document filings, BR renewals, annual returns at the Companies Registry for the Company and its subsidiaries.
Undertake any reasonable ad-hoc projects and tasks in tight schedule as assigned.
Provide full spectrum of professional & comprehensive administrative and secretarial support to the Executive Director, both business & personal issues.
Manage daily meetings, workflows and coordinate appointments with internal and external parties.
Conduct feasibility study for HK property market & compile reports.
Responsible for Director’s household administration & staff management.
Act as Office Manager and responsible for competent office management.
Lippo Securities Limited (Subsidiary of Lippo Group - HK Stock Code:226).
Provide full spectrum of professional & comprehensive administrative and secretarial support to the Head of Institutional Sales, both business and personal issues.
Responsible for HR & admin functions include junior staff recruitment, employment, leave record maintenance, administrative operation, etc.
Handle & coordinate projects among business associates & professional parties.
Manage and maintain the Head’s contact list of investors, fund managers, analysis, bankers, auditors, lawyers and government officials in HK & overseas.
Prepare vouchers, budget and expenses claims for the whole IS team.
(property development and investment company in PRC – HK Stock Code: 164).
(property development and construction company – HK Stock Code: 711).
Provide full spectrum of comprehensive secretarial support to ED, both business & personal.
Assist in supervising the supporting departments by preparing summary of monthly evaluation reports.
Participate in marketing event for leasing/ sale of property.
Conduct internal feasibility studies of potential project in Middle East real estate market and made suggestions for relevant investment opportunities.
Participate in corporate development projects as assigned, and taking a leading role in some of them.
Multi-language communication with institutions and business partners.
Handle the full set of conveyancing files and prepare all legal documents for the leasing/ sale and purchase of properties.
Negotiate with the counterparty lawyer on the legal documents based on Partner’s comment.
Meet client at various stage so as to complete the transaction without risks.
Proficient in MS Outlook, Word, Excel, Power-Point, Chinese WP.2011 - 2014 Bachelor in Business Management (Hons) in Human Resource Management.
Jun 2015 - Branch Service Operations – Adecco Staffing and Outsourcing Sep 2017 Administrative Assistant – Contract Staff.
Perform master debit card stocks and stationaries monitoring.
Perform change of address and customer’s contact details for CBOL.
Monitoring delivery failure as perform enrolment for undelivered statements.
Update customer deceased and staff termination information status.
Perform chequebook maintenance as prepare chequebook order, send out as per request and change of address.
Citibank Berhad (Banking) – Adecco Staffing and Outsourcing.
Signature scanning into Eclipse and review customer’s signature to match against AOF letter forms.
Returned statements maker; time stamp and key in information into database.
Responsible for system maintenance:   Activate customer’s account.
Update  customer  deceased  and  staff  termination information.
Perform chequebook maintenance as arrange chequebook order, send out as per request and change of address.Customer Service Assistant (Two Month Contract renewable).
Customer Service Assistant (Two Month Contract renewable).
Stationed at newly-built residential villa in Happy Valley.
Provide customer service support to property sales including clients greetings, guiding show flat tour and explaining property facilities etc.
Routine checking for defects and anomalies, and report to Technical Department for repairs.
Provide executive and secretarial/administrative support to senior executive and regional management team.
Act as coordinator for activities between other Asia regional management teams.
Prepare confidential correspondence, reports and other documents.  Screen incoming calls and correspondence.
Serving two Managing Directors and teams of  MME & International Subsidiaries (total 6 ppls).
Coordinate meetings (face-to-face and video conferences) with internal country heads, including U.K head office and other regional centres.
Arrange and sorting travel itineraries as to conform with the Group budget.
Assigned to the Financial Institute Group of Global Banking.
Serving two Managing Directors and teams of PCG Coverage divisions (total:12 ppls).
Coordinate meetings (face-to-face and video conferences) with clients and internal departments, including U.K. head office and other regional centres.
Arrange and sorting travel itineraries as to conform with the Group budget.
Assist Managing Directors to compile and submit call reports to senior executives.
Senior Secretary to the managing directors and teams of Regional Property and Regional Resources Research.
Keep track of securities prices movements using Bloomberg terminal.
Arrange business appointments and video conferences with institutional investors and listed companies senior managements.
Coordinate with clients for both local and overseas site visits.
Occasionally attend interim and annual results analyst briefings.
Arrange newspaper and periodical subscriptions specifically relate to the respective sectors.
- a Hong Kong based information technology solutions provider.
- a Hong Kong based information technology solutions provider.
Arrange business appointments, staff training sessions, travel itinerary and hotel accommodations.
- a Hong Kong Stock Market listed internet service and content provider.
- a Hong Kong Stock Market listed internet service and content provider.
Team Secretary for the Corporate Development Acquisition Department.
Prepare business proposals, acquisition plans, legal documentation and corporate brochures.
Arrange business appointments and team travel arrangements.
- an US-based foreign law office specialising in merger & acquisition and commercial law.
- an US-based foreign law office specialising in merger & acquisition and commercial law.
Prepare office correspondence, letters of intent, provisional agreements, legal memoranda and contracts etc.
Keep record of solicitors’ work progress and calculate time apportionment.
- the Asia Pacific investment banking arm of Banco Santander S.A. Spain specialising in Corporate and Structured Finance.
- the Asia Pacific investment banking arm of Banco Santander S.A. Spain specialising in Corporate and Structured Finance.
Arrange daily appointments for the Managing Director as well as attending to personal matters.
Attend monthly senior management/department heads meeting and prepare minutes.
Keep track of the Group’s overall activities and report to the Managing Director.
Secretary to Director, Associate Director and Manager of Structured Finance and Syndication Department.
Prepare office correspondence and support to investment transactions.
Provide support and documentation for general administration and franchisees.
Contact members regarding returned mails, cheques and overdue accounts.
Take appropriate actions and recommendations on overdue accounts.
Proficient in Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, and Word. PC literate.Aug 2016 – May 2017 Temporary Executive Assistant to Managing Partner.
Eight Roads Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited (Fidelity).
Support a Taiwanese Managing Partner, an Australian Financial Director and Asia Finance Team.
Intensive travel and logistic arrangement, arrange meeting schedule.
Personal Assistant of the Taiwanese Managing Partner for his family.
Coordinate with events and projects (e.g. Board meetings, Hospital Grand Opening).
Personal Assistant, marketing duties and office administration.
Coordinate with social communities for events and projects (e.g. helping Hong Kong startups to meet and find angel investors).
Secretary of Administration Department, IT Department & Asset Management Team – (British, American, Korean, Singaporean, Thai, Hong Kong).
Travel arrangement, prepare presentation materials and expenses claims.
Office administration includes facilities management, office renovation, relocation and office supplies for four offices in Hong Kong.
Reception duties include greeting visitors, meeting rooms reservations, catering service, phone calls, mails and couriers.
Screened incoming calls from switchboard and managed meeting rooms reservation.
Coordinated with internal parties for special events or board meetings.
Responsible for incoming mails, deliveries and daily courier.
Office administration include monthly reports, premises and facilities maintenance, internal documentation management, general accounting and travel arrangement.
Assisted Executive Secretary to support COO and ad hoc projects.
Reason for leaving: Changed field and studied a diploma course.
Maintained smooth operation of reception, fitness centre and spa (guests booking, enquiries and cashiering duties).
Administrative support to Director include monthly reports, inventory control and complaints handling.
Nov 2001 – Jul 2004  Front of House Manager & Club Administrator.
Responsible for Staff Orientation & Training Program for operations staff.
Outstanding payment collection and representative for small claims.
Administrative and secretarial support to The Club Manager.
Office administration & HR duties included staff attendance and roster, evaluation, payroll and interviews.
Served passengers at the boarding gate and greeted arrivals.
Responsible for flight connection, hotel accommodation, compensation and routing escort for passengers.
Personal Assistant of a Malaysian Housekeeping Director including the duties of travel arrangement, daily correspondence, taking minutes and appointment scheduling.
Coordinated departmental meeting and internal staff event.
Coordinated with HR to revise Staff Handbook and Orientation Program.
Handled guest complaints or requests, VIP invitation and Loss & Found items.
Regular reporting for quality control, Profit & Loss and Labor productivity.
2009     Certificate of Practical Written Communication for Business.
2008 Foundation Certificate Programme in Business Management Subject: Economics / Accounting / Operations / Marketing /.
2006 Certificate Programme in Putonghua for Hotel (Elementary & Intermediate level).
Dec 2016     Certificate of First Aid in Hong Kong St. John Ambulance.
2012 – 2015   Fire Marshal at Carlyle Asia Investment Advisors Limited.
Dec 2005 Nominee for Employee of the Month at InterContinental Hong Kong.
2002 & 2003 Certificate of Excellence at Fitness First (Hong Kong) Limited.
Jun 2000 Five Stars Employee Award at The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong.
Computer skills   : Windows, Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook and Chinese.Work Details : → Manage secretarial duties for the company's email.
→ Manage the talents and clients (for scheduling,recording and etc) → Prepare and compile (Budget,Quotation,Invoice,Reports and Etc).
Work Title : Admin/Production Assistant (Jan2013-Jun2013) Work Details : Admin  :.
→ Organize office documents and filling → Production Assistant :.
→ Organize the paperwork (shooting schedule, letter for location).
→ Time management (reminder) → Prepare route of shooting locations.
→ Guide the crew with meals, accommodations & refreshments.
→ Research shooting location → Confirmation of Location → Prepare Meals, Refreshment.
Worked in Megakidz (mid valley) as their childcare for (6 months) after SPM.
Worked in Gina's collection in BSC (Bangsar Shopping Center) as their salesperson(3 months).
Worked part time in Murphy Oil(KLCC) as their receptionist while studying in MIIM(3 months).
Worked for Dagang edit sdn bhd for their documentary research department (3 months)._________________________________________________________________________.
18 Apr 2017 – present       Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation.
Temp Personal Assistant at International Subsidiary Banking, Commercial Banking (covering a PA on maternity leave, contract ends on 18th September, 2017).
Internal / external meeting arrangement incl. room reservation and visitor booking.
Arranging visas application incl. invitation letters, handling travel expenses claims and out of pocket expenses incl. invoice/debit note issuance.
Sending reminders to senior executives e.g. compliance e-learning due dates, visa expiry dates etc.
Liaising calls and meetings across different time zones incl. Europe, Asia and US.
Complicating and ad hoc travel arrangement with last minutes changes, travel expenses claims in compliance with bank policy, out of pocket expenses incl. invoice/debit notes issuance to customers.
Maintain and monitor CPT requirements for SFC license holders, liaise with Compliance Department on SFC licensing issues and requirement.
On/off boarding, maintaining team members contact list, business cards and stationery procurement etc.
Consolidating RSVP status for RMs on events with Marketing department.
Reason of leaving: Seeking for permanent position, current contract matures in mid Sep 2017.
________________________________________________________________________________.
May 2010   – 21 Oct 2016      Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation (6 years+) Executive Assistant at Global Banking, Infrastructure and Real Estate Department.
Reported to Department Head (British MD), 3 Directors, 2 Associate Directors and analysts (Total 8 members).
Complicating and ad hoc travel arrangement with last minutes changes, travel expenses claims in compliance with bank policy, out of pocket expenses incl. invoice/debit notes issuance to customers.
Hectic calendar management with Internal / external calls and meeting prioritizing.
Liaising calls and meetings across different time zones incl. Europe, Asia and US.
Arranging visas application incl. invitation letters, handling travel expenses claims and out of pocket expenses incl. invoice/debit note issuance.
Sending reminders to senior executives e.g. compliance e-learning due dates, visa expiry dates etc.
Maintain and monitor CPT requirements for SFC license holders, liaise with Compliance Department on SFC licensing issues and requirement.
On/off boarding, maintaining team members contact list, business cards and stationery procurement etc.
Sending reminders to senior executives e.g. compliance e-learning due dates, visa expiry date etc.
Reason of leaving:  Took a break due to family matters (to be elaborated at interview).
16 Dec 2008   –  February 2010    Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation (14 months) Temporary Project Assistant at Private Bank (Risk Management dept.).
  Audio transcription and drafting summary reports from old recording tapes between RMs and customers for investigation purpose (Legal case of Lehman Brothers).
Reason of leaving:  Contract matured after legal case completed in early January 2010.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Administrative Executive at Project Finance and Telecom Finance Team.
Dealing with travel expenses claims and out of pocket expenses.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
9 Oct 2000 – 18 Apr 2001   Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC  Temporary Assistant at Equities & Derivatives Dept.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.
Mature - proactive, introspection, self-motivated, independent.2008 – 2011 :  Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, Skudai, Johor.
Title : Agrobacterium-mediated Transformation of Melastoma decemfidum Roxb ex. Jack.
This project started on July 2010 and ended on April 2011. The objective of this research is to investigate the effect of different acetosyringone concentrations on transformation efficiency of M. decemfidum. This plant is an important medicinal plant to against illness like diarrhea, hemorrhoids, hepatitis, stomach ulcer, swelling, blood pressure, diuretic, post-partum treatment, mouth ulcer, sinusitis and toothache. This project involved molecular biology techniques such as incubation of bacteria in different medium, DNA extraction, Gel electrophoresis and PCR.
Able to use Microsoft office application         : Microsoft office word.
Work Description : In charge in Home Furnishing Department as assistant of.
Work Description : Incharge in Fresh Department act to serve customers need and.
Resume Text : I really look forward for a job. I don't mind to work from below and I am.
flexible person which can absorb anything  new work task in order to increase self.2017 – Present : Advanced Korean – Private tutor, in progress.
06/2014 – 11/2016 : School of Continuing and Professional Studies (The Chinese University of Hong Kong).
Basic Studies Certificate Programme on Secretarial Development for Import / Export Business.
26 Oct 2012 – Present  Fidelity Management & Research (HK) Ltd.
10/2008 – 4/2012 : BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited.
(Previously known as Barclays Global Investor North Asia Limited).
10/1998 – 04/2007 : The Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation.
26 Oct 2012 – Present : Fidelity Management & Research (HK) Ltd.
Provide administrative support to Head of Equity Trading-Asia, 7 traders, 1 senior legal counsel and 1 legal counsel of the firm.  Job duties including travels arrangement, T&E reports, meetings arrangement, calendars management, processing invoices and phone coverage.  Act as the main responsible person for the whole trading floor office management which including the IT team, HR team, Counterparty Risk team and the Global Data Service team.   Assist and act as main contact point to process Trading Team opening. Liaison with brokers around Asia, mainly , Taiwan & Hong Kong in order to get the necessary document to be signed before the trading desk goes live.  Work closely with Compliance Department in order to get the SFC license and to assist the trading desk opening smoothly.
Provide secretarial support to 9 bankers in the IBD floor.  Job duties including travel arrangement, T&E reports, meetings arrangement, calendars management, bankers attendance record, phone coverage and other administrative support whenever requested by the bankers.
10/2008 – 4/2012 : BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited (Previously known as Barclays Global Investor North Asia Limited).
2010-2012 (iShares Asia Pacific Marketing Team & Chairman Office).
Administer all general administrative duties in iShares Marketing Team and the Chairman of Asia Pacific Region Office (including taking notes in the meetings and prepare minutes, co-ordinations, travel arrangements, T&E reports, luncheon arrangements, etc) to the iShares Marketing Team and eBusiness Marketing Team, totally 17 team members.  Manage 3 calendars of the Management team including Head of iShares Asia Pacific Marketing (MD) and 2 directors.  Performing as a marketing assistant and render service like preparation of presentation materials for onsite and offsite events, conference and seminars.  Liaison with internal departments and external parties for meetings or events arrangement and confirmation.  Assist in processing marketing invoices, premiums/gifts records and orders.  Cross-check the iShares ETF funds fact sheets and collateral data before they can be posted in the iShares Webster for the public. Keep track and remind the team to follow through company policies and be aware of the do's and don'ts for iShares business promotion activities.
Act as Personal Assistant to Head of iShares Portfolio Management Asia ex-Japan and interim Personal Assistant to CEO of iShares Asia ex-Japan while he was travelling to  backs in 2008/9.  Administrative assistant to various iShares teams, totally over 30 people in the back office, which including Product Development Team, HR Team, iShares Market Team, Capital Markets Team, Legal & Compliance Team, Operation and Project Team and IT Team.  Provide all secretarial and administrative functions to the teams members, i.e. manage 5 team heads diaries and arrange meetings, assist in products launch preparation, arrange events/luncheons, schedule intensive business trips, hotel & flight bookings; preparation of presentation materials, manage overseas staff relocate to Hong Kong’s accommodation, preparation of travel and entertainment expense claims; booking & coordinating meetings and conference calls; and acted as Office Manager of the back office in assisting office renovation and set-up as well as provided full range of office management duties.
: Secretary to Fix Income Division (Trading Floor) – (Contract).
Secretarial coverage to 3 teams in FID Division (Asia Pacific Sales Team, Interest Rate Currency Team & Transaction Management Team, which include 2 MDs, 4 EDs, 7 VPs & another 9 team members).  Responsible for supporting all secretarial and administrative functions to the team members, i.e. arrange events/luncheons, business trips, hotel & flight bookings; preparation of travel and entertainment expense claims; booking & coordinating meetings and conference calls; collating and distributing telephone messages; coordinating team members’ relocation to and from other regions; and compiling the legal document of the Transaction Management Team for the valuable clients.  Liaison with outside legal firms for legal document process as well as keep filling of the TMG document.
10/1998 – 04/2007 : The Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation.
As Project Secretary (11/2006 – 04/2007) – Legal & Company Secretarial Department.
Provide full legal secretarial support to an in-house Legal Counsel (Malaysian Lady) and 2 legal advisors.  Render general assistance and secretarial support to other team members when necessary.  Assist the lawyers to prepare various types of legal documents and tender packages for land, property and commercial projects and producing them in a timely and efficient manner.  Contacting various parties and organizing internal and external meetings for land, property and commercial projects.  Establishing and maintaining an effective filing and reminder system compatible with the requirements of the Corporation and keeping all documents and records updated.
Render professional customer services to the passengers who use our KTT through train service.  Provide assistance to ensure the safety of the passengers.  Serve beverage items and / or souvenirs to the passengers.  Answer enquires regarding the through train service and handle complaints and / or recommendations from the passengers.
As Project Secretary (04/2004 – 06/2005) – Shatin to Central Link Project.
Act as a personal secretary to provide an all-round secretarial and administration support to the Engineering Manager (Singaporean).  Communicate and co-operate with internal and external people as well as different government departments for meetings and office matters.  Assist in prepare and update the professional document in engineering field, i.e., General Specification, Standard Specification and British Standard.  Organize conference, prepare materials for presentation, take and draft minutes, memos, letters and support services in ad hoc activities.
As Project Secretary (10/1998 – 03/2004) – West Rail Project (Tuen Mun & Siu Hong Stations).
Act as a personal secretary and document controller to provide an all-round secretarial and administration support to the Construction Manager (Senior Executive Grade), supervise 3 administrative assistants and 2 junior staff within the department in order to maintain the document and filing system are in a smooth and effective manner.  Monitor and arrange the daily routine duties for the office amah’s and drivers.  Liaison with different government departments and contractors for site visits, meetings and answer their inquiries.  Handle the enquiry hotline of the Tuen Mun and Siu Hong Stations and refer their matters to the Public Affair Department staff when necessary.  As act as a contact point with different level people amongst the site office regarding the site office administration matters.  Prepare tenders in the earlier stage of the project.  Organize conference, prepare materials for presentation and reports, take and draft minutes, memos, letters and support services in ad hoc activities.
Provide an all-round secretarial support to the expatriate Commercial Manager (British) and render secretarial services to a team of 7 senior quality surveyors in my department (all expatriates).  Duties include answer enquires phone calls, minutes taking, correspondence typing, filing, draft memos and prepare weekly and monthly reports.  (Only 10 Chinese, including me, out of 100 staff worked in the joint venture office, the rest were all expatriates.).
Computer Skills : Words, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, SharePoint, Outlook & Chinese Word Processing.
Personality : Initiative, out-going, friendly, hard working and quick learner.Secretary of Analyst team Managing Director (expatriate from US), support on both business and personal issue.
Travel arrangements (flight, hotel and visa), calendar management for Analyst team.
Generate daily and monthly reports, documentary support to Product Development team.
Handle HR issue - arranging interviews, submit medical claims, organize monthly and annual team building events.
Administrative support for whole office - input monthly expenses reports, maintain office supplies and reception work.
Secretary of Equity Sales team – 12 Korean expatriates, providing support on travel arrangements, calendar management and visa applications for all team members and family members.
Handle HR issue - arranging interviews, submit medical claims, MPF and tax submission • Administrative task - input monthly expenses reports, maintain office supplies and reception work.
Sales team support – handling all insurance applications and follow up.
Prepare full set accounts – book keeping, monthly Profit & Loss accounts and Balance Sheet.
Handle HR issue such as arranging interviews, commission calculation, MPF and tax submission.
Administrative task - maintain office supplies and answer clients’ enquiries.
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), major in Professional Accounting.
Qualification: LCCI Level 3 in Accounting (Pass with distinction), LCCI Level 2 in Book Keeping.
Technical Skills: MS Office (Powerpoint, Excel, Word and Outlook), basic knowledge of Bloomberg.Account & Admin Assistant at Marque Asset and Property Management Sdn Bhd (Previous).
Moritz Wellness, Desa Aman Puri / Laman Rimbunan (CELLNIQUE / SOTHYS).
Specialization : Healthcare, Customer Service, Check Stock & Key in data.
Work Description : Facial, Body Massage & Selling Product and Package.
Work Description : * Prepare Invoice, Co-broke Letter & Receipt.
* Arrange meeting schedules and meeting room for director and agents.
* Maintaining and ordering office supplies, stationery, business card.
Work Description : * Prepare Invoice, Co-broke Letter & Receipt.
* Maintaining and ordering office supplies, stationery, business card.
* Handle petty cash for claim (OT, traveling, medical claim).
Microsoft Office Excel, Microsoft Office Power Point, Microsoft Office Word, SQL Financial Accounting.Responsible to provide secretarial and administrative duties to directors.
Preparing agenda, minutes, attendance sheet for the meetings.
Arranging conference for the meetings including contact all attendees.
Provide office administration duties and filing system management.
Arranging meeting schedules and documents signatory for directors.
Monthly reimbursement claims for directors (e.g. F&B, flight tickets, hotel accommodation).
Preparing requisition forms and cheques handling for the directors.
Managing flight tickets, hotel accommodation booking for the overseas staffs/clients -  Handling ad-hoc & miscellaneous items for directors.
Global Star Carnival (HK) Limited – Personal Assistant of C.O.O.
Preparing agenda, minutes, attendance sheet for the meetings -  Arranging conference for the meetings including contact all attendees -  Arranging meeting schedules for the C.O.O.
Filing and handling of the related documents for the Company/C.O.O.
Monthly reimbursement claims for the C.O.O. (e.g. F&B, flight tickets, hotel accommodation).
Preparing requisition forms and cheques handling for the C.O.O.
Managing flight tickets, hotel accommodation booking for the overseas staffs -  Handling ad-hoc & miscellaneous items for C.O.O., etc.
Secretary, China Assurance Finance Group Limited – (Listed in HK).
China Assurance Finance Group Limited – Secretary of the Company & Directors (Jul 2011 – Jul 2015).
Reporting Line: Listed Company of CAF & it’s subsidiaries in HK/PRC Role and Responsibilities:.
The role and main contact person for the Company and its subsidiaries in HK/PRC.
Preparing agenda, board minutes, attendance sheet for the meetings.
Arranging conference/tel-conference for the board meetings including contact all directors.
Preparing announcement, act the role and contact person with all legal/professional parties.
Arranging the submission of documents on the website of HKEx/The Company.
Communicate with the 3 Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company regularly.
Filing of the submission of documents from/to HKEx (both in box file and PC).
Filing and handling of the engagement letter for the Company.
Handling for the documents provided by Hebei/Xiamen (e.g. minutes, resolutions and amendment of contracts etc.).
Arranging meeting schedules and documents signatory for the directors.
Monthly reimbursement claims for the directors (e.g. F&B, flight tickets, hotel accommodation).
Preparing requisition forms and cheques handling for the directors.
Managing flight tickets, hotel accommodation booking for the directors.
Category Assistant, Dairy Farm Ltd Company (Wellcome) – Merchandising Dept. Dairy Farm Ltd Co. – Wellcome Fresh Food Centre.
Prepare clerical supports regarding reports, presentations, etc.
Clerk, United Overseas Bank (Commercial Card Dept., Credit Card Center) United Overseas Bank Limited.
Reporting Line: Vice President, Commercial Card, Credit Card Center Role and Responsibilities:.
Perform operational daily routines of Corporate Cards, including card activation, replacement, cancellation, other credit cards related administrations and requests.
Prepare statistics and reports for management and compliance reviews.
Provide clerical support and logistical backup to Vice President on acquisitions of Corporate Cards and Purchasing Cards, including soliciting memos, coordination, billings and data processing.
Provide customer services supports by answering inbound enquiry calls, e.g. transaction, statement reprint, sales draft, account balance; as well as by handling outbound follow up calls for documentation and facilitate customer relations.
Secretary, American International Assurance Company (Bermuda) Limited American International Assurance Company (Bermuda) Limited.
Reporting Line: District Director Role and Responsibilities:.
Provide clerical supports regarding policy claims, application processing.
Provide customer services and answer phone calls & handling personal stuffs, etc.
Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries Examinations Preparatory Programme.
Wall’s Street Institute Hong Kong English School – General English, Advanced Level.
LCCI Level 2 – Certificate in Business Administration (Pass with Distinction).
LCCI Level 2 – Certificate in Text Production     (Pass with Distinction).
Sacred Heart Canossian College of Commerce      (Leadership Award – Welfare Secretary).
Spare-Time Study Centre                        (Commercial English Conversation).
Qualification Attended: Business and Administration Diploma.
Level Attended: Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination (Full HKCEE Certificate).
Spare-Time Study Centre                        (Chang Jei Chinese Input Workshop).
Expected Salary: 23K or Negotiable Availability: Immediately.Ensure the daily operations workflows are implemented and executed in an accurate and timely manner;.
Ensure the operating procedures are adhered to regulatory requirements and company policies; review the operation manuals if necessary.
Liaison with both internal (i.e. L&C, settlement, accounting, HR) and external partners (e.g. trustees, distributors, service providers) for ensuring the smoothness of fund launching and daily operations;.
Responsible for system enhancement for existing products / flows;.
Handle daily processing of clients' subscriptions/redemption with different vendors for Funds, Insurance, Securities and other investment products;.
Assist in client onboarding, client due diligence and document preparation to ensure operational workflow comply with regulatory and internal guidelines;.
FRR / form 12, various of financial accounting reports, revenue decompose, agreement, external services’ payment, RQFII limit application, RQFII quarter reporting.
Understand the Labour Ordinance, employment Ordinance, MPF Ordinance and Employee Rights & Benefits;.
As the only one person in HR division, I perform full spectrum of HR functions including job advertising, recruitment (interview, shortlisting & orientation etc), employment contracts preparation, staffs’ record maintenance, attendance records, leave management, payroll, taxation, final payments, medical, insurance, compensation, staff benefit and MPF;.
Assist in the formulation and implementation of HR policies and procedures;.
Help the directors on personal errands, such as tax return, managing invoice, petty cash, payment arrangement, the properties’ rental and expense claims etc.;.
Arrange internal meeting, internal & external(partners) agenda; prepare minutes.
Travel Arrangement, Expenses’ Claim; correspondence handling;.
Organise company events such as annual staff travel, annual dinner;.
Prepare quotations, payment advice and sales report; and calculate commissions for individual sales;.
supervise daily operation practices in order to facilitate the smooth running of the office;.
Understand the Labour Ordinance, employment Ordinance, MPF Ordinance and Employee Rights & Benefits;.
Travel Arrangement, Expenses’ Claim; correspondence handling;.
Maintain office stationeries, other equipment’s’ warranty;.
Carry out real estate agency services and other related work in respect to sales and purchases or leasing of properties on behalf of the Company;.
Update customers with the market sentiment, new properties and second hand properties;.
Recommend potential properties based on the trend, return and resell value;.
Collect information about properties’ good title, flaw of the properties’ structures debentures and others to ensure the transaction can be done effectively;.
As a catalyst between buyers & sellers, as well as landlords & tenants.
Keeping the bank’s daily liquidity Ratio above the regulated level.
Manage daily cash flow of the bank in 13 currencies and also the cash flow of Sinopac Capital Ltd. (subsidiary of Sinopac Group), and prepare the funding for the bank and Sinopac Capital Ltd.
Make MM and forward deals, and strategies (manage the interest rate risk).
Prepare Treasury management reports - P&L and liquidity; monitor and prepare bank’s Gap (Assets-Liabilities) position report; monthly ALCO gap reports by running Marco and Visual Basic programming.
Create, maintain and manage the relationships of Bank’s counterparties.
Participate treasury-related tasks, such as assisting with the development of the treasury system (preparing UAT plan and test cases).
Support our Macau branch and liaise with other operation depts. closely; Streamline the current procedures using in Treasury Dept. deliberately.
Quote FX rates, loans and deposit pricing to customers directly, accurately and promptly in accordance with the bank’s policies and superiors’ instructions.
Various Reports for the purpose of Internal Control, e.g. Cost of fund… etc.
Prepare and check the documents for execution of Repurchase Agreements.
SYSTEMS in Financial Trading & Banking: Kondor +, RTGS/CHATS, Reuters, Bloomberg, HSBC Trading Perform, Deutsche Bank Trading Perform etc.
Assistant Officer – Private and Investment Banking Operations Dept.
Check the details of the customer’s trades to ensure they are under the bank’s regulation.  If there is a discrepancy, contact relationship officer or manager about the issue of trade’s details.
Entry of customers’ trades and prepare customers’ confirmations.
Ensure the preciseness and efficiency of routines of customers’ transactions can be done.
Check the details of the transaction on the dealing slip against the proof of the deal (ie Reuters copies, EBS copies, broker’s confirmations, Telex or etc.).
Ensure the preciseness and efficiency of routines of FX deals by TRAM;.
Check the details of the transaction and payment instrument on the dealing slip against the proof of the deal (ie Reuters copy, EBS copy, broker’s confirmation, Telex or etc.);.
Contact dealers on the issue of trade’s details, payment instrument and day-end; and occasionally contact middle office’s staff;.
Contact the counterparty’s banks for confirming transaction’s details and payment instructions;.
Ensure the preciseness and efficiency of routines of FX deals;.
Use RTGS/CHATS to make payment orders of the deals and SWIFT to communicate with counterparty;.
Process the customers’ FX deals and prepare customer’s letter confirmations;.
Verify our computer system’s record against EBS Brokerage report;.
Compile daily reports for supervisors and prepare next business day-valued deals at the end of each day; and.
Give aids in the settlement of FX transactions for other departments.
Waitress, Receptionist – Part-time, Pay/Sell Shroff II – Part-time (at the Hong Kong Jockey Club), Office assistant, Engineering Assistant.
I was a Relevant Individual, registered with HKMA, and engaged with RA 1 & 43.
Jun 2012 Result of ‘Level 2’ in the Use of Chinese & ‘Pass’ in Aptitude Test - the Common Recruitment Examination.
by the Civil Service Bureau, Government Secretariat (Pls refer to ).
Dec 2008 Result of ‘Level 2’ in the Use of English -the Common Recruitment Examination.
by the Civil Service Bureau, Government Secretariat (Pls refer to ).
Nov 2007 Certificate of Attendance of Treasury Markets Certificate.
Nov 2007 Elementary to Intermediate Mandarin Course (Ref No CC31675-57).
Dec 2005 Paper 1 - Fundamentals of Securities and Futures Regulation of the Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries.
Curtin University of Technology (Onshore, Perth, Western Australia).
Written - Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese & English.
Spoken - Cantonese (native), English (excellent) & Mandarin (excellent).
Applications - MS Word, Excel (Marco & vLookUp), PowerPoint, Front Page, Outlook, Lotus Notes and EViews (a simple software for Econometrics calculation).
Treasury related systems – Kondor +, RTGS/CHATS, SWIFT, FOX, CFO, Midas and TRAM.
Well-organised, flexible, meticulous, studious, independent, sensible, efficient, result-oriented, practical and realistic, be attentive to details, work priority, multi-tasking, analytical, responsible, diligent, energetic, self-motivated, fast-learning, patient, sincere, honest, like to achieve harmony with others, able to work in a fast-paced environment and adaptive.Administration Work, Customer Service, Purchasing, Sales Coordinating,logistic.Address  : 20, Level 7, Block E, Pantai Permai Apartment, 59200, Kuala Lumpur.
2013-2016  Master of Technology (Environment), University of Malaya.
2008 – 2012  Bachelor in Technology (Environment) Universiti  Malaysia Terengganu.
2005 – 2006  Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Sultan.
Administrative Officer at Quality Management and Enhancement Centre, University of Malaya.
Organized and coordinated various briefings, meetings, workshops and audit programs based on Standard MS ISO 9001: 2008 and MS ISO 9001: 2015 (university level).
Produced reports, minutes of meetings, power point slide presentation, brochure, poster and other presentation material for related projects.
Controlled and maintained all files and documentations for QMEC’s Audit, Documentation and Risk Units.
Handled incoming phone calls, mails and fax from students and staffs from other departments.
Assisted in establishment of Risk Management System of University of Malaya.
Research Officer at Institute of Biological Sciences, University of Malaya.
Prepared proposal of the research project(objectives, significance and research methods  of the project) and applied for the grant (FRGS).
Carried out sampling, distributed questionnaire, carried out interview with flood victims and related stakeholders in Terengganu and Kelantan. Data collected were analyzed by using Microsoft Excel and SPSS.
A full report and two journal articles were produced through results obtained from this  study.
Managed all the budget and expenses of the project through proper filing and records.
Scheduled travel arrangement (accommodation, flight ticket and transport) to Kelantan and Terengganu to do data collections.
Performed telemarketing activities to sell various banking products (Personal Loan, Credit Cards, Balance Transfer etc) as per campaign assignment.
Performed up-sell & cross sell activities to achieve higher sales performance.
Provide workable resolutions to customers' enquiries.  To achieve stipulated target sales (monthly).
Assisted DOE officer in inspection visit to facilities and other visits such as Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) site.
Helped in organizing events for various departments such as Social Corporate Responsibility programme with Maybank and Setia Group, few EIA meetings and environmental exhibition in colleges, universities and public places.
Produced a module of activities that could increase the public awareness and information of environment.
Served customers by greeting, welcoming either in person or through phone.
Attended to customer’s inquiries regarding products and business operations.
Performed cashiering and clerical duties such as photocopying and faxing.
Microsoft Office (Power point, Word and Excel), Autocad, SPSS, Internet research and online application.
Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills.
Have the ability to lead and enjoy working with people of all levels.
Highly motivated, hardworking, strong work ethics, available as needed for training and overtime.
Best  Paper Award for 6th International Conference on  Kolkata, India (2016).
Best Poster Award for International Conference on Waste  Kuala Lumpur Malaysia (2015).
Dean’s List of University of Malaya  Session 2013/2014 Semester I.
Dean’s List of University of Malaya Terengganu (UMT)  Session December 2009/2010.
Participant in 6th International Conference on Solid Waste Management (University of Jaipur).
Poster Presenter in International Conference Bandung (Bandung Institute of Technology).
Poster Presenter in International Conference on Waste Management and Environment (University of Malaya).
Organizing Committee of International Conference on Waste Management and Environment.
Oral Presenter at 19th Biological Sciences Graduate Congress (National University of Singapore).
Organizing Committee of 19th Biological Sciences Graduate Congress (National University of Singapore).
Participant of Modern Language Drama Competition UMT (Japanese)  Treasurer  for.
Protocol Committee for Golden Key New Member Rcognition Night 2011.
Facilitator for Golden’s Key Reading Programme by Golden Key International Honour Society Session 2010/2011.
Participant of Modern Language Drama Competition UMT (French).
Participant of Pertandingan Debat Piala Naib Canselor (English)  Participant of Super Elite Generation.Next (Dale Carnegie).
Participant of IPTA Student’s representatives council 2010.
Participant of Pertandingan Debat Piala Naib Canselor (Bahasa Malaysia).
Sen  ior Lecturer, Institute Biological Sciences, University of Malaya. Phone No: 03-79676739.- Managing entire office administration for ASK Capital Management; .
-Liaison and management of all office related suppliers, vendors and service providers;  -Develop and implement new administrative systems, such as record management; recording office expenditure and managing the budget; .
- Taking minutes of meetings, writing reports for senior management and preparing presentations; .
- Prepare financial reports including cash flow statements (summary and detail), budgets;  Prepare, review invoices / vouchers; .
- Report all tax related expenses and pays quarterly and annual payments; .
- Arrange and track travel and accommodation for senior executives; .
- Streamline operational procedures and reporting to head office.
- Managing entire office administration for ASK Capital Management; .
-Liaison and management of all office related suppliers, vendors and service providers;  -Develop and implement new administrative systems, such as record management; recording office expenditure and managing the budget; .
- Taking minutes of meetings, writing reports for senior management and preparing presentations; .
- Prepare financial reports including cash flow statements (summary and detail), budgets;  Prepare, review invoices / vouchers; .
- Report all tax related expenses and pays quarterly and annual payments; .
- Arrange and track travel and accommodation for senior executives; .
- Streamline operational procedures and reporting to head office.
• Maintains tracking record of all recruitment activities to ensure that all resumes received are accorded with appropriate replies and Hiring Schedule tacked.
• Ensures that all new team members are given the appropriate welcome, orientation program and kit.
• Maintains personal files of individual team members within the Guest Services section.
• Be responsible for all administrative functions of the department.
• Handles and maintains confidential documents and general correspondence in a professional manner with strong ethical values.
• Assists the manager in preparing meeting materials, presentation slides and spreadsheets where required.
• Assists in taking minutes and preparation of department’s monthly reports.
• Organizes and stores paperwork, documents and computer-based information in a reliable and robust method.
• Manages the department’s procurement and budget for stationery, pantry supplies, office furniture inventory management, etc.
• Assists in HR matters such as maintaining department’s staff records on annual leave, medical leave, staff benefits, administer payroll system, etc.
• Provides full PA and secretarial services to the manager, including the preparation of correspondence, screening of telephone calls and organizing appointments.
• Maintains strict confidentiality at all times on all matters.
• Schedules meetings, prepares meeting materials and minutes for manager and makes record in electronic calendar.
• Produces inter-department correspondence, announcements and reports as required by the Manager.
• Manages files, reports, letters, memos and other relevant business documents.
• Handles and stores the department stock/stationery according to stock control procedures.
• Fully in charge of briefing new comers, assist them with basic set up.
• Personal Action form for all Team Member such as Salary Adjustment, Promotion, Termination, resignation etc.
• Maintains tracking record of all recruitment activities to ensure that all resumes received are accorded with appropriate replies and Hiring Schedule tacked.
• Ensures that all new team members are given the appropriate welcome, orientation program and kit.
• Maintains personal files of individual team members within the Guest Services section.
• Be responsible for all administrative functions of the department.
• Handles and maintains confidential documents and general correspondence in a professional manner with strong ethical values.
• Assists the manager in preparing meeting materials, presentation slides and spreadsheets where required.
• Assists in taking minutes and preparation of department’s monthly reports.
• Organizes and stores paperwork, documents and computer-based information in a reliable and robust method.
• Manages the department’s procurement and budget for stationery, pantry supplies, office furniture inventory management, etc.
• Assists in HR matters such as maintaining department’s staff records on annual leave, medical leave, staff benefits, administer payroll system, etc.
• Provides full PA and secretarial services to the manager, including the preparation of correspondence, screening of telephone calls and organizing appointments.
• Maintains strict confidentiality at all times on all matters.
• Schedules meetings, prepares meeting materials and minutes for manager and makes record in electronic calendar.
• Produces inter-department correspondence, announcements and reports as required by the Manager.
• Manages files, reports, letters, memos and other relevant business documents.
• Handles and stores the department stock/stationery according to stock control procedures.
• Fully in charge of briefing new comers, assist them with basic set up.
• Personal Action form for all Team Member such as Salary Adjustment, Promotion, Termination, resignation etc.
• In Charging of Ordering of Stationery, Water Supply,Groceries.
• Order processing of gifts to clients and employees for special events.
• Travel bookings for employees and overseas visitors – Corporate Travel.
• Collection and distribution of air tickets, hotel vouchers and etc.
• Update company employees' contact list and related distributions.
• Peoplesoft time tracking system - Create project billing, costing and assign members.
• Prepare Career Transition candidate packages for new programs.
• Ensure cleanliness of customer platform and computers are switched off ( especially Pantry area).
• In Charging of Ordering of Stationery, Water Supply,Groceries.
• Order processing of gifts to clients and employees for special events.
• Travel bookings for employees and overseas visitors – Corporate Travel.
• Collection and distribution of air tickets, hotel vouchers and etc.
• Update company employees' contact list and related distributions.
• Peoplesoft time tracking system - Create project billing, costing and assign members.
• Prepare Career Transition candidate packages for new programs.
• Ensure cleanliness of customer platform and computers are switched off ( especially Pantry area).
o Faxing of document / clearing of all fax  and filing of document.
o Ensuring of Paper for all photocopier machine in the office.
o Faxing of document / clearing of all fax  and filing of document.
o Ensuring of Paper for all photocopier machine in the office.
SAP Knowledge, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Ariba, Salesforce.
SAP Knowledge, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Ariba, Salesforce.A dynamic, resourceful and experienced professional providing exceptional office support to the organization’s senior management team. Thrive in demanding and face-paced environment while performing a wide variety of complex and confidential office administration, secretarial, analytical and research duties.
Sep 2010 – Dec 2012 PSB Academy/ Cambridge University Diploma in HRM.
Manages and maintains CEO's diary; schedule appointments, coordinates internal and external meetings with portfolio managers, technologists and investors.
Manages and plans CEO and teams’ business travels in accordance with company's travel policy. Proactively coordinates the pre-planning of trips with various internal functions; including but not limited to arranging visa applications, hotel accommodation, car service transfers, meeting agendas and necessary contacts, as well as other information.
Manages and coordinates technology and research team overseas conferences. Assist and coordinates Milken Conference for company.
Brainstorms and plans team activities on monthly, quarterly and yearly basis. Sourcing, coordinates and manages all team activities (Eg: birthday celebrations, monthly team gathering, JP Morgan & Bloomberg Charity run, organize company CSR program, company’s family day, year-end party, cruise and all other wellness program for employees).
Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures; controlling correspondence; designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions; assigning and monitoring clerical functions.
Manages contracts and price negotiation for all office operations and services. Including but not limited to reception services, stationery and pantry supplies, screening of calls, mail/couriers, office cleaning services, pest control and group insurances, etc.
Manages contracts and price negotiation with local hotels and service apartments chosen as preferred properties to ensure the best possible deal for all incoming guests and external employees.
Manages pantry lady and cleaning staff by coaching, counselling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
Coordinate with building management on common area and office maintenance issues.
Plan, coordinates with designer company and monitors office expansion renovation to ensure timeline is adhere to. Re-plan office seating arrangement and set-up. Update office planning in system.
Liaise with outsourced payroll agent in processing timely payment for vendors and suppliers.
Coordinates and prepares stationery, business name cards, work-station and name plates, welcome email and all other related-processes for new hires.
Coordinate with IT department when arise such as renewal of office network broadband, corporate plan discounts, technical breakdown, new desk set-up and relocation, etc.
Liaison with HR and IT department for processes related to newcomers and leavers.
Partner with HR to update and maintain office policies as necessary; maintain and update of employee handbook.
Review and screen eligibility of resumes downloaded from company job portal. Send resumes to respective hiring managers for review.
Manages and coordinates multiple interviews (phone, video-conference or on-site) for candidates across different region and time-zones; system set-up for interviewees to do online technical and caliper tests.
Manages and coordinates campus recruitment events with the 3 Universities in Singapore to seek internship and talents for new positions in the company.
Executive assistant, reporting to managing partner | mar 2013 – may 2016.
Manages and maintains partners' extensive diaries; schedule appointments, coordinates internal and external meetings with investors locally and across US, Europe and Asia Pacific regions.
Prepares written responses on partners’ behalf; including response to investors’ queries, request for business meetings, etc. Directs some external correspondence to appropriate staff members and ensures timely response. Advise partners of unusual or sensitive correspondences.
Manages and plans complex travel arrangements. Proactively coordinates the pre-planning of trips with various internal functions; including but not limited to arranging visa applications, hotel accommodation, car service transfers and car rental, meeting agendas and necessary contacts, as well as other information.
Sourcing, planning and travel to US and London to set-up yearly Annual meetings for investors.
Sourcing, planning and travel with investors for yearly field trips to portfolio companies in Southeast Asia.
Coordinates and set-up quarterly investors’ conference call (up to 60 people).
Ensure requests from investors are promptly adhered to with updated information from fund managers and group analysts.
Maintain and update of investors' database and ensure prompt delivery of monthly newsletter to investors.
Preparation & submission of all business-related expenses claims.
Preparation of medical and insurance claims for partners and their family members.
Executive secretary – reporting to 2 senior vps | mar 2008 – mar 2013.
Manages and maintains Senior VP’s calendars, schedule appointments, coordinates complex meetings, video & conference calls across Americas, Europe, Australasia, Asia Pacific and Far East regions.
Performs secretarial duties for other busy team members (VPs) in a fast-paced environment (including coordination of logistic needs for business trips, arranging complex meeting schedules across Asia Pacific & Far East regions for video and teleconferences).
Preparation & submission of all business-related expenses claims through concur system.
Ensure timely submission of reports from local offices across Asia Pacific & Far East regions.
Compile the reports, analysed and submission to HQ (New York).
Handles the inventory and requisition of office supplies for various departments.
Coordinates and set-up of APAC & Far East Conference and seminars every quarterly. (submission for approval through star-cite system for budget, sourcing and proposing of location for local or overseas events, submission of post-event evaluation input & summary).
Manages and maintains HR VP’s calendars, schedule appointments, coordinates meetings, video & conference calls across Americas, Asia Pacific and Australasia.
Assisting HR VP with all employment issues for 50 local employees and 55 expatriates including completing new enrolment, changes and terminations under the SAP System and MOM online registration.
Responsible for review of monthly invoices from all benefit carriers, process all invoices and ensure timely submission to Accounts department for payment.
Coordinates and liaison of local permanent/ temporary housing with corporate housing agents and ensure smooth handover of tenanted apartments/houses before and after expatriates’ term in Singapore.
Preparation and vetting of tenancy agreements for corporate housing leases for expatriates.
Coordinates and liaison with shipping company on timely arrival/departure of shipment for incoming and outgoing expatriates.
Coordinates and liaison of local/ international schools’ visit & discussion for expatriates with children.
Preparation and coordination of monthly payroll processing, employees’ benefits, leave administration, and maintenance of regional employees’ personal files.
Collate monthly headcount reports from local HR(s) and submit to HQ in New York.
Organizes, coordinates and set-up Regional/ Local HR workshops, seminars (printing of training materials, sourcing location, prepares post-event evaluation input & summary).
Maintains and update Employee’s handbook and Expatriate’s local guidebook.
Devise and maintain extensive filing system and corresponding cross-referenced list.
SECRETARY – REPORTING TO mANAGING DIRECTOR | FEB 2005 – MAR 2008.
Manages all employment issues for 6 China expatriates including applications, terminations, renewal for employment and related-passes for their family members.
Sourcing, viewing and vetting of tenancy agreements for permanent and temporary housing for expatriates relocating to Singapore.
Research, preparation of latest office rental rates (for comparison during negotiation) prior renewal of office tenancy agreement.
Preparation and coordination of employees’ benefits, leave administration, and maintenance of employees’ personal files.
Coordinates, plans and booking of domestic and foreign travel arrangements for all employees. This includes but not limited to application of traveling visa, prepare travel itineraries; prepare and compile travel vouchers and maintenance of all travel records.
Prepare agenda, collect materials for meetings, take minutes and keep records of proceedings as required.
In-charge of all petty cash claims & preparation of monthly petty cash summary.
Updating daily crude assessment, compile and maintain statistical information and reports.
Sourcing of quotations, supervision and coordinates the office renovation done in May/June 2006.
Liaison with company’s outsourced IT vendor for office’s system maintenance and upgrade.
Liaison with company’s outsourced security vendor for company’s security access cards and maintenance of the security system.
Liaison and coordination with the building management for yearly fire evacuation exercise.
Handles the stationery and pantry inventory and requisitioning of supplies adhering to a limited budget.
customer service executive – REPORTING TO divisional manager | FEB 2001 – FEB 2005.
Manages and maintains Divisional Manager’s calendar, schedule appointments, coordinates meetings with retailers and major shopping centres island-wide.
Liaison with local polytechnics on internship programs. Planning and execution on job rotation within company, supervises student during internship program and timely updates on progression with teacher-in-charge.
Updating and maintenance of product codes for new products every quarter; maintenance of stock inventory for all retail stores to ensure stocks are well stock-up.
Responsible for the overall procurement of office equipment, supplies and inventory for Singapore & Malaysia office.
Sourcing of vendors for uniform supplies, maintains and upkeep of uniform for new and temporary staff.
Responsible for the recruitment of office & retail staff through local newspaper & online job advertisement in Singapore and Malaysia. Coordinates and organizes interview sessions for Malaysia Retail Manager.
Payroll & OT calculation for retail staff in Singapore & Malaysia, preparation and timely submission of petty cash to accounts department. Coordinates with Malaysia vendor on timely payment of salary to Malaysia employees.
Vetting of tenancy agreements, maintenance of record and ensure timely renewal of tenancy agreement for all shops and counters.
Liaison with contractor on renovation requirement. Ensures prior approval from departmental stores on shop designs, coordinates and supervises renovation work and ensure timely arrival of showcases for shop/ counters prior renovation.
Organizer for various off-site functions involving attendees’ availability, scouting and securing location, menu choices, travel arrangements and material preparation, i.e. correspondence, charts and slide presentations.
Coordinator for yearly sponsorship to television programs, beauty pageants and various Mediacorp artistes (Miss Singapore Universe 2002, 2003 & 2004 and Mediacorp Star Awards 2002, 2003 & 2004).
Administration support & HR coordination for Malaysia operations.
Compile and prepares weekly and monthly sales report & closing for Singapore & Malaysia operations. Compile data from various departments and prepare power-point presentation for yearly budgeting.
Preparation of agenda, collects materials for meetings, take minutes and keep record of proceedings as required.
Plans, coordinates & preparation of Company’s Annual Dinner & Dance for year 2003 & 2004.
Plans, coordinates and supervision for the relocation of the Malaysia office in June 2006.Organize meetings and conference calls in global time zone, including availability check, facilities arrangements and prepare of meeting materials.
Handle a large volume of travel bookings in accordance with Bank's Travel Policy and maintain travel records.  Calendar manage for Head of ECM and Bankers.
Maintain project data portal by uploading the Call Report, File Note and materials to the SharePoint.
Process vendor invoice, Travel & Entertainment reimbursement through system within monthly cutoff and ensure project code is booked properly.
Handling staff on-boarding and off-boarding matters to ensure proper arrangement is made.
Sept 2015 – Nov 2015 Fidelity Investment Management (HK) Limited.
Executive Assistant to Head of Institutional Business, Asia.
Responsible for heavy calendar management. Prioritize and schedule of meetings, conference calls, video conferencing and appointments with internal and external business contacts.
Planning and arranging extensive business travel.  Consolidate and prepare of Monthly Country Report and set up of review meeting with respective Market Heads.
Logistic arrangements and on-site support of client events e.g. Market Outlook Seminar and Training Day for major clients on regular basis.
Handling a large variety of information and disseminating to the responsible Function Heads for immediate action.
Work closely with Research Team to prepare of high standard pitch book and other marketing materials.
Coordinate complex schedule both business and personal; plan and manage busy calendar in order to set priorities for the day; maintain the day-to-day business activities as scheduled; take care of extensive travel arrangements and arrange itineraries.
Prepare of PowerPoint slides/meeting deck and ensure all meeting materials and facilities are prepared and distributed ahead the meeting eg. EXCO Meeting, Global Wealth Leadership Team Meeting, Risk Control Meeting, Business Performance Review.
Organize Staff Townhall / Global Wealth Executives visit, Marketing Event and Investment Outlook Luncheon. e.g. venue book, prepare and confirm invitations and provide on-site supports.
Act as a business unit focal contact point and work closely with business stakeholders eg. HR, Legal & Compliance, Finance, Property Administration in various departmental matters.
Assigned as a Licensing Coordinator. Work closely with Compliance Team on HKMA/SFC License Registration, maintain CPT Training record.  Review and preserve record of staff securities trading on regular basis.
Monitoring of Travel Register in related to off-shore activities and in line with Rule of Engagement. Maintain Gift and Entertainment Register to comply with Bank’s policies.
To ensure the smooth running of office operation.  Handling and involving in Internal Audit, Quality Assurance test, coordinate internal and external trainings for PB staff members.
Jan – Jun 2010   Deutsche Bank, Distressed Products/Private Equity Group.
Assistant to Head of Principal Investments,  (Contract employment).
Responsible for the relocation of Head of Principal Investment and his family to New York.  Work closely with HR & Expatriate Administration Team and Consultancy Firm to ensure that all logistics are fully arranged to facilitate the move.
Assist a team of investment professionals to maintain “Intralink” - Global Investment logging system for status update.
Update and maintain Business Continuity Plan, coordinate holiday schedule and whereabouts of the team to ensure no operational outage.
Provide all-rounded secretarial duties to CEO in a professional manner.  Perform advanced administrative support functions and handle of confidential documents.  Involved in UHNW client contact.
Provide full spectrum of support by planning and scheduling complex and intensive travel schedule.  Set up conference call & video conferencing across multiple time zones, partnering with assistants globally.
Prepare of meeting agenda, materials for review and discussion, and minutes taking as well as to follow up with action owners on outstanding issues.
Responsible for logistic arrangements for Executive Committees Meeting, On-site and off-site meetings and events; Staff Town Hall; including negotiate with hotels, caterers and vendors.
Consolidate data and compile reports for Management (e.g. Monthly Management Update, Regional Performance Report etc).
Handle of travel and meeting schedule for Global CEO and other senior executives’ regular visit to the region.
Review and approve leave applications, expenses requests, resource requests as directed by the CEO.
Communicate with functional leaders and overseas offices on corporate information dissemination.
Oct 2005 – Sep 2006  The Bank of East Asia, Private Banking Division.
Prepare presentation and marketing materials in a professional manner and in line with the Bank’s corporate image.
Work with Marketing Heads and Investment Advisory Team to prepare monthly transactions summary and activities report in a timely and accurate manner.
Liaise with the Operations Head to update and maintain the Operation Manual and Dealing Policy Guidelines.
Control and monitor of office and marketing teams’ expenses and prepare of monthly P&L report.
Executive Secretary to Chief Representative of Private Banking, Hong Kong.
Provide high quality secretarial and administrative support to Chief Representative and Management Team.
Responsible for the application of dealing license for Private Bankers; organize courses and in-house trainings and retain records for registered licensees in order to fulfill and comply with the  requirements.
Client events coordination and assist in organize of Annual Investment Outlook Seminar (take care the whole logistics and facilities arrangement e.g. prepare of invitation, travel and lodging arrangements for the invited clients and bankers, provide on-site supports).
Liaise with HKMA and internal departments on various issue on the development of branch office.
Maintain and monitor the cross selling program with referral agents and counterparties.
Prepare Monthly Asset under Management and Trading Revenue Report to the Headquarters.
Supervise administrative staff to responsible for departmental HR and office administration functions.
Secretary to CEO, Chairman of HK Venture Capital Association.
Provide full spectrum of professional secretarial support to the management and handle all personal matters as required.
Facilitate meetings including compilation and dissemination of meeting agenda, minutes and any other meeting materials as needed.
Act as the communication channel between senior executives of regional offices and overseas business associates as well as professional bodies.
Handle highly confidential documents and information on investment projects; maintain and update of private equity status report.
Review incoming correspondence, submissions, and reports in order to determine their significance and to plan for distribution.
Organize regular functions of Hong Kong Venture Capital Association, e.g. luncheon meeting, members get together event, annual conference and seminar.
Nov 1999 – Jul 2000  Deutsche Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited.
Prioritize workload to meet deadlines and effectively manage the flow of paperwork among the group.
Liaise with Headquarters and Fund Managers in the region for clients meeting arrangement.
Prepare marketing proposal and presentation materials in a professional manner.
Update and distribute of daily fund price and portfolio summary to Institutional clients.
Act as a project owner such as office renovation, office automations upgrade and perform general office administration duties.
Mar 1991 – Feb 1997  British Telecommunication (Hong Kong) Limited.
Personal Secretary/Administrator to Regional Director of National Partners & Business Development, Asia Pacific.
Provide all round secretarial and administrative support, schedule meetings and arrange appointments.
Liaise with business contacts, government officials and worldwide offices for product launch activities.
Coordinate and manage the Business Development activities i.e. local and overseas conference, seminar and client events.A highly motivated, confident individual with exceptional multi-tasking and organisational skills.  Able to exhibit confidentiality, discretion, tact, diplomacy and professionalism when dealing with senior management.  Possessing a proven ability to help managers to make the best use of their time by dealing with their secretarial and administrative tasks. Self-starter and quick-learner who always exceeds expectations.
Always acts with integrity and escalates questions and issues in a timely manner.  Ensure that the company´s policies in relations to travel and expenses are respected.
Successful negotiation for office rental renewal.  Savings = S$75K pa.  Managed to source and negotiate with insurance brokers on employee insurance policies and saved 30% in premiums overall.
Seconded to Shanghai to organize opening ceremony and ground-breaking events in Shanghai and Nanjing.  With the help of local assistants, sourced and negotiated pricing agreements with hotels/resorts, caterers and other providers for service at special events.
Contributed heavily to office building project in Shanghai by acting as translator to the Building Director from US, assisted in negotiating and finalizing contracts, and overseeing project teams to ensure on time completion.
Partners Capital Investment Group (Asia) Pte Ltd: Contract, June – July 2017.
Responsible for all aspects of office administration, including security systems, general office services, procurement of office supplies and leave administration.  Provided full secretarial support to Managing Director and travel arrangements expense reports for the team.
Personal Assistant to MD, Equities Solution Group (5 years).
Personal Assistant to Regional COO and Country Manager (Contract).
Proactively managed the diary of the MD; reminding of future commitments and matters requiring attention.  Managed MD’s complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and co-ordinate pre-planning of trips; and produce itineraries under own initiative for MD and team members.  Followed up on expense reports upon returned from trips.
Main reference point and interface with other senior management members across the bank, as well as their assistants.  Admin support for influential stakeholders on visits, provided hospitality and organised room bookings as required.  Assisted in overseas relocation arrangements, as well as floor moves.
Facilitated IT Employee Engagement and Citizenship events, teambuilding and year-end event.
Displayed good judgement in prioritizing demands and escalating issues as appropriate.
Always applied highest standard of control and risk management. Ensured that policies in relation to travel and expenses are understood, respected and adhered to, as well as, compliance authorisations are obtained prior to travel.
Successfully organized and coordinated year-end event for the division.
Developed and maintained alert system for upcoming deadlines on projects and events.
Managed emails, voicemails, incoming mails, prioritizing items that required immediate response, including appointment and calendar management, and scheduled travel arrangements for the CFO.
Printed and compiled of monthly reports for the various committee meetings. Organised and coordinated logistics of conferences.
Responsible for workstation setup for all new hires, stationery for the team and; checked and approved expense reports on behalf of the CFO.
Resolved numerous scheduling conflicts to ensure success of high-priority meetings/events and to notify the appropriate parties well in advance.
Reinforced service provided by the travel agent resulting in more efficient and effective support.
Assisted CEO in a wide array of executive office tasks, including management of emails and calendar, prepared correspondence/memos, minutes for BOD meetings, travel arrangement and expenses.
Overseen the upkeep, maintenance and general appearance of the office and reception.  Ensure proper understanding and respect of admin policies, procedures and workflow.  Responsible for expatriate management, full spectrum of HR responsibilities, including payroll and staff insurance.
Praised for multi-tasking abilities and timely issue resolution.
Successfully organised client events and; Christmas party and gifts for staff.
Credit Suisse Asset Management (Singapore) Ltd:  2007 – 2009.
Responsible for full spectrum of secretarial functions including appointment and calendar management, and scheduling travel arrangements for the CEO.  Aided CEO in meeting deadlines and resolving pressing issues.
Assisted the team in updating of Indices for Fund Reports and Equities Information on the website, travel and expense management, organised and coordinated logistics of conferences and workshops.
Demonstrated follow through and reliable closure on projects and assignments.
Created effective filing systems and retrieved data efficiently as and when needed.
Efficiently monitored all trainings for traders are completed/updated and entertainments and travels are within bank policies.
Engelhard Asia-Pacific, LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of Engelhard Corporation, USA.  Engelhard Corporation is a surface and materials science company that develops technologies to improve customers' products and processes.  A Fortune 500 company, Engelhard is a world-leading provider of technologies for environmental, process, appearance and performance applications.
Provided high-level administrative to President, Asia Pacific enabling him to become more productive by handling a wide array of executive office tasks, including screening phone calls, managed calendar and correspondence.  Managed President’s complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinate pre-planning of trips.
Planned and organized events aboard; coordinated with outside vendors such as local hotels and entertainment while maintaining open dialogue with local assistants to ensure smooth running events.
Responsible for all aspects of office administration, including the efficient planning and operation of office space, office renovation, communication and security systems, general office services and the procurement of office equipment and supplies for Asia Pacific .  Ensure proper understanding and respect of admin policies, procedures and workflow across the region.
Responsible for full spectrum of HR responsibilities including performance and expatriates management, recruitment, payroll, leave administration, orientation and; participated in review and update on HR policies / procedures, staff insurance, compensation and benefits.
Built and led a highly effective office support team for the region by hiring, training and overseeing members.
Contributed to cost-saving effort by working with CFO to research alternative travel and insurance agencies.
Successfully organizing internal conferences aboard and large scale of events (opening ceremony and ground-breaking) in Shanghai and Nanjing that involved guests and senior management from all over the world.
Contributed heavily to office building project in Shanghai by acting as translator to the Building Director from US, assisted in negotiating and finalizing contracts, and overseeing project teams to ensure on time completion.-Providing administrative support to the Director, including corporate.
scheduling, venue booking, catering and travel arrangements.
-Assist in the daily operation of the office; Material procurement.
-Arrange courier, Handling administrative documents, Responsible for the reception and receive calls.
__________________________________________________________________.
-Providing administrative support to the Director, including corporate.
scheduling, venue booking, catering and travel arrangements.
-Coordinating all of the director's incoming and outgoing communications and preparing correspondence.
__________________________________________________________________.
-Providing administrative support to the Director, including corporate.
scheduling, venue booking, catering and travel arrangements.
-Assist in the daily operation of the office; Material procurement.
-Arrange courier, Handling administrative documents, Responsible for the reception and receive calls.
__________________________________________________________________.
Flat K, 22/F., Block 1, Harmony Garden, 9 Siu Sai Wan Road, Chai Wan, HK.Tai Siu Hung, Sandy         Mobile: 97387320      Email: tai_sandy@yahoo.com.hk.
Over 10 years of experience as Executive Assistant providing full spectrum of secretarial and business supports to the top management including expatriates in MNC.
04/2013 – present Executive Assistant to Senior Managing Director.
Accenture Company Ltd. – global management consulting company with >600 employees in HK.
Provide full spectrum of secretarial and business support to a British Senior Managing Director & 4 other US/APAC Managing Directors.
Arranging the travel schedules, accommodation and visas, handle expense claims.
Manage calendars, organize conference calls & meetings and liaise with clients & senior executives.
Handle daily correspondences including reports and presentations.
04/2006 – 04/2013 Executive Assistant to President (Expatriate).
Sartorius Mechatronics Hong Kong Ltd. – German manufacturer of lab instruments.
Provide full spectrum of secretarial, administrative and business support to the British President & HK General Manager, e.g. calendar & meeting management, travel arrangement, expenses management, presentation & meeting minutes preparation.
Consolidate sales figures from branches and dealers to prepare various sales and revenue reports by area, industry or product groups.
Liaise with both local and overseas managers to monitor the daily operations of the branches.
Responsible for product launch project which involves marketing budgeting and promotion materials like advertisement, press release and leaflet.
Organize annual country managers/dealers meetings and seminars, target group around 60-80 persons over APAC e.g. SIN, BKK, KL, BJ, SH….
Reason for leaving: company restructure in 2012  Last Salary: HK$25000.
09/2004 – 04/2006 Executive Assistant to Executive Director.
United Premier Medical Group – hospital management consultancy.
Enhance the development of business strategy, promotion plan, corporate affairs.
Liaise with both local and overseas clients and managers to monitor the daily operations of the branches.
Provide full spectrum of secretarial and business support to the senior management team, e.g. coordinate management meetings, travel arrangement.
Manipulate research for project due diligence and prepare & translate management reports, presentations & press release.
Reason for leaving: too frequent travel  Last Salary: HK$18000.
Great Eastern Healthcare Ltd. – healthcare product distributor.
Provide professional product (Baxter Renal System) demonstration & training to users.
Visit hospitals & patients to achieve customer satisfaction and relationship reinforcement.
Participate in various sales campaigns to achieve sales targets.
In-charge of marketing material preparation e.g. brochure, souvenir, sales kit, newsletter.
Reason for leaving: loss of distributorship  Last Salary: HK$18000.
Co-ordinate and implement all aspects of marketing campaigns e.g. mass mailing, advertising, market research.
Supervise a team of marketing executive and assistant to ensure a smooth and effective operation of the marketing department.
Support the launch of new products, develop PR plan for local & China markets, support ongoing sales campaign.
Prepare and translate marketing materials e.g. brochure, souvenir, sales kit, press release, newsletter.
Execute logistics for trade fairs, conferences and training.
Reason for leaving: company restructure  Last Salary: HK$21000.
Crestron Asia Ltd. – Asia headquarter of a  remote control system manufacturer.
Provide secretarial and business supports e.g. correspondence, coordinate meetings, reports/agendas/minutes preparation, travel arrangement.
Prepare and translate marketing materials e.g. brochure, souvenir, sales kit, press release, newsletter.
Execute logistics for trade fairs, conferences and training.
Liaise with dealers & distributors and reinforce relationships, order administration.
Reason for leaving: career advancement  Last Salary: HK$18000.
Bachelor of Science in Chemistry with Second Class Honours (Division One).
Cantonese, English, Putonghua (Statement of Proficiency, course held by HKU), Elementary Japanese (Level 4 Japanese Proficiency).
Microsoft Windows, Winword, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Frontpage, Outlook, Photoshop, Illustrator, PageMaker, Chinese character inputting.
Address : Flat H, 9/F, Mascot Mansion, No. 1 Tin Heung Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, HK.Jul 2003 - Oct 2006 Bachelor of Business (Human Resource Management).
University of South Australia/SCE-Hong Kong Baptist University.
Sept 1998 - Jun 1999 One-year Certificate Course in Secretarial Studies.
Sept 1997 - Jun 1998 Two-year Diploma Course in Secretarial Studies.
June 1999  Chamber of Commerce & Industry Examinations Board.
Job Duties : Routine secretarial duties and handling personal affairs for a Partner.  I was responsible for scheduling meetings and appointments, drafting correspondences, coordinating travel arrangement, handling correspondences, filing, maintaining annual leave records, arranging reimbursements, answering and making phone calls, updating Partner’s personal profile, preparing presentation materials, assisting Partner in preparing decisions, coordinating and participating in organising events and seminar with government Board and Tribunals.
Job Duties : In-charge of General Office & supervising 3 subordinates, handling personal affairs for director, arranging meetings, travel arrangement, preparing itinerary, taking minutes, drafting correspondences, handling reimbursements, payments and petty cash, assisting in performing human resources functions, arranging printing of booklets and journals, organizing in examinations, handling incoming and outing correspondences, answering and making phone calls, receiving foreign visitors, organizing events and participating in CTM Conference.
Job Duties :  Arranging meetings, travel arrangement, preparing itinerary, handling personal affairs for Project Manager, drafting correspondences, preparing projects reports and financial report, handling reimbursements and payments, organizing events, handling incoming and outing correspondences, filing, answering and making phone calls.
Superior : Director - Investment and Director - Project (Foreigner).
Job Duties : Arranging meetings, travel arrangement, preparing presentation slides and materials, arranging printing of booklets, preparing itinerary, reimbursement arrangement, receiving foreign visitors, handling incoming and outing correspondences, arranging stationeries and office supplies, filing, answering and making phone calls.
Job Duties : Arranging meetings, travel arrangement, preparing itinerary, handling personal affairs for director, handling reimbursements and payments, book-keeping, updating website, arranging printing of booklets, receiving foreign visitors, drafting correspondences, handling incoming and outing correspondences, arranging stationeries and office supplies, filing, answering and making phone calls, organizing events, participating in conferences and maintaining contact database.
Job Duties : Arranging meetings, preparing schedule, handling personal affairs for manager, handling payments, receiving guests, drafting correspondences, handling incoming and outing correspondences, arranging stationeries, filing, answering and making phone calls, and participating in sales launch.
Job Duties : Arranging meetings, typing correspondences, receiving guests, handling incoming and outing correspondences, arranging stationeries and office supplies, filing, answering and making phone calls and despatching documents.I graduate with Diploma in Administrative and Secretarial Management, is a reliable, self-motivated, technology-savvy candidate with good technical and soft skills. I have been working as a secretary for about 10 years, assisting bosses and their family members not limited to business, but also personal matters. My job duties including communicate with internal and external parties, providing full secretarial and administrative supports, handling ad hoc assignments.
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Directors & their family members, including arrange appointment, dinning booking, settle statements, renew passport, renew driving & vehicle licenses, applying VISA, APEC business travel card, etc.
Communicate with internal and external parties, i.g. HKJC, Government department, different associations, etc., and make sure events run smoothly.
Handle Company Secretary and financial statement related documents.
Charity Organization supporting, including handle management account, filing and drafting summaries, etc.
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Directors & their family members, including arrange appointment, dinning booking, settle statements, renew passport, renew driving & vehicle licenses, applying VISA, APEC business travel card, etc.
Communicate with internal and external parties, i.g. HKJC, Government department, different associations, etc., and make sure events run smoothly.
Handle Company Secretary and financial statement related documents.
Charity Organization supporting, including handle management account, filing and drafting summaries, etc.
(subcontracted to Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau, HKSAR government department).
(subcontracted to Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau, HKSAR government department).
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Directors.
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Directors.
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Senior Secretary, and Sales team.
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Senior Secretary, and Sales team.
(Business Nature: Consultant (mainly in debt reorganization & bankruptcy)).
(Business Nature: Consultant (mainly in debt reorganization & bankruptcy)).