(Largest insurance syndicate operate under Lloyd’s  Scheme).
Ensure monthly closing for entities in , Hong Kong and  (Trust and Management) is completed on a timely and accurately manner by reviewing all the supporting schedules.
Prepare reporting for regulatory purpose eg. MAS quarterly, yearly returns, Business Activity Statement for  (equivalent to GST returns in ).
Prepare audited financial statements and liaise with the  tax agent and auditor in , Hong Kong and.
Prepare group reporting pack for head office on a monthly and quarterly basis.
Prepare budget, monitoring actual results against budget on a monthly basis and analyse on the variance.
Review and approve payments to ensure payment details are accurate.
Ensure accounting treatment for the transactions are in accordance with relevant accounting standards (IFRS) and regulations requirement.
Maintain and ensure effective internal control system and liaise with internal and external auditors to improvise on processes.
Resolve any discrepancies and ad-hoc request from head office and local finance team.
Supervise a team of Accounts Payable and work closely with a team of credit control in regional office in.
Heavily involved in the integration of in-house operation system and financial system that involves setting the requirements and migration.
Recruit candidate for lower position in finance department.
Providing assurance services to clients of various industries including shipping, manufacturing, management and insurance. My job scopes also include the following besides those already indicated in the preceding work experience:.
Supervising the audit team and ensure the completion of the audit engagement.
Advise on the group consolidation work of complex group accounts;.
Review of quarterly results for the company proposes for listing.
Providing assurance services to both public listed and private limited companies and multi national companies of various industries including trust fund management, unit trust fund, construction, manufacturing, management, plantation and non-profit making organisation.  My job scopes include the following:.
Identify client’s internal control weaknesses and providing appropriate advice to client on managing the weaknesses;.
Provide appropriate coaching and support to junior staff members.
Fill in tax assessment form for personal, partnership and individual companies.
Compute the corporate tax liabilities for individual companies.
Compute the income tax liabilities for unincorporated businesses and individual.
Assist in providing advisory and tax compliance services to clients.
Oversee pupils on their academic progress and development of the positive attitude.
Guide pupils along the learning path and arouse their interest in learning.PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Great Eastern Life Assurance, Group Internal Audit                   Sep 2015 – Present.
Led, planned and executed audits for the Group, including special reviews and investigations.
Business units covered include agency, customer service, claims, investment management, High Net Worth application submission, and procurement.
Reviewed work papers for adequacy and quality of documentation to ensure meeting of audit objectives.
Communicated audit findings and recommendations to management and discussed appropriate value-adding action plans.
Verified the sufficiency of resolution actions for timely closure of audit issues.
Spearheaded the implementation of data analytics in the internal audit department.
Wrote Qlikview scripts to generate exception reports automatically for continuous auditing.
Tracked management actions in response to exception reports.
Improved analytic rules based on feedback from business units.
Guided the internal audit team on Qlikview capabilities and analytic scenarios.
Handled resolution actions for Quality Assurance Review (QAR) of the internal audit function.
KPMG LLP, Financial Services Audit                    Sep 2012 – Sep 2014, Dec 2014 – Sep 2015.
Led and coached audit teams, managed engagement deadlines, and liaised with management.
Led annual audits of group and multiple subsidiaries, and quarterly review of group accounts.
Tested revenue received from REITs, investments held, gain/loss on revaluation and disposal of investments, cash balances, intercompany transactions, and consolidation of subsidiaries to group level - Performed testing on compliance with Capital Markets Services licensing.
Tested purchase and sales of investments, valuation of investments, cash balances, dividend income, capital calls and redemptions, net asset value.
•  Prepared regulatory and management reports, managed intercompany recharges and reconciliations.
EDUCATION Singapore Management University (SMU)                  Aug 2008 – Jun 2012.
First Class Honours in Bachelor of Accountancy and Bachelor of Business Management with a major in Finance.To excel in my field and add value within the organization. My leadership, dedication and management skills in audit can be utilized towards being one of the top performers, delivering results beyond standard expectations.
Proven experience in leading projects and managing junior staff, meeting key deadlines.
Proven success working with all stakeholders in driving change and process re-engineering.
Proven success in achieving cost savings and improving operational bottom line.
Sydney University has over 50,000 students, 10,000 staff and a diverse range of operations (16 faculties, $1bn investment portfolio, 5 commercial farms and commercial consulting arms). With over $2bn in annual turnover and $6bn in assets under management, the University’s commercial and educational operations also span the APAC region.
The AUDIT team consists of the Director with 5 Principal Auditor direct reports and 4 junior staff. Starting as an intern, I was able to rapidly progress through to Principal Auditor in 5 years, a position with the same responsibilities as my peers with more than 20+ years of audit experience. Spending almost 2 years in the role, I was responsible for:.
Leading compliance, operational, financial, IT and forensic investigation audit projects, presenting findings and recommendations to senior management committees;.
Preparing financial and management reports for business units including variance analysis, budgeting and forecasting to support business operations and improve business initiatives;.
Leading the review of the pre- and post-implementation of major ERP systems, assessing risk and control environments as well as adequacy of system integration with business processes;.
Leading reviews of project financial health and viability through financial modelling, forecasting and what-if analysis and reporting findings/recommendations directly to senior management;.
Leading internal corruption investigations and performing forensic accounting.
Delivered 29% reduction in annual spend obligations ($15m), the implementation of a 3year investment review process and major investment policy changes through financial modelling and what-if analysis, and other reviews of the University’s endowment portfolio;.
Delivered major IT controls for the new $100m ERP system resulting in improved security,.
50% reduced users and implementation of compliance programs for key business functions;.
Delivered $4.5m in cost savings through forensic accounting in a corruption investigation resulting in ICAC court proceedings and employment termination;.
Delivered 15% ($0.8m) student free increases and improved profitability of educational projects abroad through financial analysis and identifying FX, market and statutory risks; and.
Delivered 12% revenue increase ($0.6m) and 7% reduction in operating costs ($0.4m) of SCA operational activities through financial modelling and market risk analysis.
Treasury Accountant (Financial Control and Treasury)           Jul 2011 – Feb 2012.
As a treasury accountant, my duties involved forecasting and reporting on University-wide cash flow activities, updating information and providing management with financial commentary. In addition to my regular duties, I was also given the extra responsibility for developing new reporting templates (including forecasts, budgets and information updates) for large government grants.
Delivery of reporting templates and financial models for $320m in grants resulting in $15m interest allocations and establishment of financial budgets and forecasts;.
Delivery of the University's $1.5bn 2012 Cash flow Forecast resulting in streamlined and automated reporting inputs, increasing accuracy and reduction of manual entry work; and.
Delivery of the University's $227m investment cash flow, automating data inputs and reconciliation controls resulting in improved reporting and increased accuracy.
Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand (Formerly ICAA) – HKICPA equivalent.
Level 1 Candidate of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Institute – in progress.
Volunteer and Charity work – Birds of Passage, Children’s Cancer Council; and  Running – Sydney Marathon, Sydney Half Marathon and City2Surf.273B Punggol Place #02-868, Singapore 822273 • ennovy_88@hotmail.com • +65 9455 3931.
Bachelor of Science in Finance, Graduated Magna Cum Laude, January 2011   GPA: 3.95/4.0.
Price Waterhouse Coopers Risk Services Pte Ltd. | Singapore, Singapore Jul ‘16 to Present.
Planned, led, performed and wrapped up internal audit reviews (operational, financial and compliance) and Sarbanes Oxley reviews for MNC, SGX listed and government clients across various industries (technology, info communications, manufacturing, healthcare, education) across Asia.
Analysed complex ideas or proposals and built meaningful recommendations.
Driven change effectively for clients, understood and managed client expectations appropriately and delivered against firm commitments and value proposition.
Price Waterhouse Coopers LLC | Seattle, Washington Jan ‘15 to Jul ‘16.
Conducted several Sarbanes Oxley compliance reviews, financial and operational audits for Fortune 500 multinational American technology company.
Administered business process internal controls design evaluation and operating effectiveness for US State’s energy utility company.
Managed and prioritized issues based on materiality and risk, and navigated difficult conversations with the client with clarity and sensitivity.
• Planned, led and conducted internal audits for firms across various industries including public sector, consumer products, trading and banking to assess the internal control environment and determine that operational controls are designed and operating as intended.
• Led various governance, regulatory, process and compliance reviews for government statutory boards, public sector entities and non-profit organizations in Asia.
• Provided advisory and regulatory compliance assessment services for the securities industry in Singapore regarding the appropriate policy framework and control measures to be implemented to ensure compliance with the policies and guidelines set forth by local regulatory bodies.
Monthly Expense Management: Prepared, continually reviewed and utilized monthly financial progress reports for multiple luxury retail store branches, wholesale business and showroom of total revenue $30M to determine cost savings.
Monthly Closing Process: conducted variance analysis for expenses and ad hoc projects and promoted cost savings initiatives across the Company; performed monthly general ledger account analysis; posting accruals.
Reconciled at least 600 vendor accounts every season and processed Accounts payable volume of $8M in the past year by consistently offsetting all advances and credits, taking discounts, and maximizing negotiated terms (realized over $100K in savings in the past year).
Certification: Certified Internal Auditor (CIA),Chartered Financial Analysis (CFA) Level II Examination Candidate, December 2013.
Proficient technical knowledge: Aura, TeamMate, Lexis Nexis, Bloomberg, FactSet, QuickBooks, Chaindrive, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access.New Century Asset Management Limited (Manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust).
New Century Asset Management Limited (Manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust (HKMB Stock code# 1275)).
Conduct internal audit reviews on REIT’s operations in HK, PRC and The Netherlands.
To review the lessees’ (hotel operators) internal audit reports prepared by the local internal audit teams and liaise with the teams for recommendations and follow up actions on major findings.
To review corporate governance practice to ensure compliance with the REIT’s Compliance Manual and relevant laws and regulations, including HK Listing Rules, CG Codes, REIT Code, etc.
To assist the management in setting up internal control procedures and risk management framework by analyzing financial and operational performance of the REIT, identifying risks, preparing a key risk register with corresponding action plan for control efficiency improvement and risks mitigation.
To review and assess the momentum of key risk areas which may have adverse impacts on strategic goals and business operations and report major findings to audit committee.
Ongoing monitoring on the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management framework to ensure the alignment of risk management with strategies in decision making process.
To prepare internal control report and risk management and internal control report regularly and report in audit committee meetings.
To involve in potential acquisition and disposal of hotel assets at early project evaluation and due diligence stage for risk assessment and enhancement of control efficiency for transaction and future operations.
To monitor and handle group consolidation work, financial and management reporting, budgeting and forecast and assist on financial due diligence activities during special engagements to prepare schedules on financial information.
To prepare monthly FRR for SFC reporting, perform daily monitoring and notify the management on the status of liquid capital, perform cashflow projection base on liquid capital requirements during the launch of new products.
To monitor the reconciliation of client monies and accounts payables to client and to ensure proper segregation of client monies and company monies (e.g. timely transfer of company profit to company account).
To handle SFC queries (e.g. enquiry on financial statements/ explanation on fluctuation or provide further information on monthly reported FRR).
To align with external auditors and internal compliance manager during annual audit for issuance of financial statements and other relative reporting package documents to SFC.
Notify management on the requirement of SFO for any changes occurred in the company (e.g. change of auditors/ directors).
Provide coaching to finance team staffs (usually 6-7 people) and participate in performance review and appraisal.
(HKMB Stock code# 1) (Property development, property investment, hotel operation and property management),.
(HKMB Stock code# 87001) (Property investment, hotel operation and property management).
AMTD Group Company Limited (subsidiary of Cheung Kong Group) (Personal financial planning and corporate financial consulting ).
To plan and review audit works for audit engagements (usually 6-15 people).
To review conversion from PRC GAAP to HK GAAP prepared by HK client.
To review and furnish consolidated financial statements in accordance with financial reporting standards, Hong Kong Listing Rules and Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts and review client's underlying working papers.
To review and provide guidance on preparing reporting package of Securities and Futures Commission Licensed Corporation and Member of Hong Kong Confederation of Insurance Brokers for reporting to relative regulatory bodies.
To prepare and present audit reports and other technical information to the audit committee.
Participate in Pre-IPO engagements in financial planning and insurance brokerage industry.
To perform 3 years and period end stub audit to obtain evidence on the values and disclosures in the accountants report.
Processing experiences in bond issue engagements of listed companies, like confirmation for accounting information and respective ratio are in conformity to audited financial statements.
Provide coaching and counseling to junior staffs on job and career development.
Jun 2017 Associate of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS).
Sep 2014 Obtained N2 Level qualification of Japanese Language Proficiency Test.
Sept 2009 Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA).
Sep 2003 – Jul 2006 Bachelor of Business Administration (Major in Account & Finance).
Spoken :  Fluent in English and Putonghua, Native in Cantonese.
Current Salary  : HK$50,000 per month with performance bonus (HK$755,000 per annum).
Expected Salary  : HK$66,000 per month with performance bonus.Self-motivated and experienced professional with 6 years of internal audit experience in financial institutions and public sector. Experience includes audit review of General Insurance (Agency Compensation, Underwriting, Claims), Life Insurance (Claims processing), Regulatory Compliance, Cambodia Bank, Fund Management, Private Equity and Credit Operations.
Meticulous and diligent team player with good analytical and problem solving skills. Strong leadership qualities and communication skills. Ability to deliver on multiple commitments.
Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Financial Services Auditor (CFSA) and Chartered Accountant (SG).
Achieved first-placing in Singapore for the P7SGP paper of the December 2013 ACCA examination session.
Lead and execute audit engagements in relation to General Insurance (Agency Compensation, Underwriting, Claims), Life Insurance (Claims processing), Financial Risk Management, Regulatory Compliance audits.
Manages audits with a risk focus and ensure the quality of working papers and audit file to support the findings of audit engagements.
Propose corrective actions for Management to implement that address process control gaps.
Verify adequacy of issue closures for internal audit reports and MAS inspection reports.
Follow-up on Quality Assurance and Improvement Program (QAIP) review.
Develop audit program and perform internal audit review for the Phillip Capital Group, including overseas entities.
Identify and evaluate key risks (using a risk-based methodology) and controls, perform controls testing.
(including design of controls and operating effectiveness) and conduct detailed audit checks.
Recommend improvements to address risks and weakness identified.
Followed up on past audit findings for the Phillip Capital Group (local and oversea) to ensure adequate and timely implementation of control gaps and weaknesses.
Audited areas include credit operations, fund management, private equity and bank.
Perform ad-hoc assignments on improving new processes (lucky draw, pre-generation of pin mailers, registration of online password reset service, return mail, operations certification and risk monitoring for overseas entities).
Developed fraud and whistle blowing E-learning module for the Phillip Capital Group.
Assisted to develop the annual audit plan according to the risk assessment framework.
Plan and perform audits of various functions and processes in the Board.
Evaluate adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of controls and recommend improvements to address risks or weaknesses identified.
Review the adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of the risk management framework and processes.
Evaluate and follow-up on implementation of agreed actions.
Provided secretarial support to the Audit Committee, include managing the Audit Committee meetings and preparation of Audit Committee papers and meeting minutes.
Proficient in Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint  ● Qlikview ● Quick Book ● MYOB.2013 – 2016               Institute of Chartered Accountants – Australia & New Zealand (Expected).
Bachelor of Applied Finance and Bachelor of Commerce –   Accounting.
Identified, highlighted and presented variances, anomalies & trends to a wide audience of senior managers across commercial team, service delivery team, architects and asset managers.
Analysed SLAs in the new Westpac contract and their financial implications on the account.
Interviewed solution consultants & project managers weekly to get input for the weekly cadence meeting.
Providing commentary on actual, budget & forecast variances.
Choreograph & perform Bollywood dances at events & functions (private & charity).
Played with Woman’s North West Hurricanes Cricket Team and previously played with the Gordon woman’s cricket team.
Part of the buddy program for new Telstra graduates (Domestic & International).
Assess governance and internal controls through various audits for Telstra’s international operations following Telstra’s internal audit methodology.
Business Process Outsourcing – Call Centres (Philippines).
Prepare & Publish the monthly internal newsletter for the General Internal Audit team at Telstra (Melbourne & Hong Kong).
Finance Graduate – National Broadband Network Retail Finance.
Preparation & distribution of the monthly NBN sales consumer and business report.
Input financial metrics (e.g. revenue, ARPU, SIOs) &  physicals (rollout, connections, market share) into the NBN dashboard from various sources & calculations and.
Prepare pack for Business Performance Review for Telstra NBN team.
Prepare and finalise the NBN dashboard for the results meeting with Executive Director of NBN.
Analyse financial metrics for variances and anomalies that require further investigation.
Constructing Bring your own device plans for Global Enterprise Customers (GES).
Developing strategy on connected tablets and researching market share in Australia.
Assisting with the development of Enterprise Fleet Plan refresh for (GES).
Draw on conjoint simulations to do sensitivity analysis on Telstra consumer plans.
Created a prioritization tool for customized pricing team based on pipeline deal on a quarterly basis.
Finance Graduate – Global Enterprise Services Finance (Westpac Account).
Preparing data & attending weekly interlock meeting (Sales Team).
Presenting the financials at the monthly account governance meeting to account management.
Assisting the CDE (Customer Delivery Executive) with queries/requests.
Asset Management Analysis – Assisted commercial and T&T teams to clean up the remedy system to assist in correct billing for Westpac under the new contract by analysing large volumes of asset data.