Address                           : Block 418, Bedok Avenue 2, #03-89 Singapore 460418.
Member of Institute Singapore of Chartered Accountant, ISCA.
Associate member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountant, ACMA.
Chartered Institute of Management Accountant (CIMA) Professional Certification.
I was awarded The S Laurence Gill Prize for achieving the world highest mark in Financial Accounting Paper during my first attempt in November 1997 CIMA examination.
A corporate service providers providing services on company formation, accounting, tax and payroll services to clients both in Singapore and outside Singapore.
I would liaise with clients to provide quotations, and consultancy advice in relation to preparation of the company’s full sets of accounts, compilation reports, corporate tax, Goods and Services Tax (GST), withholding tax, individual tax as well as payroll service.
The consultancy services provided is to assist companies incorporated in Singapore to comply with ACRA, IRAS and CPF rules and regulations.
I am leading a team of more than 10 staffs within the Accounting and Tax department and reporting to Chief Operating Officer.
As a senior management of company, I am also a member of Company Risk and Regulatory Compliance (CRRC) committee as well as sub-committee reviewing and overseeing the overall risk associated with clients on boarding and other operational risk.
I am also actively involved in the strategy development of the department and the team.
I also provide training to the staffs with regards to specific tax and payroll topics as this improves the sharing of information.
A full licensed bank in Singapore providing financial services to retail and corporate customers.
I was responsible in closing month-end and year-end for the Corporate Real Estate Services (CRES) department and ensure that reporting deadlines are met. I was reporting to Regional Senior Finance Manager and to the Head of CRES who was also the head of department.
I was involved in the preparation of the Bank’s annual property budget and quarterly rolling forecast to Group within tight deadlines.
I was the business partner of the real estate and facility management operations team in order to assist them in analyzing the cost spent against budget and to explain on the variances in management reporting.
I was assisted by a Finance Officer who was responsible in processing daily invoices payment and preparation of accounting journals.
An international public accounting firm specialized in audit, tax and advisory services.
My audit clients were mainly financial institutions, merchant banks, a listed group of real estate companies and a government linked group of media companies.
I managed portfolio of audit engagements independently with minimal supervision from managers and partners.
I planned, organized, supervised and allocate audit field work to junior associates and monitored the progress of the audit engagement.
I identified critical and significant audit risk areas and developed a detailed audit plan for engagement managers and partners.
I conducted walkthrough interviews with senior management personnel to understand business processes, risks and controls. I walked through the processes and assessed the effectiveness of the controls implemented. I reviewed control testing performed to ascertain that the effectiveness of control and reported on control deficiencies identified.
I had exposure in performing a bank’s walkthrough processes which include treasury, trade finance, loan, risk control, settlement, accounts, as well as compliance and regulatory reporting.
I had experience in performing bank overall compliance and regulatory reporting based on KPMG regulatory audit program.
I was in charged for financial statements audit. This includes checks performed on the comprehensive income statement, statement of financial positions as well as all the disclosure notes in the financial statements. I reviewed the financial statements to ensure the compliance with accounting and auditing requirements.
A public listed company in Singapore specializes in provision of services in service apartments in Asia Pacific as well as in Europe countries.
I was responsible in keeping full set of accounts for companies within the group of which their principal activities were investment holdings, property developments and retail malls.
A public listed company in Malaysia, which activities are manufacturing and distribution of food supplements and health care products.
I was responsible in the preparation of group consolidated accounts and quarterly announcements reports in accordance to listing requirements. This includes review on foreign subsidiaries financial reports, coordinate with overseas finance team and auditors.
I was also involved in product costing and pricing, implementation of budgetary control system for the group.
A subsidiary of a public listed company in Taiwan, which activities are manufactures and distributes electronics instruments.
I was responsible in handling full set of accounts includes general ledger, account payables and accounts receivables. I prepared monthly management reports such as product profitability report, sales analysis and provide variance explanations against forecasted sales for management information. I liaised with auditors, tax agents and bankers in daily operational matters. I reported directly to Managing Director.Conversant with accounting practices across healthcare, F&B and beauty industries.
Work well independently and collaboratively towards deadlines.  Proficient in written and spoken English and Mandarin.
Senior Executive - Finance Planning & Analysis (Feb 2017 – present).
• Managing accounts payable duties; purchase requisition, purchase order and coding of invoices.
Performing month-end journal entries; accrual, reversal, re-class, intercompany transactions.
Verification and coding of employee expense report and ensuring compliance with company policy.
Manage customer master data in the system; code creation, set-up margin and pricing maintenance.
Senior Executive - Finance Planning & Analysis (Jan 2015 – Dec 2015).
• Managed accounts receivable, bank reconciliation, general ledger, fixed assets and other functions.
Produced and consolidated monthly, quarterly and annual financial reports for the group, including analysis and commentary on major variances.
Coordinated with internal departments to produce annual budget and forecast.   Closely monitored cash flow to maintain cash threshold for smooth operations.
Built detailed financial models and data base to track sales and analyse financial performances of the group to support decision making for operations.
Conducted monthly cash audits to prevent misappropriation of funds.
Liaised with external tax agents to prepare, review and submit various statutory filings to the relevant tax authorities.
• Prepared monthly audit schedules, bank reconciliation statements, AR aging days and AR aging reports, claims submission for various projects, statutory statistics filing; all in timely fashion.
 Liaised with various departments to ensure accurate retrieval and dissemination of information.
SAP, SAP Ariba, My Purchases, MYOB, Excel, Word and PowerPoint.To obtain a position in the investment and finance field, with potential for increased responsibilities and professional growth.
Handling client onboarding and KYC processing on retail and institutional clients.
Communicate with sales and product teams with client’s issues.
Liaise with transfer agency for daily trading issues from clients’ requests.
Answer operation questions and issue to clients by emails and phone calls.
Handling ad hoc projects related to operation flow enhancement.
Communicate with compliance and legal for account opening documentation.
Handling regular shareholder notices and prospectus update with legal and sales team.
Daily support Traders and Fund Managers to execute Equities, Bonds, Futures, Swap.
Handling Corporate Actions (Equities, Bonds, Derivative products) for APAC markets.
Liaise with brokers, fund administrator (StateStreet) and front office for trade issues.
Liaise with internal legal team and compliance for preparing broker account opening documentations.
Responsible for client on boarding, KYC procedures with Transfer agent (TA)’s AML team for retail distributors / institutional clients within Asia Pacific region (including Japan).
Assist a team to set up an operation procedure i.e. KYC procedures, check list.
Handle daily trade orders execution with TA (offshore funds).
Answer clients enquires on relevant fund products (offshore mutual funds) by phone and emails.
Work with team members to coordinate clients' request for Proposal (RFP), including presentations, Offering Memorandum (OM), confirmation letters (side letters) and Service Level Agreements (SLA).
Prepare and coordinate semi and yearly offering documentation such as prospectus, KFS.
Coordinate corporate action event when there’s fund merger, fund closure. We need to working internal legal team, product team to consolidate the Shareholder Letters, and annual report for retail/ institutional clients.
Handle fund reporting to particular clients regarding to the corporate action event.
Participate in ad hoc project (i.e. New funds launch, operation procedure enhancement with Transfer agent).
ChinaLife Franklin Asset Management Company Ltd (Jun 27, 2011 – Oct 26, 2012).
Liaise with different counter parties and service providers for resolving transaction discrepancies, trade breaks etc. e.g. contact with custodians for Cash balances, holding discrepancies, brokers and trustees on investigation of trade breaks.
Support Front Office team members (FMs & Traders) for daily trade orders and issues,.
Supervising the daily operation flow processing (Euroclear, CCASS, and CMU) and setting up new fund operation flows.
Responsible for trade pre-matching and settlement on HK Cash Equities (ETF, IPO, Private placement products, OTC, Options), Deposit, FX and Fix Income trades (US Corp Bonds, RMB Bonds, Convertible Bond Treasury Bonds, New Issue private placement).through CMT, Oasis, CMU and Euroclear platform.
Prepare of reconciliation reports such as, reconcile custodian bank statement against internal cash balance; Custodian daily holding reports against internal security holding positions and trade confirmation against internal trade record (trade breaks).
Handle and follow up corporate action events, proxy voting and confirm with custodian bank under Fund Manager (FM) instructions.
Coordinating system testing and procedures enhancement with IT team (e.g. UAT, and parallel run, create some macros/VBA to streamline the process).
Supervise and solving daily settlement issues with Front desk (FM & Trader) and counterparties (Trustees, Brokers and Custodians).
Handling new fund set up project (SLA, OM) and accounts opening with Custodian, Brokers (OTC a/c opening and ISDA documentation), Fund Administrator, and Sales team.
Liaise with Compliance for setting up new funds trading rules.
Penjing Asset Management (HK) Limited (Nov 10, 2010 to Jun 24, 2011).
Prepare (Hedge fund’s fund of fund) Financial reports, reconciliation reports, e.g. Cash, holding, price reconciliations.
Cash management for cash flow and reconcile cash balance on weekly base vs. custodian records.
Procedures improvement and automate some routine works with using some macros/VBA.
Handle trade placement with counterparties (Administrator and Custodians).
Handle fee settlement (Management, Performance fee) instructions.
Investment guideline monitoring (Risk Management report).
Participate to internal back office system development, UAT and system testing in order to improve daily operation flows.
Handle trade enquiries with front office , custodians, brokers and counterparties.
Trades handling (Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Korea market) such as swaps, equities, bonds, etc.
Prepare daily trade files and upload to online system and confirm with custodian before day end.
Reconcile daily cash and holding positions (trade breaks) between custodian records.
Undertake the responsibility to supervise the Assistant Officer for preparing ORSO & MPF Cash Flow report to Fund Managers of Fix Income, Equity(ETF, IPO), daily cash flow report & Reconciliation report to support UK office,.
Assist in various Regional projects with Philippine,  for system enhancements e.g. UAT and support other territories for new funds launch.
Provide support and system improvement for Reconciliation tools enhancement project within the Asia Pacific Region (Price, Position, NAV, etc.) to centralize some routine daily work flows.
and prepare Daily Reconciliation for Price, Position, NAV, Dividend and Cash positions by running macro in excel spread sheet.
Follow up and liaise with counterparties such as fund administrator, custodian and broker for transaction discrepancies and trade breaks.
Handle Cash Management for ON Balance Sheet Funds and OFF Balance Sheet Funds (Monitor each fund accounts daily cash balance and provide projected OD report to Fund Managers).
Prepare re-balancing instructions under Fund Manager instruction.
Prepare and monitor a FX instruction for currencies shortfall, due to Redemption, Trade, and Expenses.
Maintain the accuracy of system data base and the accuracy of On and Off Balance Sheet Funds of Cash, Position, Price and NAV Reconciliations with back office system (Portia).
Prepare and supervise daily & Monthly Fund Valuation (NAV, Price) within the Asia Pacific Region (i.e. Philippine and ).
Assist in ad hoc fund transfer instruction to other Trustee Banks for confirm cash inflow from HK Controller.
Prepare Monthly Management Fee settlement report, AUM reports, Monthly Expense settlement Reports, Monthly Credit Bond Reports to various counter parties ( e.g.  office, HK controller ).
Work on Trade settlement on Cash Equities, Swaps, Options, FI and Corp.Actions  – In Asian and global Market.
Daily download New Securities and handle Corp Actions events.
Check the accuracy of daily trade settlement, trade confirmation and trade tickets before sending out trade tickets through CCASS, Euroclear, CMU.
University of Western Ontario (2006) Bachelor of Economics.
Yorkland Secondary School (2003) Ontario Secondary School Diploma.
IT Application: MS Window, MS Office, database and email applications.Expanding my professional career by seeking more exposure, challenging and dynamic environment, while contributing to the company's objective.
* Self motivated and willing to work extra hours to complete the task.
* Ability to think and find solution when the job is facing problems.
- Overall accounting, taxation, and management reporting for Property Division.
- Preparation of financial planning, budgeting control and cash flow monitoring.
- Liaise with internal auditor, external auditor company secretary and tax agent for audit/financial matters.
- reporting, comprehensive analysis and reporting on management account for holding company as well as Group consolidation, Group performance against budget and tax planning.
- Prepare quarterly interim financial statement for release to Bursa Malaysia.
- Liaise with internal auditor, external auditor company secretary and tax agent for audit/financial matters.
- Conduct statutory audit on private and public companies, ensuring the auditing progress of clients’ financial statements are in compliance with the accounting standards and other requirement.
- Lead audit team in performing the audit of public listed companies.
- Industries involved before – property development, construction, manufacturing companies, trading companies, service providers, unit trust managers and etc.
- Assist senior in conducting the statutory audit, attend stock take in order to ensure the existence of the.
- Prepare tax computation and submit Form C and Form R and assist tax department in personal filing.
47, JALAN RIMBUNAN MATAHARI 1, LAMAN RIMBUNAN, KUALA LUMPUR, 52100,.Flat 9B, Liang Ga Building•296-302 Des Voeux Road West • Hong Kong.
Over 8 years of accounting and finance experience in banking and finance industry.
Specialise in multinational companies with expertise in working closely with SSC.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; great attention to details.
Prepare monthly management reporting covering P/L variance analysis and profitability analysis for senior management.
Provide analytical review on monthly revenue account and balance sheet packs for APAC business operations, covering 9 business units across APAC.
Synthesize on monthly accounts information and provided insight on financial performance to commercial team.
Supervise an offshore shared service team (SSC) on preparation of monthly accounts, provide training to the team and enhance the quality of deliverables for Group’s accounting requirements.
Review the Group monthly PL and Balance Sheet packs prepared by SSC team.
Involve in annual budgeting and forecasting for each business operation in APAC.
Prepare deliverables for interim and year-end audit fieldwork and the audited financial statement (AFS) for management sign-off.
Provide all necessary inputs for tax filing, complying with all accounting standards and external regulatory requirements.
Train junior accounting staffs on best practices and areas of improvement in preparation of monthly account.
Waring Group – Company Management Accountant (Melbourne, Australia).
Prepare Group/Company monthly full-set management accounts, including preparation of schedules and reports within the monthly management report pack.
Prepare monthly reconciliations of various accounts (Assets, Inventory, AR, AP, Cash Management, Prepayments, Accruals and Inter-company transactions) and reconciliation journals.
Assist in budgeting and forecasting, perform KPI reporting, cash flow management and foreign currency accounting for the group’s local and overseas companies.
Variance analysis of month end results or other analysis as required (e.g. margin analysis, returns analysis, stock obsolescence).
Commercial analysis to assist business managers in improving their performances.
Work with the Financial Controller in the preparation of annual budgets and quarterly forecasts within agreed defined deadlines.
Prepare taxation returns for timely submission, accurately and in accordance with the law: income tax, fringe benefits tax, business activity statements, withholding tax claims.
Tax effect accounting for relevant entities including DTA, DTL, PIT and income tax for year end and reporting requirements.
Work closely with auditors to ensure compliance with all accounting standards and external regulatory requirements.
Monitoring accounting policies and financial controls and ensuring that they are in accordance with the AFRS.
Provided services and advices on superannuation consulting and compliance  of self-managed super funds.
Assisted in software selection and training including MYOB and QuickBooks.
Agri Enterprises Pty Ltd (MyPak Packaging) - Assistant Accountant (Melbourne, Australia).
Responsible for monthly reconciliations, bookkeeping duties,  maintenance of general ledger and accounting systems.
Prepared financial statements, tax reports and liquidity and cash flow analysis.
Managed monthly submission of Business Activities Statement (BAS).
Prepared the Fringe Benefit Tax (FBT) reporting and Australian Tax Office (ATO) Returns.
2007              Member of the National Institute of Accountants Australia.
2006              Hong Kong Students’ Association & Accounting Students’ Association.
Fluent in written and spoken English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and accounting softwares: MYOB, QuickBooks, Oracle, SAP, Hyperion and ERP.Responsible for finance, administration and human resource functions, reporting to regional director.
Budgeting and forecasting, financial and management reporting as well as monthly internal reporting.
Review and monitor business expenditures, cost control center strategy planning.
Liaise with external auditors on financial audit and reporting.
Work with government agencies including IRAS, CPF and Ministry of Manpower on compliance with regulatory requirements.
Human resource function including payroll, recruitment, taxes, and filling to government bodies.
Enhance the efficiency of financial procedures by reducing the lead time required for processing payment to external parties.
Streamline internal control by effectively reducing the operating cost of $300,000 on a $2 million budgeted cost.
Responsible for finance and human resource department, reporting to executive director.
Month-end closing, financial statements & management reporting.
Budgeting and forecasting, monthly budget against actual variance analysis.
Cash flow forecasting and planning for treasury management.
Full spectrum of human resource function and compliance with government rules and regulations.
Leading to form the finance and human resource team and successfully implement the process and procedure of the respective departments.
Effectively reduce the wastage of stock by enhancing the inventory system and therefore improve the liquidity of cash flow.
Head of finance department and reporting to executive director.
Ensured statutory accounts and management accounts were timely and accurately prepared.
Liaised with external auditors on the yearly audit and financial reporting.
Worked with internal auditors on accounting and operating procedures and control system.
Coordinated with company department heads on budgeting and forecasting.
Fixed assets management for financial and internal control.
Improvement of the Accounting Procedures by successfully completing and submitting financial reports within stipulated time frame.
Enhanced procedure on daily cash handling $30,000 and improved internal controls.
Responsible for full set of accounts including general ledger, cash book, accounts receivable, accounts payable and inter-company account reconciliation.
In charge of the company credit control function and improved customers account receivable aging.
Handled customer invoices, credit notes and credit advice issues.
Coordinated with operation (export and import) department to improve accounting process such as enhanced documents flows and costing procedures.
Updated accounts receivable aging schedule to assure that customers remain within their credit limits and collected past due accounts.
Generated and analysed monthly reports including sales, purchases, accounts receivable and accounts payable to assist principal made critical decisions.
Maintained cash book to avoid cheques returned for having insufficient funds in the account.  Prepared monthly bank reconciliation.
Recovered under and over billed accounts by examining accounting records and contacted customers to resolve these errors.
Bachelor Degree of Business Administration in Accountancy.09/2008-06/2012     Bachelor Degree in International Trade of Guangdong University of Technology.
Remark: Qualification assessed by HKCAAVQ as a local Bachelor (Hon) Degree.
05/2014-05/2017      Fohang Wonstar Shipping (HK) Co., Ltd   (Hong Kong Office).
·Verified accuracy of billing data; Ensured invoice error free.
07/2012-04/2014      Fohang Wonstar Shipping (HK) Co., Ltd    (Mainland Head Office).
·Contacted with agents abroad, assisting clients in picking up cargo.To obtain a position of responsibilities that utilise my skills and experience and to work in an environment where I can enrich my knowledge, provides me with job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organisation's goals.
• Completed ACCA Part – 2 Examination • Completed ACCA Part – 3 Examination.
May 2008 - Admitted as a Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) August 2010 - Admitted as a Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA).
prepare audit schedules and information for annual audit of financial statements.
preparation of schedule and analysis for quarterly announcement.
liaison with external auditors in relation to the annual statutory audit.
oversee the daily operation of investment holding company (including verified payment issued, verified journal voucher, monitoring cashflow of the company, charging of management fees to subsidiary companies, submission of GST return, preparation of annual budget).
Malaysia 2nd Place Prize Winner for Paper C5 ( Managing Finance ).
Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) and Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA).
involve in drafting financial statement for both public listed and dormant company.
compilation of financial and related information for both internal and external reporting purposes such as preparation of quarterly review and report for release to the Stock Exchange (i.e. Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad) and the annual statutory financial statements of the Group.
handled full set of account for including closing of account, prepare tax computation & drafting of statutory accounts.
preparation of proforma financial statements in relation to corporate restructuring and business combination.
study and evaluate various accounting software with the objective of implementing better information system.
study and research on newly introduced Revised Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ("MFRSs") and assist in formulation of the group accounting policies and reporting package.
liaison with external auditors in relation to the annual statutory audit.
review and analyse the management accounts submitted by subsidiaries and evaluate the performance of these subsidiaries maintenance of accounting records and ledgers for a number of investment holding companies including the preparation of monthly management accounts.
- preparation of information for monthly management reporting to management & Board.
- preparation of information for monthly management reporting to management & Board.
perform month end intercompany balance reconciliation & foreign exchange revaluation for iProperty Grp of Companies (IPP), which include subsidiary company from Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia & Thailand and posting necessary foreign exchange adjustments.
preparation of IT capitalisation schedule to determine amount to be capitalised as intangible assets (calculate based on IT staffs working hours towards IT project & to analyse whether it is capital or operating in nature in order to determine the amount to be capitalised).
perform month end closing and variance analysis for investment holding company & management company accounts. (which include accrual of loan interest, audit & tax fees, calculation of provision for bonus & compensated leave, capitalised of intangible asset, amortisation of intangible asset & etc).
to monitor payment and company cashflow position, perform fund request when required.
maintenance and creation of reports generated from the accounting software, Microsoft Dynamic GP.
liaison with external auditors in relation to the annual statutory audit.
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), ACCPAC, SAP (FICO), Microsoft Dynamic GP.
perform month end intercompany balance reconciliation & foreign exchange revaluation for iProperty Grp of Companies (IPP), which include subsidiary company from Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia & Thailand and posting necessary foreign exchange adjustments.
preparation of IT capitalisation schedule to determine amount to be capitalised as intangible assets (calculate based on IT staffs working hours towards IT project & to analyse whether it is capital or operating in nature in order to determine the amount to be capitalised).
perform month end closing and variance analysis for investment holding company & management company accounts. (which include accrual of loan interest, audit & tax fees, calculation of provision for bonus & compensated leave, capitalised of intangible asset, amortisation of intangible asset & etc).
to monitor payment and company cashflow position, perform fund request when required.
maintenance and creation of reports generated from the accounting software, Microsoft Dynamic GP.
liaison with external auditors in relation to the annual statutory audit.
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), ACCPAC, SAP (FICO), Microsoft Dynamic GP.Kuen Cheng High’s School - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia November 2000.
CARRIER RENTAL SYSTEMS ASIA PTE LTD (Subsidiary of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION) Apr 2013-present.
• To oversees & coordinate all the accounting functions of Malaysia and Singapore entity with Shared Service Center.
• To review accounts reconciliations prepared by Shared Service Center.
• To review monthly actual and forecast cash flow prepared by Shared Service Center.
• To in-charge of withholding tax payment arise from the payment to overseas companies for Malaysia and Singapore entity.
• To maintain accurate fixed assets register and stock listing include the physical existence of all fixed assets and stock through quarterly and year-end counting.
• To prepare GST quarterly reporting on timely basis and ensure that reports are prepared in accordance with IRAS (Singapore) and IRB (Malaysia) guidelines.
• To prepare estimated corporate tax computations to ensure adequate tax provision are provided and liaised with tax agents on all corporate taxation matters for Malaysia and Singapore entity.
• To coordinate month-end journals with Shared Service Center and ensure that all the entries are recorded accurately.
• To prepare WHQ reports as and when required on timely basis.
• To assist in tracking the key orders, quotation in demand planning to meet the robust forecasting process.
• To assist in any ad-hoc assignments and complete before deadline set.
• To assist in the preparation of annual statutory audit files and coordinate with external/internal auditors pertaining to any query raise.
• To review all month-end and year end duties within deadlines and ensure Shared Service Center upload HFM data information within agreed time frame in supporting the month end closing and monthly forecasting process.
• To ensure that all documents and vouchers are filed accordingly.
• To conduct Sarbanes Oxley assessments and report finding.
• Assist with the improvement and development of SAP system into the growing needs of business.
• Handling full spectrum of accounting for Malaysia subsidiary.
• Handling and validation of staff travelling claims and petty cash reimbursement.
• Performing daily close for receipts, sales, purchases and inventory reports.
• Performing monthly accounts closing and monthly bank reconciliation.
• Preparing of Audit Schedule and facilitating liaisons with external auditors.
• Manage store inventory and assist in entering order into system.
• Performing fullest supports and liaison to colleagues in Malaysia.
• Assisting on data entries or documents checking for other subsidiaries.
• Clearing of back log accounts for the year 2006 till to-date.
• AP - Checking and processing payments (Cheque, TT, invoice financing), liaising with suppliers.
• Preparing financial statements, management reports and etc.
• Preparing and ensure timely submission of quarterly tax returns (GST submission).
• Preparing and updating of fixed assets schedules and disposal of fixed assets listing.
• Preparing of Audit Schedule and facilitating closed liaisons with external auditors.
• Perform monthly accounts closing, staff payroll, bank reconciliation, customers and suppliers ageing reports.
• Close liaison with auditors, tax agents, bankers, company secretary and regulatory government bodies.
• Coordinate and organize weekly meeting and draft minutes of meeting.
• Perform basic clerical duties including typing, general correspondence, filling and other general office duties.
• Responsible for office administrative works such as writing business letter or reports.
• Manage and sort daily courier service delivery and mail distribution.
• Perform monthly accounts closing, staff payroll, bank reconciliation, customers and suppliers ageing reports.
• Close liaison with auditors, tax agents, bankers, company secretary and regulatory government bodies.
• Responsible for office administrative works such as writing business letter, drafting minutes of meeting, internal memo, office up-keeping and other correspondence duties.
• Liaised with overseas’ customers on goods ordering matters.
• Assist on operation section to arrange and confirm for overseas shipments.
• Assist on daily courier service delivery and mail distribution.
• Attend to all inquiries from external customers and suppliers.
Language fluency: Mandarin ; English ; Malay ; Cantonese ; Hakka.
Computer skills: Ms. Office / UBS / POS / AccPac / MYOB / SAP / Hyperion.Performance-driven, insightful and detail-oriented professional  with demonstrated strengths in integrating Information.
Technology with Finance/Accounts to produce beneficial  results for the betterment of the organisation.
Handle all duties of accounts payable using Oracle AP module.
Checking and uploading of monthly AR invoices  issued by Hong Kong head office into AR segment.
Perform bank reconciliations in Oracle via uploading of bank statements from bank portal.
Process staff expenses claims via Oracle Internet Expenses.
Prepare monthly journal entries, audit schedules, analyse variances or discrepancies in P&L and B/S items and execute other month-end closing procedures.
Assist in updating the Fixed Assets Register and accounting for depreciation as per company policy.
Respond to queries pertaining to AR and AP from customers/suppliers.
Extract reports from system for management review as and when required.
Conduct trainings for new staff on submitting expense claims in Oracle.
Was heavily involved in the major transition from QuickBooks to Oracle accounting software.
Improved processes within Oracle and resolved several problems.
Central Asia and the Middle East involved in Engineering, Camp Construction, Aviation, Logistics & Procurement and International Development projects.
To inspect and ensure that all funds donated by various international agencies are being spent in accordance to agencies’ policies and all monies are accounted for to the finest detail.
Verify that all expense entries in AP are recorded accurately by accounts assistants.
Recording of all incoming/outgoing money transfers: - Incoming funds - Reconcile amounts and report back to mgmt. on outstanding balance.
- Outgoing funds - Process cash requests forwarded by various countries and issue instructions for funds withdrawal to country managers.
To provide weekly/monthly/annual reports to aid agencies on budgeted/actual/forecasted spending with respective analysis and reasoning where needed.
Involve in audits conducted directly by auditors from aid agencies as well as internal audits.
Conduct inductions & trainings in both Singapore & overseas for international finance staff working in branch offices and project operation sites.
Supervised a team of 4 accounts assistants and guided them in daily accounting work.
USAID (US Agency for International Development) Project worth USD200 million for development in Afghanistan.
CIDA (Canadian International Development Agency) – Project worth CAD14 million for development of rural areas in Indonesia.
AUSAID (Australia Agency for International Development) – Project worth AUD10 million for development in Myanmar &.
Handle full set of accounts for subsidiary company (pest mgmt services).
Handle partial set of accounts for parent company (cleaning services).
Handle partial set of accounts for parent company (landscaping services).
Issue invoices and ad-hoc billings & process payments and bank-in receipts.
Proper planning and time management ability to deliver results under tight deadlines.
Excellent communication skills with an ability to interpret and communicate financial data to non-financial colleagues/clients.
Presentation skills demonstrated in educating staff on new claim submission procedures.
Constantly fine-tunes and audits plans, processes and systems.
Proper planning and time management ability to deliver results under tight deadlines.
Excellent communication skills with an ability to interpret and communicate financial data to non-financial colleagues/clients.
Presentation skills demonstrated in educating staff on new claim submission procedures.
Constantly fine-tunes and audits plans, processes and systems.
Bookkeeping of accounts on monthly basis, perform bank transactions and reconciliations.
Registration and coding of all inventory and updating of purchases into system.
To check and account for inventory such as magazines, for return to supplier at month end.5 Jul 2004 – Present             Certified Practising Accountant (CPA) Australia.
3 Mar 2003 – 28 Oct 2004        Monash University (Masters of Practising Accounting).
26 Jun 2000 – 13 Dec 2002     Monash University (Bachelor of Business – Banking and.
Oversight of internal finance functions to ensure compliance with accounting standards and regulatory requirements.
Review of month end reports done by the shared service center.
Preparation of Month end review pack which includes analysis of actuals against budget, providing commentaries, staff chargeability analysis and client profitability analysis.
Assist the Finance Director to act as a business partner to the Managing Directors and Chief Operating Officer to provide sound and independent financial advice to support key business decisions.
Integration of the finance function across the expanded business and involved in mapping processes with regards to new business acquisitions and projects.
Continuous process improvement – working with business teams to maximize efficiency of processes and systems.
Supporting the Managing Directors (MDs) and Chief Operating Officer (COO) in strategic initiatives.
Post: Assistant Vice-President, Financial Reporting (Contract).
Accountable for financial reporting of the HSBC Institutional Trust Business.
Ensure month end reporting is accurate, review balance sheet reconciliations and month end financial statements.
Analyse actuals against budget and produce monthly commentaries for senior management.
Assisting in the preparation of Singapore Corporate Income Tax Returns and regulatory surveys.
Accountable for expense management reporting for the Corporate Finance and Principal Finance Business.
Provide expense reporting for performance management. This includes expenses reporting, analysis, budgeting, management information analysis, variance analysis and ad-hoc deep dive investigation.
Ensure monthly transactions are accurate and liaise with various stakeholders (product controllers, regional controllers, business COO teams, accounting and valuation teams) to resolve various month-end issues.
Developing insight into the key cost drivers, providing commentaries of the drivers that are informative and insightful, and identifying key issues for follow-up action.
Produce monthly expense commentaries for senior management.
Co-ordinate expense forecast process with the Business and all countries to provide centrally driven forecast numbers.
Extensive client engagement responsibilities with the business stakeholders as well as the senior finance management team at the regional and global level.
Involved in the implementation of a Principal Finance Project to maintain key controls to reduce month end errors and improve efficiency.
Post: Manager, Finance Controller (Corporate Reporting & Analysis).
Form strong working relationships through liaison with the Business Units and Technology Teams to advice on best practices and manage risk by maintaining effective controls over the firm’s business activities.
Providing high quality and timely Technology expense reports and analysis (Budget and Trend Analysis, Monthly Variance explanations) to senior management and the Business Unit Heads.
Month-end closing reporting responsibilities which include cost pool review and analysis, reviewing allocations of expenses focusing on Market Data expenses (eg. Bloomberg and Reuters subscriptions) in the Asia Pacific region.
Review accruals posted by various teams, analyzing month on month trends and report on anomalies.
Prepare the monthly financial pack to present to various Business Unit Heads with analysis and detailed commentaries.
Preparation of various ad hoc investigations and reports as required by Business Unit leaders.
Preparation and review of quarterly Forecast and Budget figures, working with counterparts in New York to present final figures and analysis to Business Unit Heads.
Involved in various Morgan Stanley projects and Joint Ventures to determine accounting treatment of various items especially at inception of new projects.
Daily analysis and substantiation of new trading activity to report to traders and for discussion with Business Unit Controllers.
Focused on Fixed Income products such as bonds, interest rate swaps and options.
Preparation of analysis and commentary on significant profit and loss items with reference to wider market fundamentals.
Daily reconciliation of the Risk systems attributed P&L to the Reporting system’s P&L, investigation of breaks and liaison with Operations and IT to ensure timely resolution.
Reporting and escalation of breaks to the Business Unit Controllers.
Distribution of reportable Trade date +1 P&L with analytics to the Business Unit for sign off.
Monitoring and resolution of position breaks as appropriate.
Compilation and reporting of manual adjustments and breaks data to the Business Unit Controllers.
Work closely with manager to improve efficiency by challenging processes and procedures.
Review and implement key accounting controls especially in the new regulatory environment.
Post: Assistant Financial Accountant in charge of the largest Canola commodity product ledger.
Assist in the maintenance of the general ledger using JD Edwards accounting system.
Preparation of the monthly balance sheet reconciliation process, providing substantiation and analysis of various accounts and presenting the information to the Business head during monthly meetings.
Assist with the preparation and closing of the monthly and year-end accounts for the merchandising side of the business and assist with analysis of results.
Involved in Month-end accounting processes including inventory and open contract valuations and Canola commodity Profit & Loss discussions with the traders.
Assist external auditors with statutory reports and liaise with various internal departments to resolve issues and work together on projects to drive efficiency.
Involvement in checking of daily position – analysing daily Foreign exchange exposure.
Settlement of weekly margin calls and futures transactions with JP Morgan Sydney.
Complete monthly summary foreign exchange report and cash flow forecast.
Quarterly analysis and interpretation of tax sensitive information for inclusion in Australian Tax Office returns.
Assisting in the preparation of AUD income tax returns, Fringe Benefit Tax, Business Activity Statement returns and other regulatory requirements such as Australian Bureau of Statistics surveys.
Involved in quarterly reporting to head office via Cartesis consolidation accounting system.
Preparation and maintenance of accurate financial accounts and reports.
Ledger impacting turnover of approximately $35 million AUD.
Post: Assistant Financial Accountant in charge of a portfolio of investment properties.
General ledger maintenance and numerous analysis including profit & loss and inter-company accounts.
Developed comprehensive procedures to ensure balanced accounts receivable ledger. Prior to this, analysed all subledger reports to determine which accounts did not balance, then further analysed system and reports to target initial problem.
Carried out Month End rollover procedures, analysed, compared and interpreted facts and figures from the reports.
Assisted the senior accountant to prepare and lodge annual regulatory reports and tax returns to the Australian Securities and Investment Commission (ASIC), handling over 80 subsidiaries and annual operating revenues of over $10 million AUD.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
C-1-08, Sri Pandan Condominium, Pandan Mewah, 68000 Ampang, Kuala Lumpur                       yogesvaran.saithu@gmail.com.
A Group Finance Manager with 17 years working experience in various industries such as IT, Oil & Gas, Heavy Lifting, Maritime, Port Services, Telecommunication, Venture capital & private equity, Media & broadcasting. Able to handle a finance team, cash flow management, budgeting, management reporting, and tax planning, reviewing and analysing financial report with ratio and variance analysis. Worked with diverse group of investors, business partners, directors, auditors, bankers (USA, Norway, India, Singapore & Indonesia).
To be successful in Finance and Accounting and to excel in the field of Management in a fast paced and forward thinking company in which my abilities and qualifications can be challenged and expanded.
1998-2000                 University of Western Sydney (Hawkesbury Australia).
Schlumberger is the world’s leading supplier of technology, integrated project management and information solutions to customers working in the oil and gas industry worldwide. Schlumberger Malaysia contributes to the local knowledge, innovation and teamwork in developing the hydrocarbon industry.
Period                : Jan 2016 – todate (contract end by November 2017)  Responsibilities:.
Prepares financial analysis and reports for review, to assist decision-making and planning.
Prepares, reconciles and reviews balance sheet notes, including sub systems, and participates in follow-up actions.
Prepares and analyses profit and loss accounts including reviews of revenue and cost transactions.
Provides profit and loss analysis for bid planning purposes.
Meets deadlines, and ensures quality of deliverables to ensure KPI objectives are met.
CISCO Systems is a worldwide IT leader. CISCO founded on 1984 in San Francisco, California. CISCO has become the worldwide leader in networking, transforming how people connect, communicate and collaborate.
Location            : KL Sentral, Kuala Lumpur Period                : Dec 2014 – Sept 2015 Responsibilities:.
Prepare and disseminate timely and accurate financial information. Generating reports, analyses and                   models as requested by the business to support the overall process regionally and globally        •      Perform scenario analysis & planning to be used for decision making and approvals.
Disseminate Organizational Expense & HC reporting, Bookings, Revenue and Margin Analysis for.
Acting as the primary contact to designated business finance partner providing timely advice &                      appropriate reporting & analysis thereon.
Assisting in providing value-added management decision support, driving key business goals, identify                    major trends and corresponding business issues.
Ranchan Group focuses on Oil & gas, Maritime, Heavy Lifting, Port Services and Information technology projects. RGC is an ISO certified. RGC involved in major turnkey projects with Bumi Armada, VALE Minerals, Tanjung Pelepas Port (PTP), Penang Port, North Port, West Port and UMW Synergistic. RGC is diversified.
Manage full spectrum of finance, treasury including maintaining effective financial planning, budgeting and forecasting and cash flow management.
Assist on yearly audit and tax preparation and other statutory reporting.
Involved in GST implementation, Reviewing project contracts, Fund raising for projects.
Assist Group GM on weekly report submission, KPI on Group performances.
Astro is owned and operated by MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd, a company owned by Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd/its affiliates, and Khazanah Nasional Berhad. Astro is the brand name of the Malaysian direct broadcast satellite (DBS) pay television service. It transmits digital satellite television and radio to households in Malaysia & Brunei. Astro’s international operation and joint venture includes Kristal astro- Brunei, Astro Nusantara-Indonesia, Sun direct DTH- India.
Position held     : Assistant Manager Finance & Administration.
Location            : Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur Period                : July 2010 – May 2011 Responsibilities:.
Manage the accounting and finance functions of the Group in compliance with existing policies and procedures and regulatory requirements.
Preparation of financial reports (month end closing), group accounts consolidation, forecast, project budgets, variance analysis, cost allocation.
Review monthly financial statements (balance sheet, P&L and cash flow statements), budget, forecast, variance analysis. Involved in quarterly KPI presentation for each business unit.
Liaise with parties including external auditors and bankers on financial information.
Assists the Head of Department in developing basis/ estimation for the computation of margins, cost allocation etc.
Oversee and manage the inter company and related party transaction analysis.
MRY Associates involved in latex gloves, agricultural green bio technology, private equity, consulting and medical prototype industry. MRY is a latex and synthetic glove specification developer, processor, exporter and boutique operation. Its manufacturing facility is ISO9002, ISO 13488 and En 46002 certified. It’s an innovative company with product development that is ahead of the industry curve.
Location            : Mont Kiara, Kuala Lumpur Period                : Sept 2005 – June 2010 Responsibilities:.
Prepare statutory financial reports for Malaysia and foreign entities.
Perform month-end financial reporting, prepare budget, forecast, review and recommendations on variance analysis and monitor controls so that accurate and timely financial information is available for statutory and management accounts.
Maintain key controls that safeguard the assets of the Group.
Liaise with parties including external auditors and bankers on financial information.
Prepare such financial information as required for submission to the tax authorities to ensure local tax laws are complied with and obligations reported on a timely basis.
Prepare 12 month running cash flow forecasts for MRY and its associate companies.
Any other duties related to the successful financial management of the Malaysia office.
Intelligent Capital involves in ( providing proprietary and third party funds to promising technology companies at varying stages of growth from start up to mezzanine-including pre-IPO, providing corporate advise on funding strategy, arranging for funding, capital market access, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, and selection of and negotiation with investors).
Location            : Mont Kiara, Hartamas, Kuala Lumpur Period                : July 2001 –August 2005 Responsibilities:.
Preparation of periodic financial statements, budget and forecast, cash flow projections. Review and analyse financial report with ratios and variance analysis.
Review, suggest and implement improvement in accounting system, internal controls and policies.
Experience in external reporting ( Indonesia, India and Norway).
Manage Investor Portfolio Capital Accounts and venture capital investments worth 5 to 50 million.
Involved in feasibility studies, due diligence & evaluate new investment proposal and policies.
Liaise with external auditors, tax consultants on tax planning and submission, securities commission and government bodies (EPF, SOCSO, Statistics Dept).
Exposure in Venture Capital and Private Equity, stock market trades and maintaining share trading accounts.
CM Power is an M & E provider based in Puchong Selangor. It involved in telecommunication mobile coverage, infrastructure fabrication and Mobile Integration and Commissioning. CM Power was working on mobile integration projects with several telecommunications provider such as maxis mobile, DiGi and Celcom.
Location            : Puchong, Selangor Period                : Jan 1998 – June 2001 Responsibilities:.
Involved in setting up proper accounting system, maintained full set of accounts and successfully reduced 30 hours a week of manual paper work.
Involved in preparing cash flow, balance sheet and Profit & Loss.
Involved in Telecommunications project tenders, financial project management and project costing.
Microsoft Office, SAP System, Oracle System, Accounting packages (MYOB, UBS, FACT, Quick Book), Project Management.
Familiar with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Malaysian Accounting Standard (MASB) and Company Act 1965. Sound accounting and economics knowledge through studies in university and gained experience hands on experiences in different companies.Accenture India (Subject Matter Expert/Team Lead - Mar 2015 - Mar 2017).
Prepare Budget and forecast for various disciplines/verticals for financial planning.
Operating statement review, Variance and Trend analysis for consistency in performance of business planning.
Financial Statement Review for strategic support to stakeholders.
Month-end closing review and finalization from operations standpoint.
Submitted 12 lean ideas to reduce time in day to day operations.
Genpact India Pvt. Ltd. (Asst. Manager Finance - Mar 2013 - Mar 2015).
Generate reports for different Verticals/ Line of Business i.e. Gain loss, Inventory fixed Assets, etc. for review and reporting purpose.
Financial Statement Analysis to support and presentation of Directors, Vertical heads.
Monthly Accounts Receivable /Accounts Payable reports with variance analysis.
Intercompany accounts reconciliation for month end closing.
Worked on projects to reduce time, spend on unproductive activities by Analysts submitted and approved 6 Lean ideas.
Opera Solutions (Sr. Finance Analyst- Feb 2012 - March 2013).
Generate and prepare various MIS reports for Senior Management.
Financial Statement Analysis (Trend and Variance Analysis).
Worked on Fixed Assets and Physical Verification of assets.
Cisco Systems Capital (Sr. Finance Analyst - Dec 2006 - Jan 2012).
Prepare monthly BS, P&L Account, review and verify accuracy of ledger entries.
Help Monitoring compliance with the financial requirements.
Managing A/R for the region on monthly basis & Soft Collections as per requirement.
The system developed for Leasing. Updating & upgrading the system with new features and reports.Applied for Singapore PR – December 2015 (awaiting response).
Highly accomplished, results-driven senior accounting, financial and operations management executive with more than ten years of progressive experience across Europe, India and Singapore. I have worked within startups and global multi-million dollar organizations. I have extensive experience in accounting, financial planning and analysis, management reporting and structuring of financial transactions. I have worked as a team leader with people management responsibilities. I possess solid leadership, communication and interpersonal skills to establish rapport with all levels of staff and management. I am looking for an opportunity to join a Company in a dynamic and growing industry where I can weave my solid accounting and analytical experience, and strategic foresight with a hands on approach and strive towards exceeding shareholder expectations.
Business Planning and Analysis   •  Leadership & Team Management.
Financial Reporting and Management  •  Accounting & Auditing.
Fine Grain Property Pte. Limited, Singapore     Vice-President (VP)                Aug 2014 – May 2016.
Fine Grain Property is an established Asian private equity real estate operator and investor with proven fiduciary skills. Two Shareholders are Irish and a former business partners of Maples FS.
Led the finance and fiduciary functions of the Group (including but not limited to accounting and tax)   and supporting the CEO on operational matters.
Financial planning, cost analysis, profitability analysis, reviewing and documenting of financial performance of the Group entities.
Preparation of financial models and feasibility reports to evaluate potential investments.
Reviewing and analysis of periodic accounts for financial planning and providing strategic financial inputs to the CEO and the Board of Directors.
Planning and supervising annual audit for multiple Group entities.
Reporting to the Board of Directors quarterly and Investors semi-annually including preparation of board packs for management use from a financial, commercial and operational control perspective.
Reorganizing the Group structure for maximizing Shareholder interests including incorporating new corporate entities and restructuring of their investments within the Group.
Setting up a regulated Property Investment Fund authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland to establish a cross-jurisdictional tax efficient structure to facilitate Asian investors to invest in Ireland.
Coordinating tax filings for all Group entities including liaison with tax advisors and IRAS regularly.
Develop policies and procedures to ensure compliance to all statutory and regulatory requirements.
Implementation of ISO 9001 certification on financial processes of the company and developing policies and procedures manuals for continuous improvements.
Develop and direct financial plans for overall strategic business plan and company growth.
Overseeing the management of day-to-day financial & corporate functions of the company and various investment vehicles including supervision of service providers – auditors, accountants, tax advisors, lawyers and company secretary.
Maples Fiduciary Services (Ireland) Limited, Dublin     Vice-President (VP)         Oct 2010 – Jul 2014.
MaplesFS, through its operating divisions Maples Fund Services and Maples Fiduciary, is an independent global provider of specialised fiduciary, accounting and administration services.
Preparation of complex financial statement modeling, cash flow projections and budget forecasts.
Preparation and analysis of management accounts (including trial balances, bank and asset reconciliations).
Preparation and finalisation of financial statements under IFRS and GAAP for multiple companies including consolidation of accounts for group companies.
Leading and managing a team of 4-6 direct reports of newly qualified accountants.
Coordinating and supervising annual audits for multiple client entities including consolidation audits.
Regular presentations & updates to team members on accounting, taxation & key business issues.
Developed reports to standardize internal processes & create efficiencies for cost control. •  Preparation of tax computations and returns - corporation tax, value added tax (“VAT”).
Maples Fiduciary Services (Ireland) Limited, Dublin     Vice-President (VP)         Oct 2010 – Jul 2014.
Liaising with Lawyers, Banks, Investment Managers and other third parties on transaction closing.
Ensuring all risk management & KYC checks are performed prior to commencing an engagement.
Internal projects - promoting the Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility.
Developed a new revenue stream for tax compliance business within the MaplesFS Group.
Client Portfolio: Airbus, PK Air Finance, Novus Aviation Capital, BUPA, BNP, Intermediate Capital Group.
Aircraft Purchase Fleet Limited, Dublin      Business and Tax Planning Expert   May 2009 – Sep 2010.
APFL a part of the Toto Group (an Italian holding and former owner of the Airline Air One) was a start-up aircraft leasing company. APFL was set up to act as capacity provider for Alitalia the Italian flagship carrier.
Preparation and reporting to management on annual budgets with detailed variance reports, Revenue Analysis, Aircraft Profitability and Aged Creditors & Debtors Analysis Reports.
Preparation of projections for management use for financing transactions e.g. acquisition of new aircraft - financial & taxation implications, NPV analysis, buy or lease, discounted cash flows, etc.
Preparation & analysis of cash flow projections - working capital & liquidity management/ forecasting.
Preparation of management accounts - P&L, balance sheet for the Company & its subsidiaries.
Preparation of annual financial statements under IFRS/ writing detailed notes & disclosures.
Delegating & reviewing work of other team members including finance, legal and administration.
Coordinated the SAP implementation process for the accounting team.
Responsible for drafting & documenting the Accounting Policies and Procedures for the company.
Preparation of corporation tax computations & returns, VAT & Intra-stat Returns, VIES Reporting.
Liaising & managing relationships with banks, auditors, tax, legal advisors & external stakeholders.
KPMG, Dublin                        Senior Advisor – Financial Services  Sep 2007 – Apr 2009.
KPMG is a Global Big 4 accountancy practice, a leading provider of professional services.
Responsibility for a portfolio of both Irish and multinational clients.
Compliance review and preparation of corporation tax computations and tax returns.
Review & analysis of financial statements for tax provisioning purposes.
Prepared reports, & memorandums on various financial & tax planning issues such as:.
Detailed analysis of leasing transactions, Irish tax residency issues and trading status.
Property Investment Cos investing in the UK market through offshore BVI holding companies.
Client Portfolio: AerCap, AWAS, Campbell Bewley Group, Ciref Group, Securicor Ireland, Ardagh.
GIPA International Ltd, London, UK - Research Executive         Feb 2006 – Jul 2007.
ICRA, India (An Associate of Moody’s Investors Service) Winter Internship             Jan 2006.
Oracle Global Resourcing Ltd, London, UK - Finance Associate                   Jul 2005 – Dec 2005.
Integrated Learning Services, Kolkata, India - Finance Trainee                                       May 2004 – Jun 2005.
Graduate Certificate in Real Estate Finance, Singapore, National University Singapore               2015 – to date.
Diploma in Islamic Finance (CDIF), Dublin, Ireland               2012 – 2013.
Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA), London, UK        2005 – 2007.
Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University, New Delhi, India            2001 – 2004.
London Examinations, General Certificate of Education (GCE), Calcutta, India         1998 – 2000.
Science, Commerce, Mathematics, Social Sciences, English, Russian (O Level equivalent).
Fluent in English, Russian, Hindi, Bengali and Beginners Spanish.
Highly Proficient in Microsoft Office Applications - MS Word, MS Excel, Visio & PowerPoint.
Indian Classical Dance & Music     •  Travelling, Painting and Reading.• Calculation of interest charges to be bill on overdue rental payment.
• Billing of invoices (Inter-Company, external and variable rental).
• Calculation of interest charges to be bill on overdue rental payment.
• Issuing and recording of shopping vouchers to campaign and concierge counter.
• Reconciliation of statement of account from supplier to issue cheque.
I completed my Diploma in accounting and business under ACCA but its been taught by kaplan higher learning education institute. And im currently doing my financal and management accounting under CAT scheme, i will be completing in this year dec 2015. Once i completed, i will be awarded the CAT qualification.
Microsoft Excel, Quickbooks Accounting Software, Sage 300.Job duty:  - Prepare audit planning, perform analytical review.
Prepare tax computation, taxation queries from IRD and provide tax-related advises to clients.
Prepare tax computation, taxation queries from IRD and provide tax-related advises to clients.More than fifteen years of experience in finance, administration and human resource including four years in internal audit.
Good working knowledge in accounting standards (FRS), consolidation, tax legislation and regulatory financial reporting requirement.
Implementation of ISO9000 and new system for inventory department.
Well versed with ACCPAC, SAP, IFCA, MYOB, Peach Tree, UBS, Microsoft Office.
Solid project accounting experience including budgeting, forecasting, costing, billing, good and service tax (GST) ,  preparation of financial statements and cash flow management.
Solid Human Resource experience including payroll, training and welfare of the staff.
Interact very well with all levels across the organization, and portfolio include statutory reporting, tax, financial planning and analysis, working capital management, business plan, internal controls review, process improvement as well as ad hoc projects.
Excellent leadership, organizational and people management skill.
Excellent command of verbal and written communication in English and Bahasa Malaysia.
Committee member of finance for annual dinner and family day.
Willing to be based at any states in Malaysia and any countries around the world.
Remarks: Reason for wanted to leave: Contract Basis - Looking for better career prospect.
Lead the Finance team and manage all aspects of the Company’s Finance matters in compliance with the Company’s policies and procedures Maintain the Company’s financial records Perform the preparation, review and analysis of the management’s monthly reports and annual budgets.
Acting as Period-end Closing Coordinator: Ensure that month end closing processes are adhered to by all responsible persons in accordance with agreed closing schedule. Work closely with users to obtain timely and accurate accrual input. Perform tasks relevant to closing such as cost allocation, cutback and settlement.
Responsible in preparing cash flow statement on a monthly basis and reporting on variance to budget and forecast future trends. Forecasting cash inflow and outflow in order to meet the tight available balance.
Responsible for preparation of Statutory Financial Statements (for financial year 2014 and 2015) and ensure that the Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting Standards. Working with KPMG, the external auditors to have the Accounts audited and submitted timely to Companies Commission of Malaysia (CCM).
Support the system in ensuring all assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are captured in accordance with IFRS/MFRS. Prepare monthly fixed asset reporting such as fixed asset roll forward, reconciliation for fixed asset accrual account, CIP aging report. Update month end close package analysis.
Prepare Year-end Financial Inputs and Relevant Accounting Schedules for consolidation at Head Office Level. Working with user department to compile input and reconcile movement of provision to last year provision and provide explanations.
To continuously asses the ORACLE accounting system for potential improvement. This is critical to continuously meet and support reporting requirements by various parties such as partners, Petronas.
Formulate and review accounting processes/policies throughout the company to ensure accounting and financial reports accurately reflect the conditions of the business and provide reliable information for control and management purposes.
Act as JV Audit Coordinator (PETRONAS/PCSB/KPMG): Working with relevant users to ensure that documents required for audit are prepared and compiled in advance. Coordinate and follow up audit queries by auditors and follow up and resolve outstanding audit issues/findings.
Liaise with Operations Team on project status to ensure revenue recognition in accordance with approved accounting standards.
Responsible for timely GST submission and to ensure payments are made to the relevant authorities.
Liaise with auditors, tax agents, company secretary, insurance, banks and other statutory bodies/ authorities on internal and external audit matters, and all statutory and tax requirements compliance.
Assist in preparing ad-hoc accounting projects as assigned by the management and perform other relevant ad-hoc or administrative tasks assigned by the management as required.
Nature of Business: Consultant for MRT Corporation for LRT & MRT Project from Sungai Buloh to Kajang.
Reporting to the Project Director and Commercial Director of the project. I was responsible for the entire company’s daily operation, preparing full set of accounts, including budgeting, forecasting, costing, billing and timely financial and management reporting.
To assist the management  on all strategic and tactical matters relating to budget management, cost benefit analysis, forecasting needs and the securing of new funding.
Monitor the overall finance performance, control of accounting function of the company, especially the area of development and accounting information system. To update and advise the top management of any discrepancies.
Interact very well with all levels across the organization, and portfolio include statutory reporting, tax, costing, financial planning and analysis, working capital management, business plan, internal controls review, process and  improvement.
To manage and structure the company’s financial and management reporting systems and streamline processes to provide management with relevant and timely financial information. To provide strategic and financial advice for the business.
To manage company funds investment to achieve the target annual return.
To work closely with respective business unit head on the preparation of overall financial management, forecasts and budget analysis.
Monitor staff performance and administration of Finance Department.
To manage all financial activities in compliance with accounting standards, statutory filing requirements; and reporting in line with company’s standards and emphasis on timely reporting and accountability.
Formulate and review accounting processes/policies throughout the company to ensure accounting and financial reports accurately reflect the conditions of the business and provide reliable information for control and management purposes.
Overseas day-to-day Human Resource activities including developing the appropriate HR strategic plan including recruitment, succession planning, key performance indicators (KPI), employment policies and compliance.
Oversee and manage all matters pertaining to day-to-day administration matters including office maintenance, purchasing and vehicles management.
Liaise with auditors, tax agents and related statutory bodies to ensure the compliance to all matters relating to audit, taxation and GST.
Nature of Business: Oil & Gas - Engineering & Construction of Miri Crude Oil.
Joint venture project between Syarikat Permodalan Kebangsaan (SPK) and PT Rekayasa Industries Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia.
Reporting to the Project Director and Financial Controller. I was responsible for the entire company’s full set of accounts, including budgeting, forecasting, costing, billing, tax planning and timely financial and management reporting.
Handle an important role in providing business decision support to Project Director as well as providing leadership and direction to the finance team.
Participate in negotiation activities, developing proposals, financial module, corporate fund raising, budgeting and provide quality review of valuation analysis.
Interact very well with all levels across the organization, and portfolio include statutory reporting, tax, costing, financial planning and analysis, working capital management, business plan, internal controls review, process improvement as well as ad hoc projects.
Ensure the effectiveness of working capital management in particularly, debts collection and credit management.
Responsible to coordinate all planning cycles including rolling forecast and annual operating plan for the operating entities.
Oversee day-to-day financial activities of the accounts department including cost accounting, stock valuation, Cost of Sales (COS) calculation, accounts payable, accounts receivable and credit control.
Overseas day-to-day Human Resource activities including developing the appropriate HR strategic plan including recruitment, succession planning, key performance indicators (KPI), employment policies and compliance.
Oversee and manage all matters pertaining to day-to-day administration matters including office maintenance, purchasing and vehicles management.
Implement and approve financial, human resource and administration policies and procedures in accordance to the business needs and along with the guidelines of corporate policies.
Direct and manage all tax related affairs of the company as well as liaising with customs, auditors and other third party professionals.
Ensure compliance of local regulations in relation to Financial Reporting Standards (FRS), Company Law, Labour Law and other regulations in relation to the business.
Responsible in handling banking facility such as bank guarantee and letter of credit.
Liaise with external auditors, tax consultants, bankers, notaries and lawyers.
Offshore the coast of Kerteh, Terengganu, Alpine Exploration and Production Malaysia Inc. operates more than ten platforms.
Alpine Exploration and Production Malaysia one of the tenants of the Kemaman Supply Base which provides logistical support services such as ware-housing, maritime transportation and berthing facilities.
Reporting to the Financial Controller of both joint venture partners. I was responsible for the entire company’s full set of accounts, including budgeting, forecasting, costing, billing, and tax planning and timely financial and management reporting.
Preparing monthly forecast of the Profit and Loss Accounts for the Operations Controller.
Act as JV Audit Coordinator (PETRONAS/PCSB/KPMG): Working with relevant users to ensure that documents required for audit are prepared and compiled in advance. Coordinate and follow up audit queries by auditors and follow up and resolve outstanding audit issues/findings.
Responsible for the liaison with PSC JV partners for all aspects of the AFE administration in particular twill ensure that approval is obtained in a timely fashion.
Nature 0f Business: Diversified Business – Cars & Heavy Vehicles & Equipment.
Started as a Treasury Clerk, responsible for all the treasury transactions in Account Payable including preparing payment for overseas suppliers (Auto Bavaria and Land Rovers).
Responsible in recording REPO/FD placement in ERP accounting system.
Review and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the management’s control over operations and financial control.
Deliver value-added recommendation and ensure completion of assignments in conformance with planned budget and schedules.
Assist in planning and execute audits in accordance with accepted standards in professional manner.
Assist in evaluation and preparing audit report to be submitted to the Audit Committee.
Swimming, gym, football, bowling, reading, traveling, music, theatre, social work.
Expected Salary: Within the range of RM9, 000.00 to RM10, 000.00.•     Passing the Ad Hoc & Monthly recurring Journals for Monthly closing.
Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Applied Accounting June 2009- March 2013.
• Experienced in Microsoft Office produc, • Experienced in MYOB Accounting System.Prepare the quarterly reporting package as suggested from the Client’s Headquarters;.
Liaison with the Internal audit team of the Client’s Company and.
Prepare full set of financial statements and perform payroll computation for regional trading company with 10 staff.
Nature of Business : A multi-national company with presences in more than 100 establishments in the world.
Prepare the monthly payroll computation and reporting work for both Part Time and Full Time employee (about 150 staff in total);.
Prepare the MPF computation with the assistance of the Council’s tailor made Human Resources and Payroll System; and.
Prepare the Employers’ Return for the year of assessment 2016/17.
Verify the daily balance between the credit card, online payment receipt with the SAP system of the Company provided by different operations department of the Council and report any variance founded to the Finance team and Operation Manager;.
Prepare the monthly journal as requested by the Finance Supervisor;.
Prepare a weekly AP list and file to the AP management center located in Beijing;.
Follow up any outstanding queries as suggested by the AP team and report the follow up work in a bi-weekly basis;.
Analysis and compare the variance between the actual and budget items for both Income Statement and Balance Sheet;.
Prepare the full schedules for all Balance Sheet and investigate for any unexpected variance found.
Nature of Business : A regional electronic goods trading company with presences in Hong Kong and China and headquarter in Canada.
Reporting to the Finance and Accounting Manager located in Canada.
Prepare full sets of financial statements for managerial review and Company’s existing and potential investors and bankers;.
Liaison with the Company’s external tax adviser and auditor in Hong Kong and China for the accounting and taxation issues of the Company;.
Prepare the Profits Tax Return in an annual basis on behalf of the Hong Kong Company;.
Review the financial statements of the China companies and liaison with the Finance Department of the China team; and.
Prepare the monthly payroll of the Hong Kong office (about 20 peoples).
Responsible for the monthly stocktaking work with the merchandising department and the third party warehouse company.
Working in close relationship with the sales and merchandising team of the company;.
Preparing the monthly payroll record and MPF computation and filing report; and.
Preparing the documents for the application of the Import Loan, D/P.
Nature of Business : A local consulting company with clients from Hong Kong, Korea and Canada by providing full ranges of accounting, taxation and company secretarial services.
Assist the client in preparing the group reporting package (quarterly, interim and annual basis) as suggested by their group auditor;.
Reviewing the accounting work prepared by the subordinates and attend the meeting organized by the client’s accounting and finance person and our accounting and tax team;.
Liaison with the client’s external auditor and provide necessary support during the interim and annual audit work from them;.
Review and comment towards the Profits Tax computation report as prepared by the audit team of the affiliated company;.
Attend the meeting organized by the IRD on behalf of the clients during pre and post field audit work as suggested from the IRD assessor;.
Assist the client in replying the queries from the IRD including but not limited to the application of the off-shore claim and other income and expense treatment;.
Provide consulting services to clients with operations and establishments in China under the supervision of our Partner and the consultants of the affiliated firm; and.
Assist the Company in reviewing their existing and potential compliance and internal control policy in order to comply with the latest requirement from difference statutory authority.
Nature of Business : a local Information Technology service provider in hardware and software development and provide networking service to local small and medium size enterprises.
Prepare full sets of monthly Financial and Management report and analysis for the variance between actual and budget;.
Prepare Daily Cash Flow report and weekly Sales and Purchase report;.
Supervise an accounting clerk for the daily accounting issues;.
Responsible for the payroll functions of the company (including MPF calculation);.
Prepare weekly Account Receivable and Payable report and contract customer or vendor for the settlement and payment issues;.
Maintain the company’s computerized inventory system and produce the monthly inventory report for quarterly stock take purpose; and.
If some occasions, advice and assist the client in accounting setup, implementation and provide some training to customer’s accounting staff.
Prepare full sets of  financial report for the company review;.
Liaison with auditor for the preparation of the annual auditing work; and.
Prepare for the Account Receivable and Account Payable report of the company.
Nature of Business : a medium size CPA practice firm serve mainly local clients.
Perform pension fund and school audit accordance to general accounting and auditing standards; and.
Drafting auditor’s report in accordance to HKSA auditing and accounting standard.
Fellow Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants [FCPA].
Certified Tax Adviser [CTA] and Associate Member (ATIHK) from The Hong Kong Institute of Taxation.
Contract Accountant (sub-contracted to client for maternity leave).
Assistant Accountant (Contract, seconded by Link Recruitment).To be a part of a professionally managed organization, achieve excellence in all my endeavours and enhance my knowledge and skills in a competitive environment.
An incisive professional with more than 10 years of experience in SAP, Finance and Accounts, MIS Reports, Financial Statements, Variance Analysis, Research Analysis, Internal Audit, Treasury Reports, Full sets of Accounts and HR functions for different company background like IT, Shipping, Finance & Accounting Shared Services and Business Process Outsourcing.
Well versed with U.S. Bank (Federal Bank of New York & Federal Bank of San Francisco); U.S. Department of Treasury, US GAAP, SOX, US Taxation, Singapore Tax, Singapore GST and MAS reports and Indian taxation rules.
Possess analytical and research skills combined with a strong understanding of business issues and processes. Ability to move the business forward through continuous improvement efforts.
Comfortable with a high volume, cross cultural working environment and flexible timings.
SIX CAPITAL (FX TRADING) PTE LTD, SGX CENTRE Singapore                       Jan, 2016 – Till Date.
Supervise the finance team on a day to day basis ensuring that work is prioritized to meet deadlines. Coordinate workload for the team, ensure viable staff covers of the department and provide support and training as appropriate.
Produce weekly sales statistics for circulation to management relating to various investment plans.
Calculation of monthly sales and referral commission for sales done by wealth managers.
Carry out bank reconciliations for all of the entities, investigating any unusual items and preparing them for review by the Vice President-Finance.
Assist the CFO in the annual budget process and long term forecast process working to deadlines and engaging stakeholders.
Forecast cash flow positions, related borrowing needs, and available funds for investment.
Evaluate and make recommendations on the automated systems and processes within the department, working with the CFO to modernize and improve the function.
Perform internal audit to maintain proper records as per rules and regulations.
Prepare timely audit reports for executive management, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
Contributes, as appropriate, in the year-end financial audit with the external auditor.
Create additional analyses and reports as requested by management.
GIORGIO FERRARI PTE LTD, TANJONG PAGAR Singapore                       May, 2014 – Dec, 2015.
Accounts and Finance Manager (Handling team of 3 people- 1 under AR, 1 under AP and 1 under GL finalisation).
To maintain full set of books of accounts and preparation of monthly financial reports (P&L, Balance sheet and various financial reports.) Ensure roper reconciling to obtain accurate financial statements.
Preparation of prepaid and accrual schedules, fixed assets register and bank reconciliation.
Oversee the accounts receivables and credit controls functions. Ensure proper collection of funds with major goal of reducing the bad debts as much as possible.
Overlook on proper billing and invoicing to clients and also follow-up of the same. Ensure all PO and invoices are key in correctly and payments are done on timely basis.
Ensure compliance with corporate directives and accounting policies.
Assist in financial analysis, budgetary and forecasting assignments.
Communicate with auditors and responsible for the statutory financial statements.
Develop forecasting models for financial decisions, including mergers and acquisitions.
Cash flow management (monitoring & forecasting of company cash flow).
Provide review and recommendations to executive management team by conducting necessary research and analysis.
Perform financial evaluations on day to day company-wide operations and implementation of new strategies.
Liaising with banks on new loans / borrowings or repayments.
Determine investment and funding methods for cash surplus / deficits.
Monitor constantly the foreign rates to make maximum benefits during trade.
Assisted in process transfer from MYOB to SAP with emphasis on Finance and various reports.
Constant audit the conversion process to have a smooth flow of business. Spent sufficient time to specify, program and test the conversion programs.
Identifying the current state of the process, as well as improvements that need to be made.
Monitored process and maintained integrity of all financial applications.
Managed month closing process for all finances and ensured accuracy of data.
Coordinated with various business owners and implemented necessary system enhancements.
Performed internal audits and maintained compliance to various organization policies.
Maintained system enhancements and ensured compliance to all business objectives.
Evaluated audits on records and ensured optimal quality of all data.
Analyzed existing programs and recommended required changes on same.
Empowering team members by giving them ownership and responsibility for the improvement of a process.
Driving process improvement activities and creating incentives.
Monitoring the ongoing process by identifying current state of the process, any objectives still to be achieved and comparing the current performance to the predefined baseline. They also work to ensure that only the approved changes are implemented by acting to influence any factors that might interfere with process improvement.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Changi Business Park, Singapore          December, 2011 – March, 2014.
Reason for leaving: Process moving back to India and wanted to continue in Singapore.
Working for “Financial and Accounting Reporting” process for UBS, biggest Investment bank in Switzerland, operating in more than 50 countries.
Working for “Accounting Reporting” for Cognizant Technology Solutions Asia Pacific Pte Ltd.
Frequent visits to client location for Onsite Transition (Stamford-United States of America) & for Knowledge Transfer.
Involved in Process Reengineering for bank reports by developed templates for various reports in order to promote a standard approach, which resulted in the enhanced understanding as well as cross training of the activities to the peer.
Providing Training to co-workers to reduce key dependencies and achieving the required SLA.
Preparation of Daily Liquidity Gap and Cash flow report to know the exact position of the company’s liquid assets.
Preparation of validation reports to ensure proper compliance to Finance policies and procedures and Financial Reporting Standards.
Key in necessary Journal entries, GGATS to tally the financial and accounting reports.
Preparation of detailed Analysis report on Monthly expenses in form of commentary on each variance.
Involved in invoice creation of PO and Non PO based vouchers. Vendor payments through ACH.
Preparing footnote for 10Q & 10K reports providing details for Regulatory Reporting.
Preparation of Audit Schedules and liaising with auditors for quarter end and year end activities.
Conducts risk assessments and identifies controls in place to mitigate identified risks.
Prepare audit recommendations, follow-up for same and check if the measures are implemented.
Integrate Hyperion and Sap reports and analyse the variance for the same.
SOX audit: to verify confirm that the books of accounts and various transactions are as per the SOX compliance and reporting of any difference to the management.
Forecasting of effective tax rate and assisting in provision of various quarterly tax reports.
Reviewing Monthly Treasury International Capital Reports (TIC Reports) prepared for U.S. Department of Treasury.
Preparation on Risk Management Premium sheet and Blackrock Loan sheet to keep a proper track on Loans and Advances.
Prepare Hedge accounting report on Quarterly basis to keep a track on hedges.
Assisted in system implementation wherein assisted in converting of various reports from Hyperion, SAP business warehouse into single report for better overview and audit purpose.
Successfully implemented macros for various excel reports for quick overview of complex reports.
Monitored and audited the implementation process and successfully moved the process towards Go-Live.
Analyzing customer needs and determines how operations can be altered to improve service to customers and better meet their needs.
Solve complex problems relating to the operation of the business.
Recommend process improvements for every day operating procedures.
Assist in documentation of SOA, procedures for smooth flow of process.
Managing training and controlling the team’s performance through preparation of dashboards and key metrics and reporting the same to management.
Maersk Global Service Centre, Pune- Executive                                                January, 2010 – November, 2011.
SAP /PeopleSoft/IFS (Handled Team of 5 people-2 under AR Billing, 1 under Accounts Payable and 3 under GL reporting).
Reason for leaving: Getting better opportunity in Singapore based company.
Daily maintenance of Cash Flow and Cash Forecasting and Bank Reconciliation.
Daily Review of Bank Accounts and reporting the same to the Site.
Follow up with the bank regarding Balances and Various charges charged.
Preparation of Quarterly statements as per Bank compliances.
Follow up with Loan Transactions and maintenance of loan records.
Preparation of Monthly accruals and reversal accruals in respect of treasury.
Instant invoices for Tax, MESC Invoices, Expat Chargeback’s etc.
Finalization of Accounts which includes intercompany reconciliation, Balance sheet reconciliation and Preparation of Financial Reports and maintain records as per SOX rules and regulations.
Running Hyperion report and analysing the same. Reconcile variance between Hyperion and SAP reports.
Generating and analysing various SAP reports which aid the management in proper Planning and Forecasting.
Liaising with external auditors during year end auditing for Charlotte Region. Discuss regarding the various internal audit process conducted and various results achieved.
Assisting in the FIN 48 process and various quarterly tasks.
Various AD hoc tasks as per management which includes budgets and forecasting.
Preparation of SOA and training documents to support new staff and smooth flow of process.
Ensure the team is complying and meeting the SLA, handle escalation and report the same to SDM.
Raj Promoters and Civil Engineers Pvt Ltd, Pune – Financial Assistant              September, 2008 – January, 2010.
Reason for leaving: Small scale of business and less scope to develop.
Maintaining of day to day accounts like reconciliation of Banks, Calculation of Interest of Cash Credit Account along with preparation of Financial Statements.
Gathering, storing, analyzing, and providing access to data to help senior management make better business decisions.
Follow-up with Banks, Creditors, Debtors relating to day to day activity. Making payments to creditors and reconciling of same.
Monthly reporting consisting of Project Costing, Trial Balance, Profit & Loss, Balance-sheet to Director-Finance.
Looking after loan proposals and documentation for various machineries and construction equipments.
Making provision for Taxes and prepare E-return for both Salary and Non Salary. Timely issue of certificates for the same.
Liaising with external auditors on regular basis for Monthly and yearly auditing. Suggest various steps for smooth flow of internal audit process.
Reason for leaving: Small scale of business and less scope to develop.
Technical as well as functional experience in SAP and Tally software (Tally 7.2 and Tally 9). Hand on experience in setup of accounts and inventory in various fields like manufacturing, construction business etc along with FBT, TDS, Excise working.
Constant touch with clients relating to queries in day to day accounting and finalisation of accounts.
Experience of working on Payroll software developed by Relyon Softech Ltd, Bangalore. Implementation the whole salary process starting from creation of Salary heads to Report generation along with PF, ESI and TDS working.
Experience of Taxation software on TDS, Income Tax developed by Relyon Softech Ltd, Bangalore. Implemented TDS and Income Tax software for various Charted Accountants as well as companies. Also have hands on experience in TDS filing along with working of Form 16 and Statement of Total Income.
Experience in Attendance Management software developed by Tutis Technology, UK (Bio-metric Attendance System). Implemented the whole attendance management system starting from RegistrationSoftware ImplementationMaintenance of Shifts and Schedule, Leaves Report generation.SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY – Singapore, Singapore January 2016.
Core Modules: Economic Analysis, Equity Analysis and Portfolio Management, Financial Statement Analysis, Derivatives Analysis, Quantitative Methods & Statistics, Corporate Finance, Fixed Income Analysis, Financial Modeling and extras.
SOUTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY OF FINANCE AND ECONOMICS – Chengdu, China June 2009.
Excellent student association leader of academic year of 2008 – 2009.
Awarded the third prize scholarship of SWUFE of academic year 2007 – 2008 and 2008 – 2009.
LIGHTHOUSE CANTON ASSET MANAGEMENT PTE LTD September 2016 - Present.
Associate Director, Accounting and Consolidation Officer.
Manage the full set accounting of technologies, real estate and asset management companies under IFRS.
Prepare forecast / budget for companies under the portfolio to drive the business growth.
Consolidate and review the financials from private equity and asset management side.
Construct investment valuation model and accounting treatment to support M&A activities.
Implement accounting / reporting system and set up internal controls pertaining to new acquired business.
Support the internal and external audit on the company and those entities under managed.
Monitor cash flow and security transactions and complete necessary reconciliation.
UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION        July 2009-September 2016.
Assistant Controller - Climate, Controls & Security SEA Headquarter - Singapore (January 2015 – September 2016).
Internal Controls Officer - Building & Industrial System SEA Headquarter - Singapore (August 2012 – December 2014).
Oversaw SEA finance and regulatory accounting function and ensure smooth finance closing and reporting.
Preformed P/L, B/S, orders & backlog analyze and present the reports to both internal or external stakeholders.
Assisted on acquisition & divestiture and post-acquisition integrations of companies: 9G Singapore, Carrier Australia, Guardforce Thailand, PT Berca Indonesia, Agnice India and extras.
Led the annual valuation program of JVs through the use of discounted cash flow methodology.
Projected regional cash flow movement to meet the working capital requirements.
Initiated the implementation of new requirements of corporate policy or IFRS / US GAAP request.
Executed internal audit / control program of entities by conducting accounting and control assessment review.
Supported internal and external audit, followed up with the audit findings with remediation plans.
Coordinated risk assessment for entities in the region and review the GAP assessment and SOX testing.
Reviewed Statutory to GAAP reconciliation from entities to solve any discrepancies between local and US GAAP.
Managed SAP roles set up of local entities and review the segregation of duties.
Monitored compliance program and participated the cross function audit base on cases from entities.
UTC China Finance Leadership Program (July 2009 – July 2012).
Trainee program with three different rotations and locations under finance department.
Financial Analyst – Climate, Controls & Security Asia Headquarter – Singapore (August 2011 – July 2012).
Consolidated Asia month end closing by validating the actual data and perform variance analysis.
Proposed accounting treatment compliance to US GAAP for non-recurring transactions.
Took care of both regulatory and financial reporting and ensure the compliance requirements.
Established and oversee a system of internal controls and a program of internal control review.
Identified improve opportunities in internal controls, processes, policies and procedures to close the control / audit issues.
General Ledger – Chubb Hong Kong Limited – Hong Kong (August 2010 – July 2011).
Handled the full set of accounting data and liaised with external auditors on statutory audit.
Prepared month-end closing, variance analysis, cash flow management, annual plan and month forecast.
Elaborated variances from the actual data compare to previous month, forecast and plan data.
Maintained monthly account reconciliation and initialized adjustments to clear the long-aged items.
FP&A – Carrier Asia Headquarter – Shanghai (July 2009 – July 2010).
Conducted the forecast & plan review packages across the region according to the different entities’ nature.
Monitored KPIs including sales, EBIT and orders to draft the monthly management letter.
Modeled risks and opportunities to adjust the key financials of regional level.
Reviewed forecast and plan data across the region and prepare budgeting for management entities.
Preformed variance analyses among actual, forecast and plan, updated key variances with narratives to management.
Designed key business metrics benchmarking force analysis to support management strategies.
Built up presentations and commentaries for business review and other management meetings.
Received the 2010 Carrier Asia Special Recognition award and 2010 Carrier Asia Superstar award.
Professional Qualification: ACCA / CPA & CGA of BC, Canada / Candidate of CFA level 1.Setup proper system and strengthen budget control across departments.
Enable on-time and clear visualization of cost for management decision making.
[2012]    Implementation of Timesheet Recording System for R&D business.
Introduce and implement system to improve capturing of R&D income and costs.
Study system structure from Japan Head Office and made modifications to suit the local business.
Educate R&D engineers the objective of the implementation and organized trainings to users.
Design customized reports for clear visualization of manhours and cost.
Strengthen documentation support for billings to our customers.
Clearer visualization of the business performance for management decision making.
Work closely with Deloitte consultants on Transfer Pricing documentation for this new business.
Project leader (Finance Dept) – System has gone live on 7th Apr’14.
Coordinate users from stages of identifying issues for improvement (efficiency and accuracy) to confirming the to-be processes.
Responsible for master data (Chart of accounts, cost centres, etc).
Design a customized GST Audit Trail report to assist GST F5 filing.
Close liaison with consultants to ensure smooth and substantial user acceptance testing.
Ensure accuracy of data migration and system readiness for go-live.
[2014 – 2015]    Accounting Shared Services Project held by Singapore Regional Office (Accounting Office).
Project Member (Div Representative) – Project has gone live on 1st Sep 2015.
Study and analyze common accounting processes across all divisions.
Work closely with departments, Project team and consultants from to-be processes to the finalization of Process Blueprints, Approval Matrix and user acceptance testing.
Ensure accuracy of reports and smooth running of processes during transition period before go-live on 1st Sep 2015.
Setup proper system and strengthen budget control across departments.
Enable on-time and clear visualization of cost for management decision making.
[2012]    Implementation of Timesheet Recording System for R&D business.
Introduce and implement system to improve capturing of R&D income and costs.
Study system structure from Japan Head Office and made modifications to suit the local business.
Educate R&D engineers the objective of the implementation and organized trainings to users.
Design customized reports for clear visualization of manhours and cost.
Strengthen documentation support for billings to our customers.
Clearer visualization of the business performance for management decision making.
Work closely with Deloitte consultants on Transfer Pricing documentation for this new business.
Project leader (Finance Dept) – System has gone live on 7th Apr’14.
Coordinate users from stages of identifying issues for improvement (efficiency and accuracy) to confirming the to-be processes.
Responsible for master data (Chart of accounts, cost centres, etc).
Design a customized GST Audit Trail report to assist GST F5 filing.
Close liaison with consultants to ensure smooth and substantial user acceptance testing.
Ensure accuracy of data migration and system readiness for go-live.
[2014 – 2015]    Accounting Shared Services Project held by Singapore Regional Office (Accounting Office).
Project Member (Div Representative) – Project has gone live on 1st Sep 2015.
Study and analyze common accounting processes across all divisions.
Work closely with departments, Project team and consultants from to-be processes to the finalization of Process Blueprints, Approval Matrix and user acceptance testing.
Ensure accuracy of reports and smooth running of processes during transition period before go-live on 1st Sep 2015.
Setup proper system and strengthen budget control across departments.
Enable on-time and clear visualization of cost for management decision making.
[2012]    Implementation of Timesheet Recording System for R&D business.
Introduce and implement system to improve capturing of R&D income and costs.
Study system structure from Japan Head Office and made modifications to suit the local business.
Educate R&D engineers the objective of the implementation and organized trainings to users.
Design customized reports for clear visualization of manhours and cost.
Strengthen documentation support for billings to our customers.
Clearer visualization of the business performance for management decision making.
Work closely with Deloitte consultants on Transfer Pricing documentation for this new business.
Project leader (Finance Dept) – System has gone live on 7th Apr’14.
Coordinate users from stages of identifying issues for improvement (efficiency and accuracy) to confirming the to-be processes.
Responsible for master data (Chart of accounts, cost centres, etc).
Design a customized GST Audit Trail report to assist GST F5 filing.
Close liaison with consultants to ensure smooth and substantial user acceptance testing.
Ensure accuracy of data migration and system readiness for go-live.
[2014 – 2015]    Accounting Shared Services Project held by Singapore Regional Office (Accounting Office).
Project Member (Div Representative) – Project has gone live on 1st Sep 2015.
Study and analyze common accounting processes across all divisions.
Work closely with departments, Project team and consultants from to-be processes to the finalization of Process Blueprints, Approval Matrix and user acceptance testing.
Ensure accuracy of reports and smooth running of processes during transition period before go-live on 1st Sep 2015.
Internal Transfer to Panasonic Singapore Accounting Department.
Run and review GST audit trail report. Prepare Input/ Output tax analysis to ensure GST captured are compliance to GST Act.
Ensure accuracy and timely submission of GST report to Regional Tax Department for group filing.
Advertising & Promotion Control (include SOX attestation and compliance).
Review and approve each IAF (Internal Approval form) submitting by Marketing to ensure all IAF raised are within budget assigned.
Prepare budget control analysis to ensure IAF control sheets are correctly and promptly visualized.
Monthly update of Management PL and BS for management meetings.
Analyze monthly and Cummulative Product/Channel PL (Year total status) with Marketing Team for Domain Meetings.
Internal Transfer to join GL Team in Accounting Shared Service Centre.
In-charged of General ledger and financial reporting for Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore.
Assist Panasonic Singapore (Sales company) on GL functions and GST filing.
From Nov 2012 to Jun 2013, took charge of GL & Fixed Assets Section.
Ensure timeliness and accuracy for all financial reportings.
Perform in-depth analysis of actual results against plan for Management meetings.
Investigate and resolve any discrepancies with other related divisions.
Educate the team towards achieving zero Intra-Company discrepancies to facilitate smoother consolidation at Singapore Regional Office.
From Jul 2013, took supervisory roles in Accounts Receivables, Fund Control and Budget Control sections.
Supervise and lead a team of 3 (1 assistant for each section).
Ensure healthy ageing for Accounts Receivables by ensuring timely billing and collection.
contract forward and additional contracts for foreign currencies when necessary.
Ensure timeliness and accuracy month-end closing especially for AR and Fund Control section.
Project leader for Oracle R12 Upgrade Project (System has gone live on 7th Apr’14).
Involve in a Accounting Shared Service Project held by Singapore Regional Office (Accounting Office).
Internal Transfer to Panasonic Singapore Accounting Department.
Run and review GST audit trail report. Prepare Input/ Output tax analysis to ensure GST captured are compliance to GST Act.
Ensure accuracy and timely submission of GST report to Regional Tax Department for group filing.
Advertising & Promotion Control (include SOX attestation and compliance).
Review and approve each IAF (Internal Approval form) submitting by Marketing to ensure all IAF raised are within budget assigned.
Prepare budget control analysis to ensure IAF control sheets are correctly and promptly visualized.
Monthly update of Management PL and BS for management meetings.
Analyze monthly and Cummulative Product/Channel PL (Year total status) with Marketing Team for Domain Meetings.
Internal Transfer to join GL Team in Accounting Shared Service Centre.
In-charged of General ledger and financial reporting for Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore.
Assist Panasonic Singapore (Sales company) on GL functions and GST filing.
From Nov 2012 to Jun 2013, took charge of GL & Fixed Assets Section.
Ensure timeliness and accuracy for all financial reportings.
Perform in-depth analysis of actual results against plan for Management meetings.
Investigate and resolve any discrepancies with other related divisions.
Educate the team towards achieving zero Intra-Company discrepancies to facilitate smoother consolidation at Singapore Regional Office.
From Jul 2013, took supervisory roles in Accounts Receivables, Fund Control and Budget Control sections.
Supervise and lead a team of 3 (1 assistant for each section).
Ensure healthy ageing for Accounts Receivables by ensuring timely billing and collection.
contract forward and additional contracts for foreign currencies when necessary.
Ensure timeliness and accuracy month-end closing especially for AR and Fund Control section.
Project leader for Oracle R12 Upgrade Project (System has gone live on 7th Apr’14).
Involve in a Accounting Shared Service Project held by Singapore Regional Office (Accounting Office).
Internal Transfer to Panasonic Singapore Accounting Department.
Run and review GST audit trail report. Prepare Input/ Output tax analysis to ensure GST captured are compliance to GST Act.
Ensure accuracy and timely submission of GST report to Regional Tax Department for group filing.
Advertising & Promotion Control (include SOX attestation and compliance).
Review and approve each IAF (Internal Approval form) submitting by Marketing to ensure all IAF raised are within budget assigned.
Prepare budget control analysis to ensure IAF control sheets are correctly and promptly visualized.
Monthly update of Management PL and BS for management meetings.
Analyze monthly and Cummulative Product/Channel PL (Year total status) with Marketing Team for Domain Meetings.
Internal Transfer to join GL Team in Accounting Shared Service Centre.
In-charged of General ledger and financial reporting for Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore.
Assist Panasonic Singapore (Sales company) on GL functions and GST filing.
From Nov 2012 to Jun 2013, took charge of GL & Fixed Assets Section.
Ensure timeliness and accuracy for all financial reportings.
Perform in-depth analysis of actual results against plan for Management meetings.
Investigate and resolve any discrepancies with other related divisions.
Educate the team towards achieving zero Intra-Company discrepancies to facilitate smoother consolidation at Singapore Regional Office.
From Jul 2013, took supervisory roles in Accounts Receivables, Fund Control and Budget Control sections.
Supervise and lead a team of 3 (1 assistant for each section).
Ensure healthy ageing for Accounts Receivables by ensuring timely billing and collection.
contract forward and additional contracts for foreign currencies when necessary.
Ensure timeliness and accuracy month-end closing especially for AR and Fund Control section.
Project leader for Oracle R12 Upgrade Project (System has gone live on 7th Apr’14).
Involve in a Accounting Shared Service Project held by Singapore Regional Office (Accounting Office).
Ensure higher accuracy and efficiency on monthly forecast and yearly budgets and evaluate the correctness and completeness of forecast data collected.
Perform in-depth analysis of actual results against plan for Management meetings.
Identify & highlight gaps & risks in performances to management for more effective control and management decision making.
Project leader for a Project on Implementation of Timesheet Recording System for R&D business.
Coordinate and perform monthly forecast and yearly budgeting.
Support and coordinate annually Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) assessment and audits.
Prepare management reports and analysis (actual vs plan/forecast) for management strategy and decision making.
Ensure higher accuracy and efficiency on monthly forecast and yearly budgets and evaluate the correctness and completeness of forecast data collected.
Perform in-depth analysis of actual results against plan for Management meetings.
Identify & highlight gaps & risks in performances to management for more effective control and management decision making.
Project leader for a Project on Implementation of Timesheet Recording System for R&D business.
Coordinate and perform monthly forecast and yearly budgeting.
Support and coordinate annually Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) assessment and audits.
Prepare management reports and analysis (actual vs plan/forecast) for management strategy and decision making.
Ensure higher accuracy and efficiency on monthly forecast and yearly budgets and evaluate the correctness and completeness of forecast data collected.
Perform in-depth analysis of actual results against plan for Management meetings.
Identify & highlight gaps & risks in performances to management for more effective control and management decision making.
Project leader for a Project on Implementation of Timesheet Recording System for R&D business.
Coordinate and perform monthly forecast and yearly budgeting.
Support and coordinate annually Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) assessment and audits.
Prepare management reports and analysis (actual vs plan/forecast) for management strategy and decision making.
Handle partial set of accounts (Accounts Receivables, Accounts Payables and Cash Modules).
Perform bank reconciliation and month-end reports to Head office.
Perform confidential personal administrative tasks and Human Resource matters:.
Handle employment/dependant pass applications for Japanese Expatriates.
Prepare IR21 and filing of income taxes for Company Executives.
Handle partial set of accounts (Accounts Receivables, Accounts Payables and Cash Modules).
Perform bank reconciliation and month-end reports to Head office.
Perform confidential personal administrative tasks and Human Resource matters:.
Handle employment/dependant pass applications for Japanese Expatriates.
Prepare IR21 and filing of income taxes for Company Executives.
Double Minors in Mathematics and Management of Information Technology.
Double Minors in Mathematics and Management of Information Technology.
Seeking for better career advancement opportunities or exposure/challenges in other industries.
Seeking for better career advancement opportunities or exposure/challenges in other industries.
Seeking for better career advancement opportunities or exposure/challenges in other industries.
Seeking for better career advancement opportunities or exposure/challenges in other industries.I would like to express my interest in the position of Accountant and enclosed a copy of my resume for your kind perusal. With my academic qualification and work experiences, I believe that I am suitable for this job and I would be able to make a genuine contribution to the company.
I obtained CPA Singapore in year 2012 and my resume indicates that I have achieved the Bachelor of Science with First Class Honours in Applied Accounting from . Meantime, I completed my ACCA examinations in 2 years and received 2nd placing for Paper P6 (Advanced Taxation) in  in the June 2008 Exam.
I have more than 6 years working experience in accounting and tax area. Meanwhile, I have supervisory experience in leading 4 junior staff and handling 4 subsidiaries as an Group Accountant in Sinco Automation (S) Pte Ltd. I have gained a lot of working knowledge and experience such as handling full set of account, doing the consolidated accounts, managing accounting system, projects costing analysis, GST submission, liaising with auditor, bank and IRAS officer, etc. All these experiences will help me work effectively as an Accountant.
In addition, I am friendly in mature and very adaptable to different working conditions. Also I can speak English and Mandarin very well. I believe that I will be able to perform well in your company.
I thank you for your interest and consideration. I can be contacted at +65 98312096. I am looking forward to your favourable reply. Thank you.
To contribute as a member in a dynamic team with the objective of creating a better competitive edge in a globalize economy.
All passed with receiving 2nd placing for Advanced Taxation Examination in June 2008 Exam.
Receiving 2nd placing in  for Paper P6 (Advanced Taxation) in the ACCA June 2008 Exam.
A Control & Automation services provider to supply various types of new and re-con instruments and machinery equipments.
Supervise and lead finance team which are responsible for AP, AR and GL activities.
Report direct to the managing director for the group accounts and tax returns.
Maintaining full sets of financial accounts, tax returns, GST reporting.
Liaise with bank for all related correspondence such as GIRO, LC and other banking facilities as and when required.
Prepare timely and accurately financial and management report, assist in analysis, cashflow forecasts and annual budgets.
Reason for leaving: Seeking for better career advancement opportunities.
BSL Tax Services Pte Ltd (BSL Public Accounting Corporation).
A certified accounting firm that provides the audit, accounting, tax compliance and company secretarial services.
Preparing and submitting ECI and corporate Tax computation with Form C.
Corresponding with the IRAS and keeping client informed of the changes in tax law and practices.
Other tax compliance work such as requiring instalment on behalf of the client, sending reminder to the Comptroller to expedite on the finalisation of clients’ tax matters, etc.
Collating the information and preparing the Form IR8A for individuals.
Advise clients regarding to the special benefits that effectively reduce the tax liability.
Reason for leaving: Seeking for exposure in Accounting Field.
Using computer programs such as Outlook, MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint.I have a work experience of almost eleven years which includes one year as quality auditor in Accenture Financial services, three years in Trading company and six years in Investment Holding company.
Excellent organizational skills with an ability to effectively manage & prioritize schedules.
Hardworking, sincere and dedicated with an ability to meet deadlines.
Good team worker with strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Proficient in complete book keeping, accounting, audit, consolidation, preparation of financial statements as per International Financial Reporting Standards, management reporting, Analytical review of financials, Cost reports, Budgets & forecast, Singapore tax, International tax.
Steppe Capital Pte. Ltd (“Steppe”) is an investment holding company which has investments in Kazakhstan, Russia, Spain, India, UK, Dubai, BVI, Thailand etc. The company has its intermediate holding companies in Netherlands.
Steppe has a portfolio of investment in companies which are either wholly owned subsidiary or Joint Venture/ Associate. Steppe has also investments in securities/ equity held for trading purposes. The Principal business activities of our subsidiaries/ JV/ Associate are listed below:.
Execute engineering, procurement and construction projects.
Recording and maintaining the books of accounts, Accounts receivable, Accounts payable, fixed assets, Ageing analysis, following up with debtors etc.
Preparation of company level and group consolidated financial statements of Steppe capital and its subsidiaries as per IFRS. It comprises of more than 70 entities. The group revenue is around US$340 million and equity of US$1.6 billion.
Coordinating with the auditors – Ernst & Young LLP on reviewing the consolidated financial statements and get the signed audit report prior to the deadline to file in ACRA.
Proficient in merger and acquisition accounting which includes in Purchase price allocation (PPA) based on valuation report.
Preparation of cost report, bank reconciliation and cash flow.
Handle complete set of accounts, audit & tax of a subsidiary entity which is in the business of Aircraft operation and management of privately owned Charter aircrafts.
Handled internal audit in one of joint venture entity having principal business activity in Aircraft operations and management.
Due Diligence of financials before acquisition/ sale of investments.
Preparation of analytical review of financial statement which compiles, verifies, analyses, interpret and disseminate critical financial data (actual and comparatives) to the management.
Preparation of management reports on all the investments portfolio.
Involved in restructuring of investments and acquisition under common control.
Assisting in updating the group structure, source of dividend, tracking and tracing of dividend for the 13(12) exemption provided by Ministry of Finance.
Assisting is drafting affirmation letter and update structure to Ministry of Finance.
Compliance with withholding tax and filing of IR37 to IRAS on interest expenses/ aircraft rental etc. remitted to non-resident of Singapore. Familiar with the Double tax treaties (DTT) and the benefits of Double Tax avoidance (DTA). Applying for Certificate of residence with IRAS.
Responsible for Statutory filing and tax matters of Steppe Capital Pte. Ltd. and its group companies in Singapore. Reviewing the computation of tax calculation for filing estimated chargeable income (ECI) and annual tax (form C) filing of tax in IRAS.
Liaising with IRAS on GST exemption for companies having exempt or zero rated supplies.
Involved in structuring of Group’s transactions/ investments which includes Singapore and International accounting requirements, local and cross border tax issues.
Assisting in drafting letters on queries (if any) raised by IRAS.
Preparing the transfer pricing (TP) documentation on related party transactions.
Evergreen Global is a Trading Enterprise (Import & Export) in Tyres, Rubber, Yarn and coal with its branch Office in Myanmar, Vietnam, Dubai , China, Indonesia and Brazil.
Maintaining complete books of accounts, Petty cash and fixed asset register.
Preparation of Bank reconciliation, stock statement, budgets and forecast reports.
Salary & CPF payments and preparation of IR8A forms for employees.
Checking the trade documentation – BL, Freight invoices etc. and forwarding it to the bank.
Responsible for initiating the Inventory management – i.e. record purchase orders and sales orders on placement of order and check against the actual purchase or sales made by the vendors.
Handling the GST Input and output on purchases and sales. Liasing with the IRAS on GST refund.
Assist in company’s corporate tax related matters and filing estimated tax and annual tax.
Assisting in answering any queries raised by IRAS on company tax related matters.
Accenture Financials Services provide Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services to big Multi- National Companies.
I was in the Accounts Payable team which was supporting the downstream i.e. handling payments and disputes from vendors of British Petroleum (BP), USA. Some of the major vendors of British Petroleum (BP) are Exxon Mobil, Multisol, Kelly Services, Chevron, Graham Packaging, SKEP, etc. out of more than 200 vendors of the business.
Hands on experience with JD Edwards Accounts Payable Application.
Quality audit of invoices processed by the team and preparation of QA (quality audit) Metrics.
Make payments of processed invoices through the check run/EFT run (Electronic Fund Transfer) to the vendors.
Responsible for completing some critical activities such as.
Preparation of Single Pager every working day to ensure all activities are completed within TAT (Total Allowable Time).
Preparation of the Queue Count to allocate and distribute work among team members.
Preparation of Dashboards which includes power point slides, charts and calculations to provide an overview of the entire activity of Accounts payable process for the month which is sent to the business- Accenture (Houston).
Liaise with vendors on disputed invoices and maintain Utility tracker with over two hundred vendors.
ATP – Income tax (Accredited Tax Practitioner) from Singapore Institute of Accredited Tax Professional Limited (SIATP).
CA Singapore from Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant (ISCA).
ACCA (UK) from Association of Certified Cahrtered Accountants (ACCA), UK.
Bachelors of Commerce (Financial accounting & Management accounting) from Bangalore University, India.
Received Accenture Summit Award in Accenture Financial Services for auditing maximum number of invoices (365 invoices) per day with accuracy and also for handling the disputed invoices and meeting all the deadlines.
Appreciation mails from the business – US Clients to keep up the good work.
Appreciation for initiating the Inventory Management (Sales Orders and Purchase order System) in the trading company - Evergreen Global Pte. Ltd., Singapore.
Appreciation for speed and accuracy and suggesting new ideas for control and check.
Appreciation on preparation and completion of Group Consolidated Financial statements as per IFRS for Steppe Capital Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiary prior to deadline specified by ACRA.
Appreciation for handling internal audit in subsidiary company, which was incorporated in Kazakhstan.
Appreciation in completion of documentation for tracking and tracing of Dividend for 13(12) tax exemption and getting a report from our tax agent PWC, Singapore.Address : Blok 21-00-01, Rumah Pangsa Batu 3 1/2, Jalan Cheras, 56100 Kuala Lumpur.
To leverage my skills and knowledge in accounting, finance and tax to the requirement and of my job within a challenging and fast growing organization.
MBA (Leadership), Chartered Accountant of Malaysian Institute of Accountants, Associate of Chartered Tax Institute of Malaysia, Fellow of  The Association of International Accountants (UK), Member of  Institute of Public Accountants (Australia) and Certified Financial Planner. Have around 20 years working experience in accounts, finance and tax. Have used SAP R3 ERP System Financials (FICO) module more than 7 years and ACCPAC accounting system 2 years.
Company principal activities:    Insurance, credit, hospitality and property investment.
Review subsidiaries Monthly Management Accounts and Annual Budget.
Assist Manager in overseeing cash management and cashflow for all subsidiaries in the Group.
Check audit schedules and draft audit reports prepared by staffs.
Check annual tax filing information prepared by staffs as required by tax agents & check tax computation and form C/R prepared by tax agents before submission to tax authorities.
Review the estimate tax computations prepared by staffs for CP204/CP204A.
Verify holding company receipts, payments and petty cash accounts code and GST code.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Company principal activities:    Provide personal loan to public-sector employees.
Prepared monthly tax computation, estimate and revise tax estimate, deferred tax, effective tax rate.
Drafting income tax and deferred tax notes in annual report.
Prepared annual tax filing information required by tax agents & checked tax computation and form C/R prepared by tax agents before submission to tax authorities.
Prepared documents for service tax application ensure service tax paid on time.
Verified daily collections reports, daily loan disbursement payment and bank reconciliation.
Prepared required information and report for annual credit rating purposes.
Prepared monthly reports on total collections, including information on collections, prepayments and any other payments received, and delinquencies.
Verified payment voucher and petty cash voucher, ensure posting correctly.
Managed daily cash flow, ensure sufficient funds to make payment.
Prepared Bursa quarterly report - provision of financial assistance.
Shorten the collections data entry process into ACCPAC system i.e. developed an interface system to link the collections system, so that information can be uploaded into ACCPAC system directly.
Established and setup systematic tax administrative records such as Form C, R, CP204/CP204A and tax computation, easy for reference on the datelines.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Company principal activities:    Provide equipment for power generation and rail transport.
Responsible for preparation of financial statements and overhead analysis for shared service division (actual, forecast & budget.).
Prepared monthly schedules. (Receivables & payables ageing, advances, prepaid and accruals).
Responsible for Inter-Group confirmation, reconciliation and posting.
Responsible for Fixed Assets maintenance in SAP (acquisition, depreciation, transfer, disposal and write off) and asset tagging.
Responsible for withholding tax returns and preparation of payment to tax authorities.
Updated and maintained cashbook, bank account, fixed deposit and REPO.
Oversaw/checked/verified monthly bank reconciliation of bank accounts held under company’s name.
Assisted in filing Bank Negara statistic reports as and when required.
Safekeeping, monitoring & updating status of bank guarantees provided by vendor /suppliers.
Submission of application for Letters of Credit for Business Unit. Following up on discrepancies with bankers.
Assisted in posting invoices and process payment via electronic banking and cheque.
Verification of site expenditure and ensuring compliance to established internal control procedures.
Assisted the manager in established internal control procedures.
Assisted the manager in Business process improvement projects i.e. E-invoice. With the implementation of E- invoice, Key Performance Indicator (KPI) for invoice can be established i.e. time taken for the invoice to be processed.
Assisted the manager in SAP enhancement to harmonize local General Ledger and Cost Centre with Headquarter.
Activities include data cleansing, data migration, impact analysis, and user acceptance test.
Trained peers on work procedures/processes and use of SAP ERP System Financials (FICO) module.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Company principal activities:    Provide personal and company tax services.
Responsible for company and personal tax computation and submission of return form.
Responsible for company monthly tax instalment, scheduler tax deduction (STD), form J/JA/JR.
Responsible for company estimate and revise estimate tax payable, computation of Section S108, open new file.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Responsible in preparing monthly bank reconciliation for 4 branches.
Assisted in posting invoices and processed payment via electronic banking and cheque.
Prepared monthly schedules. (Receivables & payables ageing, advances, prepaid and accruals).
Prepared invoice, debit & credit note, journal, receipt, payment voucher.
Responsible for Inter-company and petty cash confirmation, reconciliation and posting.
Met the Key Performance Indicator (KPI) for Accounts Payable ie. no overdue invoices, no long unpresented cheques.
Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SAP R3 ERP System Financials (FICO) module, ACCPAC System, Microsift Dynamic GP system.Be a dynamic, competitive and value added professional accountant with adequate knowledge in both finance and accounting to the business world.
Strong in accounting standards (IFRS, FRS, GAAP), finance related, audit standards (IAS)/skills and investment product knowledge. (Money Market, Equities, Bonds, Real estate, Infrastructure assets, Warrant, FX, Forward, Future, Options, Credit link note, Equity link note, Credit default swap, Interest rate & currency swaps).
Process improvement, review and update SOP, Exceed service level agreement raise/implement internal control and risk management.
Initiative in take up more responsibility and act as mentor to junior staffs and train team members of market development (latest accounting standards).
Ability to handle audits of companies of various sizes such as fund companies, investment holding, trading, services managements and property development.
Well-developed communication skills and demonstrated fluent proficiency with English, Mandarin, Malay and Cantonese skills.
Capable of working independently or as part of a team, developing effective client and colleague relations.
Good time management, patience, determination, having the ability to stay calm in solving problem, cope with ability to work under pressure and meeting strict deadline.
August 2016-Present: PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), Singapore.
Manage the Accounting & Bookkeeping Services team that performs a wide range of accounting and bookkeeping tasks, including compilation of financial statements, data entry, sorting and filing of accounting/other documents, consolidation, preparation of bank reconciliations, other reconciliations and audit schedules.
Responsible for overall operational effectiveness of the unit by initiating process reviews and improvements.
Manage and grow a team of effective professionals to serve clients’ needs including accounting research, work review, coaching and staff development.
Advise clients on financial reporting matters, including accounting implications, application of accounting standards, etc.
Manage client deliverables to ensure that agreed timelines are met.
Support business development for Accounting & Bookkeeping Services team and secure new Accounts.
Assistant Manager- Finance and Accounting: Client Accounting Department.
Responsible for the accounting and preparation of clients financial statements, related accounting reports, GST returns and filing of corporate tax returns for clients and internal entities.
Reviews reports (i.e. financial statements, related accounting reports, GST calculation and corporate tax returns and tax calculations.) processed / prepared by Client Accounting Officers in Singapore, Bangalore and Philippines.
Compiles and prepares clients periodic (interim, annual) financial statements, related accounting reports and schedules.
Performs detailed review of financial statements received from clients.
Ensures accuracy and timely preparations of annual financial statements, GST returns and corporate tax returns.
Liaison with clients to request information needed relating to accounting and fiscal matters.
Liaison with client auditors, tax advisors, banker, corporate secretary, relationship manager and sales officer.
Keeps database for accounting and tax related fields up to date.
Supports the creation and monitoring of budgets and provides suggestions for improvements.
Quality and process improvement / New accounting system implementation and migration.
Act as Corporate Secretary for internal Amicorp entities, review resolution and loan agreements.
Advice the Relationship Manager/Sales Officer on the accounting impact for company structure set up by the clients.
Perform financial and management reporting, consolidation and statutory financial statements for client companies.
Assist in implementation of accounting, financial policies and control procedures to ensure compliance with statutory and corporate requirement.
Perform treasury and cash management, payroll, variance analysis, withholding tax, tax compliance  and GST returns.
Calculate management fee, preferred return, equalization credit (subsequent close fundraising), capital calls and capital distribution for funds.
Preparation of service agreement with scope of services and related fees to client.
Review junior accountant/accountant works, train and guide them.
Liaise with client, auditors, secretary, tax agent, legal counsels, property managers, fund managers.
Ensure compliance with Private Placement Memorandum (PPM), Fund management agreement, Partnership agreement, Cooperation agreement, Subscription agreement, Group accounting policy & procedures, Company Act, and relevant accounting standards such as SFRS, IFRS and Dutch Accounting standards.
Industry specialization – MNC (Regional HQ office), Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), Private Equity Funds, Real Estate Investment Fund.
Preparation of statutory and non-statutory financial statements for investment    companies in according to Singapore GAAP/RAP 7 accounting standards and SFRS or IFRS.
Preparation and review of cash and securities reconciliation.
Ensure all transactions and corporate actions are reflected in the NAV for the reporting period.
Meet reporting deadlines in accordance with the client’s requirements, ensuring quality and service at all times.
Respond and follow up with any queries according to service standards and liaise with respective parties such as fund manager, client service manager, trustee etc.
Types of investment funds are Investment link, Unit Trusts, Mutual Funds, ETF, Private Equity, Hedge Funds, Mutual Funds and Statutory Investment Funds such as EDB board and STB board.
Ensure all funds set up are accordance to prospectus, investment memorandum and Code on Collective Investment Schemes.
Ensure compliance to Singapore Standards on Related Services(SSRS 4400) and Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS 70)-Service Organization.
Led audit teams in performing audit of medium to large companies, mainly local companies listed on Singapore Stock Exchange and their subsidiaries as well as subsidiaries of overseas multinational companies.
Reviewed work performed by Team Member to ensure audit conduct in accordance to Singapore Auditing Standards.
Reviewed financial statements prepared by Clients to ensure in accordance to Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (SFRS) or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
Conversed through phone calls and e-mails with clients regarding issues that arose during audit work.
Reviewed and finalizing draft audited financial statements for shareholders and stakeholders and reviewed tax computation prepared by Clients.
Industry specialization - service, manufacturing, trading and construction.
July 2005 - August 2006: KPMG (Chartered Accounting Firm), Malaysia.
Reviewed draft audited financial statements for shareholders and stakeholders.
Prepared audit report, bank confirmation letters, creditors/debtors confirmation letters and lawyer confirmation letters using Microsoft Word word-processor.
Industry specialization - service, manufacturing and trading.
Fellow member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (FCCA).
Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
Member of Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA).
Passed Finalist for Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Qualification.
Advanced Diploma in Commerce (Financial Accounting) at Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Diploma in Business Studies (Accounting) at Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), UBS Accounting Packages, Hiport Investment Packages, Bloomberg, SAP, Investran, Yardi, ViewPoint, Microsoft Dynamic, Tally ERP Version 9, QuickBooks.
English (Certificate in grammar and conversation-Erican language center), Malay, and Chinese dialects (Cantonese and Mandarin).Professional with 14 years experience in financial and management accounting, financial Planning & analysis, payroll, reporting and control. Adept at problem solving, meeting with tight deadlines and producing quality work under pressure. Possess good knowledge in the use of professional finance software.
Expertise in domains of Operational Accounting & Finance, budgeting, forecasting, financial planning & analysis, Taxation, Audit, Team management and Service standards for business excellence.
Managing & Controlling for Account Closing such as Monthly, Quarterly, Annual Closing. Also handled allocations, translations and consolidations of multiple entities globally.
Expertise in Payroll processing and accounting with 100% compliances to statutory payments.
Preparation of all financial Reports, Including Profit Loss Statement, Balance sheet, Statement of cash flows, as well as yearend financial reports.
Expertise in Revenue accounting under various billing model.(Time and material, fixed bid, cost plus mark-up).
Analysis of Financial statements, financial Planning & analysis, Ratio analysis & Variance analysis and provided timely explanations and corrective actions as appropriate.
Successfully migrated from People Soft to Oracle for Dell finance department for uniformly using a single platform (When Dell acquired Perot Systems Corporation).
Successfully migrated from JDE Ed-ward to People Soft for Perot Systems Corporation finance for a single platform usage (When Perot Systems Corporations acquired HCL Perot Systems).
Streamlined the process Accounts Payable, General Accounting and payroll processing within the time line provided.
Successfully transitioned the APAC payroll system to Dell Penang.
Facilitated long term projection to EDB (Economic Development Board) and achieved significant tax benefits from Government. (Tax reduction from 17% to 10%).
Drove various Audit Assignments (Statutory\Internal\Tax) for both Local GAAP and US GAAP simultaneously for multiple entities including manufacturing unit and finalized GAAP adjustments.
Dell Software Singapore Pte Ltd formerly known as Quest (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (JUNE 2013 – July 2016) - ACCOUNTING & Payroll Advisor in Singapore.
Responsible for Managing Payroll processing and Accounting in APAC region interface with Automatic Data Processing Ltd.
Preparation of all Payroll statutory reporting/Payroll Annual Audit (engaged with Deloitte) /Government surveys/Payroll projects and all day to day transaction and attending all employee day to day queries.
Responsible for Audit Assignments with (PWC) for Dell Services Pte Ltd (Statutory\Internal\Tax) for both Local GAAP and US GAAP simultaneously for multiple entities including manufacturing unit and responsible for finalization of GAAP adjustments.
Holds the distinction of being conversant with Accounts Preparation and Finalization as per general accepted accounting principles.
Dell Services Pte Ltd Formerly known as Perot Systems (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (MAY 2004 – May 2013) -   accounting Advisor & Asia Controller.
Responsible for Accounts Payable/Receivable, General Accounting, financial planning & analysis in APAC region.
Maintaining books of account for APAC region, Payroll checking & reconciliation, disbursement and statutory payment for APAC region.
Accountable for month end activities i.e. Accounts Payable, General Accounting, budgeting, forecasting, Asset Management and Bank reconciliation includes Restatements also.
Preparation of local statutory returns i.e. GST/PAYROLL Tax / Services Tax & CPF returns are submitted in local statutory board within stipulated period to avoid no compliances.
Audit Engagement with (PWC) - Preparation of Balance sheet Schedules, Consolidation of Trial Balance, and Grouping, and financial & variation analysis.
Coordination with onsite/offshore associates, Project manager with respect to 100% revenue recognition and employee related disbursements.
Contribution towards organizational initiatives (e.g. Knowledge of Sox Compliance).
Communication with all the associates to ensure that company policies and compliances are followed.
HCL Perot Systems, India (April 2002 – April 2004) - Finance associate.
Responsible for Book Keeping for APAC region, Month-End Closure of Books of Accounts involving Provisioning of various Direct & Indirect Expenses, Bank reconciliations, Revenue recognition and Invoicing for UBS (Union Bank of Switzerland) one of the Principal Clients of Companies, Estimation of Monthly Revenue Accrual/summary to be circulated to the onsite managers & senior management in India and APAC.
Assistance in preparation of Payroll/Employee Tax computation/CPF and employee tax filing.
Responsible for Inter Company Accounts reconciliations in Asia-Pacific with principal entity in India.
Offshore Audit Support for APAC region involving preparation of various Schedules to be attached with Balance Sheet & Profit & Loss Account of concerned entity & assisting in final audit of APAC-Malaysia entity which annual audit was performed in India.
M/S STANDARD CARTONS PVT. LTD.  (August 1999 – March 2002) - Sr. Accountant in India.
Control & Supervision of day-to-day financial transaction, taking care India Sales Tax, Income Tax, Registered of Company, and Employees State Insurance Corporation & Employees Provident Funds.
Projection of Company Results for the purposes of applying for loan with Banks and handling of Treasury related activities & Monthly Reconciliation of Banks.
Responsible for annual Statutory Audits, Finalization of Balance Sheet & Profit & Loss Accounts.
Liaising with Suppliers & Dealers to ensure companies policies had been followed and SOX compliances were taken care of.
M/S REPRO OFFSET INDIA PVT. LTD.  (July 1998 – May 1999)  - Accountant.
Control & Supervision of Day-to-Day Financial Transaction, Payroll processing, Projection of Company Results for the purposes of applying Loan for bank overdraft, Treasury related activities and bank reconciliations.
Responsible for annual Statutory Audits, Finalization of Balance Sheet & Profit & Loss Accounts.
Responsible for local taxes preparation and submitted to Government.
Assisting in day-to-day financial transaction, bank reconciliations, supporting annual audit and taking care of Sales Tax.
Bachelor of commerce - Accounting and Finance, UTKAL University India.
Master of Business Administration (MBA) – Finance, Punjab Technical University-India.
Diploma in Computer application – Financial Accounting in 1995, Including Tally.
Diploma in SAP–ERP (Finance & Controlling) systems-I have completed a course in SAP R/3 in FICO and worked in different applications in area of Finance. My exposure includes General ledger, Accounts Payable/Receivables- Webcom Technologies.
Possess strong analytical and communication skills-British Council.
Consecutive three Silver award winners Q2 FY 11, Q2 FY12 and Q1 FY14.
Have successfully completed local and International entity Liquidations and strike off._____________________________________________________________________.
Present – University of Bedfordshire-Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Accounting (Expected complete by Jun 2017).
Reason Leaving: Looking for job advancement and better working experience.
To assist Finance manager in the preparation of monthly and quarterly report and slides for reporting purpose.
Maintenance investment schedule ,  distribution schedule and etc.
Ensure proper & timely billing for Customers and Inter-Companies.
Issuance of Credit notes to customer and Inter-company (where applicable).
Manages credit control and collection, following up with customers on payment and dispute resolution.
Assume the responsibility of receiving and sorting incoming payments.
Ensure all invoices and receipts are posted to books timely on day-to-day basis.
Checking and matching of invoices with supporting documents (including freight invoices).
Process intercompany billings and compile supporting documents for intercompany billings.
Prepare Monthly intercompany reconciliation in difference currency.
Preparation of monthly Fixed assets, Prepayment, Accrual and other balance sheet item schedules.
WPG SOUTH ASIA GROUP (Electronics Distributor-Taiwan MNC).
Conduct daily treasury operations and transactions in an accurate and timely manner.
Developing banking relationship and managing usage of banking facilities.
Prepare document to bank for trade financing, settlement, foreign Exchange  & Non Deliverable Forwards.
Negotiate rates with banks to ensure charges are competitive.
To update bank mandates for difference subsidiary’s bank accounts.
Preparation report for exchange gain & loss, derivative, bank facilities by daily, weekly and monthly basis.
Checking and matching of invoices with supporting documents (including freight invoices).
preparation of inter-companies payments, review AP aging, prepare payment  voucher & cheque.
Compile and analyze financial information to prepare financial statements (USD) including monthly and annual account.
Prepare monthly financial statements with variance analyses.
Financial audit preparation and coordinate the audit process.
Prepare full set of subsidiary company in their local currency (India, Malaysia,Thailand).
Assist to fill in reissue tickets form for weekly refunds’ submission.
Review and ensure the accuracy of amount, tax rate and description on BSP cost report with system.
Handle customers’ enquiries and processing of documentations.
Collections on overdue customer accounts and follow up with customer frequently.
Verifies the accuracy of information contained in accounting records, existence of assets and liabilities in reports.
Prepares financial statements and reports for management, shareholders and statutory bodies.
Responsible to conduct outlets' stock count and ensure stock count is accurate.
Structure all relevant accounting documents into a proper filling condition.Major courses: Financial Accounting, Cost Management, Corporate Accounting, Taxation Law, Corporation Law, Economics, Auditing, Investment Analysis etc.
Familiar with the international and national financial system and relevant policies and regulations, adequate working experience;.
Solid accounting expertise and skills, independent and comprehensive financial accounting;.
Fluent in Mandarin, Cantonese and English; Good communication skills.
Maurice Zhang & Co. (registered tax agent and accounting firm).
Financial and accounting data processing, daily office management; provides accounting, tax and management consulting, investment and financial risk management recommendations; Preparation of compliance company financial report and the related tax report, company registration, registration of ownership changes, corporation establishment; Preparing asset evaluation report and review of financial statements, issue audit reports etc.More than 5 years’ experience in audit and financial industries.
Excellent command of English and Chinese; Proficiency in Putonghua.
Able to adapt to change and learn quickly and handle multi-tasks simultaneously.
Assist in the monitoring of private equity firms’ activities, including conducting analysis, documenting the assessments and seeking clarification.
Review the financial statements and reports with an objective that matters efficiently and effectively handled in accordance with the policies, procedures, relevant rules and regulations.
Make preparations for the participation in meetings and conference calls.
Ascertained compliance with applicable internal policies and procedures and relevant rules and regulations.
Reviewed the clients’ financial soundness and compliance with the policies, procedures, relevant rules and regulations.
Prepared the summary of audit findings in relations to identified risks.
Informed the clients about the update of relevant rules and regulations.
Reviewed financial statements and financial information prepared by client from various business sectors such as investments and assets management in accordance with the policies, relevant rules and regulations.
Ascertained the validity and reliability of financial information prepared by clients.
Assisted in the business risk assessment and documented the assessments.
Evaluated the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and made recommendations to address identified deficiencies.
Analysed industry and firm-specific data and depicting industry trends.
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants                    Since Jan 2014.
Languages: Excellent command of English and Chinese; Proficiency in Putonghua; Native Cantonese and written Chinese.15J, Evelyn Towers, 38 Cloud View Road, North Point, Hong Kong  jshum90@gmail.com  6382-8036.
Dean’s List (2008 Fall, 2009 Winter, Summer, Fall, 2010 Winter).
Preparation of month-end closing for HK Branch, Shanghai & DJC UAE.
Monthly, quarterly and annual preparation of schedules and deliverables for Head Office reporting.
Preparation of data and analytics to support the filing of Basel III reports and Liquidity Coverage Ratio reporting.
Process invoices for Hong Kong Branch and ensure payments are made with appropriate authorization.
Process staff reimbursement claims through Concur (Travel & Expense solution).
Expense review for rebilling process to ensure accurate cost allocation to various business lines.
Handle queries from business and other enabling teams across HK, UAE, Shanghai and Singapore in regards to cost actuals figures for the month.
Provide variance analysis on profit and loss accounts and month end financial reports to management.
Liaison with internal and external auditors, as well as tax representatives.
Oversaw full set of management accounts at a divisional and consolidated level, including preparation of month-end closing and year-end audit materials.
Handled correspondence of fund transfer for settlement of securities trading and cash movement.
Prepared weekly investment portfolio summary and stock position for HK & overseas stock market.
Liaised with external counterparts for securities lending and financing.
Responsible for cash management within operation team and bank reconciliation.
Facilitated payments to vendor invoices, expense claims and intercompany transactions.
Performed monthly P&L variance analysis and provide qualitative commentary to senior management.
Worked with management team in annual budgeting and forecasting to meet goals and objectives  •  Project Coordinator of the implementation of new accounting system SAP.
Citrus Lane, Inc., California, United States                                    Apr 2012 – Sep 2013       Accounting/ Finance Consultant.
Handled daily accounts payable processes, accurate processing of invoices, purchase orders, expense reports, credit memos, and payment transactions on Quickbooks.
Updated cash dashboards and key operational metrics for board meetings to show favorable trends.
Performed monthly and year-end closing procedures including bank reconciliations to ensure accuracy.
Renegotiated payment terms with vendors from Net 7 to Net 60 days to improve cash flow and facilitate company’s return to profitability.
Aggregated data and metrics to better allocate costs on shipping and fulfillment to increase margin by 40% •  Oversaw chargeback activities, fraud analysis and response documentation.
Worked closely with the management of six departments to track monthly departmental budgets and maintain accuracy against annual spending limits.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________.
SKILLS                     Fluent in both spoken and written English and Chinese (Cantonese, Mandarin).
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint), QuickBooks, SunSystems, SAP, Smartstream.I began my career in the audit field and my exposure, skills and expertise had been always with a mix variety of clientele on a wide range of different projects including preparing full set of management account, finalizing audit  report, reviewing audit report, taxation and had always ensured compliance of the accounting standards, MFRS and/or IFRS.
Currently, I am pursuing my career with Suria KLCC Sdn. Bhd., leading a team of six members in finance department and in a shared service environment. As an Assistant Finance Manager, I have been able to utilize my accounting and reporting knowledge and skills in this corporate environment that I have acquired along my career progressions. Prior to this, I worked as a Accountant in Paragon Union Berhad and main task were daily operations in finance department, monthly reporting of management reports to owner,quarterly reports to Bursa Malaysia together with annual reports and AGM.
Below are my brief achievements throughout my twelve years of exposures in these organizations that I spent in my professional career: -.
Suria KLCC SB.: Coordinated and liaised with Group Tax and Group ICT for the 1st submission (April’15) of GST in May’15.
Paragon Union Bhd : Completed Annual Report ahead of deadline.
PM Securities SB: Report submissions on a timely manner to regulators and Group, developed and reviewed Finance SOP, hiring of Finance team and coached the Finance team.
CIMB Aviva Assurance Bhd : Participated in business application implementation in Finance dept, involved in cost centre management to optimize cost effectiveness of the company and report submissions on a timely manner to regulators and Groups.
RTR and Gomez &  Co : Successfully audited accounts for Public Listed companies, report submissions on a timely manner to regulators and clients and coached junior auditors.
I am sincerely seeking for long-term career advancement in an established organization which can offer me a greater growth potential and I am confident that I can make a strong contribution towards your esteemed organization.
It will be indeed a pleasure to meet and discuss on your company’s requirements and how I might fulfill them based on my exposures and credentials and please do call me at your convenience at 016 6666 794.
Annexed herewith please find 5 pages of my comprehensive resume.
To apply my knowledge and competence in an established corporate organization and grow within the firm while maintaining the financial standards as per the industry and regulators.
To consolidate my proficiency in the accounting field and play an important role to meliorate the firm’s internal process and financial reporting.
Review the monthly management account for three shopping malls operated by Suria KLCC Sdn. Bhd. on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis.
Review and analyze key fluctuations of revenue, controllable expenses, shared service expenses, gross profit margin and management fees expense of the shopping malls on a monthly and quarterly basis against budget.
Involve in reviewing quotations received from vendors before review by Quotation Committee members based on Limit of Authority and procurement policy.
Review monthly, quarterly, and yearly management reports for GM of Finance, respective Centre GM and to the group.
Assist, coordinate and review budget plan prepared by the respective Centre GM and departments together with the budget presentation slides, budget pack and business plan write up.
Manage the day to day finance operations of the respective malls which includes review purchase orders, payments approvals, bank reconciliation and receivable aging status.
Review weekly cashflow for fund placement to the Group to maximize returns.
Lead yearly and interim audits to ensure all schedules are updated and audit works runs smoothly.
Prepare audited financial statements and draft tax computations together with the notes for year end purposes.
Review GST tax reports and reconciliations prepared by staff before submission to the Group Tax.
Prepare quarterly dividend management paper together with forecast profit and loss, balance sheet and cash flow.
Coordinated, assisted and liaised with Group Tax and Group ICT for the 1st submission (April’15) of GST in May’15.
Implemented Procurement Policy, ensure set up of governance and compliance team in order to adhere which is in line to group procurement policies.
Implemented accounts payable standard operating procedures.
GST implementation, treatments and recognitions organized by Ernst & Young through Petronas  Group Tax.
Review the group consolidated management accounts on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis.
Review and analyze key fluctuations of revenue, cost of sales, gross profit margin and management expenses of the group on a monthly and quarterly basis against budget.
Review daily cash flow and ensure sufficient group funds available to meet LC, BA, hire purchase, payables payments and receivables.
Prepare monthly, quarterly, and yearly management reports of the group to the Finance Director.
Review yearly tax computation of the group of companies for the submission to Inland Revenue Board.
Review quarterly and yearly reports and announcements submissions to Bursa Malaysia Berhad.
Review monthly sales tax submissions to Jabatan Kastam Di Raja Malaysia.
Review monthly statistic submissions to Jabatan Statistik of Bank Negara Malaysia.
Review and clear the internal audit issues raised by the internal auditors on a quarterly basis.
Involve in risk management committee to review risk in finance department on a quarterly basis.
Review draft audit financial statement, audit schedules and tax schedules of the group of companies for year end audit.
Completed quarter submissions and announcements for Bursa Malaysia Berhad within the deadlines.
Reviewed the drafted audited financial statements for YA 2013 and completed all submissions within the deadlines.
Reviewed and completed the Annual Report 2013 together with the preparation of the upcoming AGM (Annual General Meeting).
Completed tax queries and submitted tax computations, form C and R for the group of companies within the deadline.
GST awareness for manufacturing industry organized by Jabatan Kastam Di Raja Malaysia.
GST awareness for automotive industry organized by Jabatan Kastam Di Raja Malaysia.
(A participating organization of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad and holds a Universal Stock Broking status).
Prepared the consolidated management accounts including principal office and branches.
Reviewed and analyzed management accounts together with fluctuation of management expenses of the company on a monthly basis against budget.
Reviewed daily cash flow and ensure sufficient funds to be placed at money market and Fixed Deposit placements.
Monitored common shared service expenses and ensure accruals of expenses are in place on a monthly basis.
Prepared monthly, quarterly, and yearly management reports to the CEO and MUI Group for consolidation purposes.
Prepared yearly notes for tax computation of the company for the submission to Inland Revenue Board.
Reviewed daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and yearly report submission to Bursa Malaysia, Securities Commission and Bank Negara Malaysia.
Reviewed internal audit issues raised by the group internal auditors and issues raised by the compliance department.
Completed yearly closing of accounts and submitted audited accounts and completed the form C and R within the deadline.
Report submissions to group and regulatory met within the deadlines.
Reviewed finance standard operating procedures and update it to the current practice of the company.
Involved in the Risk Management Committee to review risk of Finance department.
Cleared backlog internal audit issues raised by the group internal auditors.
CIMB Aviva Assurance Berhad.( Now known as Sun Life Malaysia).
Involved in closing of management account and prepared the management report.
Maintained, reviewed and analyzed fluctuation of management expenses of the company on a monthly basis.
Ensured accruals of expenses are in place on a monthly basis.
Prepared monthly ,quarterly, and yearly reporting to the Asia Pacific Regional Office (APRO).
Prepared monthly, quarterly and yearly reporting to CIMB Group for consolidation purposes.
Prepared budget plan of expenses for the company, advised/assisted operation team on payments process and monitored shared service expenses on a monthly basis.
Involved in implementation of Oracle accounting system and U.A.T (User Acceptance Test) at start.
Involved in conversion and customization of reports of Apro (Asia Pacific Regional Office) into Oracle as a secondary ledger in Oracle accounting system.
Kicked start Cost Center Management proposed by the Financial Controller.
●    Objective: Ensured management expenses are reflected/flow correctly into the accounts. This is to enhance the control of management expenses in departments and to monitor against the budget plan.
FRS 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.
Led a group of staff (4 to 5) in various types of industries audit including public listed companies, finalizing the audit report and financial statement (interim and final).
Prepared consolidated accounts and segment reporting for reporting purpose and audited financial reports.
Assessed accounting principles and estimation used by clients in preparing financial statements and ensured in compliance of FRS and PERS.
Prepared audited financial statements, tax computations, Form C and R to clients.
Ensured timely preparation and submission of audited financial statements to Registrar of Companies and tax agents.
Met tight deadlines, especially during the peak period of May- July and December - January.
In the case of auditing subsidiary of an overseas company, managing, followed strict guidelines and tight schedules.
Assisted in upgrading the firm’s library and equipped it with essential reading materials and latest technical knowledge for staff.
Organized training session for junior staff and prepared training material for trainer.
● Risk Based Auditing by MICPA (Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants).
Led a group of staff (4 to 5) in various types of industries audit , finalizing the audit report and financial statement (interim and final).
Prepared complete management account for small and medium companies inclusive of other relevant reports/schedules for audit purpose.
Performed Statutory audit, write up audit working papers together with  the audit report to be submitted to Audit Supervisor or Audit Manager for review.
Performed analytical review by using appropriate ratio analysis and discussed with client any significant fluctuations or inappropriate ratios from calculations done.
Prepared audited financial statements to be sent to clients, Registrar of Companies and tax agents.
Led a group of junior staff (2 or 3) in auditing medium and large   sized companies in various industries such as construction, property developer, engineering, information technology, and trading.
Met tight deadlines, especially during the peak period of May- July and December - January.
Led a group of staff in government entity audits, which involved traveling, procedures and timely reports.
Fellow of Chartered Certified Accountants (FCCA) (Member no:0626262).
PAAC College (Professional Advancement and Achievement Center) and FTMS School of Professional Accounting and Finance, Kuala Lumpur.
Systematic Business Training Center/Computer Center, Kuala Lumpur.
Diploma in Business Studies majoring in Financial Accounting.
Certificate in Computer Application Packages (MS Word,MS Excel,UBS Accounting).
Proactive, optimistic, adaptability, willingness to learn and impart knowledge.
A strong command of spoken/written English language and Bahasa Melayu.
Able to work independently, work with details, resilience under pressure and a fast learner.
Advance level in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power Point, UBS accounting.
Intermediate level in Oracle accounting system, Microsoft Business Solution – Great Plains accounting system and Yardi Voyager accounting system.
Good knowledge in Microsoft operating system : Microsoft Office 2013 / Windows 7 / Windows 10.Certificate for Safety & Health Supervisor (Construction).
03/16 ~ 10/17  Tin Yick Hong Realty Co Ltd. (Property investment).
4/03 ~ 3/05  Dragon Lake Development Ltd. (Looked for good career prospect).
12/99-10/00  Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co. Ltd.(Further study aboard).
3/95~10/99  ACE Electronics (H.K.) Co. Ltd(Moved back to Mainland ).
Prepared monthly financial report            Provide administration support.
Fully competent in use of Microsoft Office packages such as Word, Excel, and Powerpoint. Familiar with Access. Accounting software Daceasy, FCGL, Peachtree, MYOB, FLEX, ERP system.Latest Company  : Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKSE: 388).
Language Skills  : Fluent English, Good Mandarin, Native Cantonese.
Expected package  : HK$ 52,000 x 12 months + discretionary bonus.
Strong analytical and technical skills with attention to detail.
2000 and 2001, London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board.
Sep 2015 – Present, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKSE: 388).
To manage cashflow and execute funding plans for various HKEX internally managed fund pools such as Clearing House Fund, Corporate Funds, OTC and Margin Funds.
Ensure liquidity process in accordance to our company’s practices and guidelines.
Participating in portfolio risk and return analyses and other financial or operational analyses.
Assisting in the liaison with banks on investment such as executing interbank transfer, deposit placement and FX deal.  To negotiate with banks for daily rates deposit quotation, and to understand the currency and market trend and forecast.
Monitor trade confirmation and fund settlement through SWIFT and CHATS with Treasury Settlement team.
Assist and contribute in Treasury streamline and enhancement project and initiatives.
Reason for Leaving:   Looking for a stable job and have some more exposure in treasury.
Manulife Financial Corporation is a leading international financial services group providing forward-thinking solutions to help people with their big financial decisions. It operates as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. It provides financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions.
Oversee cash management and to support and monitor day to day operations such as fund transfer, cheques, autopay, electronic payment confirmation, SWIFT settlement, bank charges, staff expenses claims and FX trade.
To reconcile and analysis on variance between bank balance and our e- Treasury system record.
Input and monitor proper record, opening and closing of bank accounts.
Lead and participate in project in compliance with Group policy and regulatory such as Banking Board Resolutions, List of Authorized Signature, FBAR Company compliance filing requirement.
Participate in projects such as New DBS Implementations, BOC Autopay Iniatives, Lawson implementations project in Cambodia.
Perform system improvement UAT projects such as develop and execute test plans, test cases and test results.
System owner for Treasury systems- user rights management, system upgrades such as IE11 implementation.
Maintain and familiar to e-banking system such as Citidirect, HSBC Net and DBS Ideal.
Work cooperatively with all areas of the business units (Operations, Treasury System, Controllers, Legal, Human Resources and Banks).
Reason for Leaving: Most of the work had been outsourced to Malaysia and Philippines and I concern about the stability.
J.P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager for individuals, advisors and institutions. Its investment professionals are located around the world, providing strategies that span the full spectrum of asset classes.
Being a team member in Regional MIS reporting to consolidate weekly cash flow submissions for Asia Pacific’s Mutual Funds, Institutional Funds, Pensions, MPF/ORSO Funds and Unit Trusts.
Consolidate and upload data in internal systems on a monthly basis.
Ensure complete and timely delivery of all management reports in accordance with US GAAP.
The Hong Kong Jockey Club is one of the oldest institutions in Hong Kong. Founded in 1884, The Hong Kong Jockey Club is a horse racing operator and Hong Kong's largest community benefactor, operating as a not-for-profit organisation.
Focus on Racecourse and Clubhouse business and perform financial highlights before month end closing.
Prepare management reports and provide explanation on key variances.
Prepare journal entries for structured product such as Options, Futures and accumulators in AS 400 system.
Gather financial data (Singapore and Hong Kong business) for pre-month end closing and financial control.
Participate in ad hoc projects for system implementation such as UAT testing for structural products.
Working knowledge of standalone financial statements preparation under IFRS.
Familiar with Windows, MS Office Applications (Words, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Lotus Notes).
Systems that are familiar (Business Objects, AS 400, Fire, Hyperion, Oracle, VBA, Essbase, SAP, SharePoint, SUN, Lawson, Bloomberg).Level :  Monash University Foundation Year (MUFY)   certificate.
Mar 2015 – Present ---  Lazenda Development Sdn. Bhd. (Labuan).
Monitor, review, supervise and perform guidance to all staffs.
Improve the standard operating procedures and internal control on financial reporting.
Computerisation of accounting system, including invoicing, stock records, Account Receivables & Payables, Payroll and etc, to optimize efficiencies.
Develop and implement GST system, and provide related training to finance staffs.
Liaise with external auditor, bankers, lawyer and other parties related to business expansion.
Dealing with government authorities for investigation of income tax and GST.
Monitor the cash flow for daily operation and prepare relevant documents for decision-making.
Direct, monitor and review all documents related to trade financing and bank borrowings.
Advise to Directors for improvement in internal control and standard operating procedures.
Aug 2014 – Feb 2015  --- Labuan Shipyard & Engineering Sdn. Bhd.
(subsidiary of Radimax Group Sdn. Bhd. and SapuraKencana Petroleum Berhad).
Monitor, supervise and perform guidance to finance staffs.
Maintain full set of accounts and review posting of accounts according to construction accounting requirements.
Improve the standard operating procedures and internal control on financial reporting.
Assure that the companies standard template regarding invoice sample is in place for every customer.
Make recommendations to improve quality of invoicing and collection procedures.
Review weekly report of invoicing totals/aging totals/cash receipts/invoice adjustment.
Monitor the cash flow for daily operation and prepare analysis for decision-making.
Forecast daily cash requirements and execute daily financing decisions.
Manage all aspects of In-house investment portfolios and short-term investment.
Direct, monitor and review all documents related to trade financing and bank borrowings.
Develop and implement cash management systems to optimize efficiencies.
Conduct benchmark studies of banks and their services which suitable to company.
- Perform audit on the compliance of company policy and departmental’s standard of operating procedures according to ISO.
- Prepare audit report and provide guidance/advice to the head of department for improvement in their standard operating procedures and compliance.
Monitor, supervise and perform guidance to account staffs and HR department.
Maintain full set of accounts and review posting of accounts.
Monitor and enforce the implementation of standard operating procedures and compliance of company policy.
Review and improve the effectiveness of the internal control of revenue and petty cash cycle.
Monitor compliance of credit policy and procedures and ensure prompt customer’s payment.
Review and communicate with IT personnel to enhance the function of computer application, such as booking system, for internal control purposes.
Preparation of monthly management report, financial performance and analysis to Director.
Monitor the cash flow of daily operation and prepare analysis for Director’s decision-making of future business expansion.
Liaise with external auditor, bankers, lawyer and other parties related to business expansion.
Jan 2010 – Dec 2012  --- Baker Tilly AC (Chartered Accountants) (Bangsar, KL).
Team leading, planning, scheduling and conducting audits of SME companies to listed companies and MNC.
Completing or participating in a wide range of audit assignments, covering industries such as services, trading, manufacturing, property development and construction.
Preparing audit reports in compliance with FRS reporting standards.
Meeting clients occasionally for discussion on improved methods of financial reporting.
Assessing to risk of the companies to understand on the weaknesses of the audited companies.
Perform financial analysis, including fluctuation, trend, and variance analysis.
Performing/Assisting in audit assignments covering controls over the firm’s operations infrastructure, risk assessment and enhancing the control environment.
Review and advise clients on the effectiveness and efficiency on internal controls which covering financial, human resources, risk management and internal audit department.
Reviewing on Statement of Internal Control (SIC) and internal audit report for listed companies.
- Preparation of tax computation and other reconciliation required in the disclosures of financial report.
February 2009 – January 2010 --- GEP Associates (Chartered Accountants).
Planning, scheduling and conducting audits of SME companies to listed companies.
Completing or participating in a wide range of audit assignments, covering industries such as services, manufacturing, construction, retail and tradings.
Meeting clients occasionally for discussion on improved methods of financial reporting.
Preparing tax computation and calculate deferred tax for companies.
Performing book-keeping for sole proprietors and SME companies.
April 2003 – August 2003 --- Ernst & Young (Chartered Accountants).
Preparing audit planning and procedures for medium-sized entity and listed company.
Good adaptability to new environment and different culture.
Reading, searching resources and information through Internet, music and outing.Highly motivated and seeking an awarding career with the accounting industry, utilizing my experience with various industries including Shipping, Trading, Investment, Manufacturing, Retail, Construction and Communications. Proven leadership qualities and committed team member. Critical in helping the companies reduce risk and assuring credibility of financials by streamlining audit processes and ensuring effective internal controls.
Singapore Financial Reporting Standards | Audit Methodologies |Audit Engagements Team Leading |Taxation | Planning | Analytical | Risk Management | Microsoft Excel | Microsoft Word | Client Service | Communications Management | Time Management | Issue Management | Team Building | Fulfillment | Achievement.
Pei Chun Public School/Whitley Secondary School – Concert Band.
Awarded Silver in the Singapore Youth Festival Competition as nominated Section Leader amongst 50 other participants. Plan and managed logistics. Responsible for safety and well-being of members. Completed first aid training as part of the required responsibilities.
Finance Manager - Singtel Global Offices at Singapore Telecommunications Limited.
• Assume the regional controller-ship role for entities under care. Entities includes: India, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Bangladesh, UAE, China, USA and UK.
• Review all statutory and financial accounts for the region, and liaise with the local and oversea finance teams to improve accounting and business processes.
• Provides support on queries raised by internal and external auditors.
• Finance business partner to the oversea offices and take the lead in providing finance and accounting guidance solutions.
• Actively support initiatives arising from Singapore Headquarters and oversea offices.
• Work closely with different departments in Singapore to support their needs and requirements associating with the countries in the region.
• Assess budget trends and reasonableness, highlighting budget risk and issues to regional offices as well as the Finance Director in Singapore.
• Perform analytical reviews on monthly management reporting and investigation on variances against the norms and budget/forecast.
• Ensures that the entities in the region are in compliance with the country’s regulatory requirements on telecommunications, as well and general standards.
• Reviews monthly and ad hoc journals raised by local and oversea entities.
• Lead a team for month end closing, statutory compliance and management reporting.
• Main point of contact for overseas counterparts and subsidiaries on all financial, operation and compliance issues.
• Consolidation of subsidiaries’ and oversea counterparts’ financials for internal reporting.
• Maintain, monitor and conduct reporting on the linkage between the reporting units and the head office.
• Ensure timely reporting of Company’s result to head office in Germany.
• Physically involve in supporting subsidiary in China during change in management structure.
• Responsible for yearly budget and forecast for the Company.
• Ensures budgets and forecasts for all subsidiaries and oversea counterparts are reasonable and in line with the head office’s requirements.
• Prepares balance scorecards for all departments, including consolidated scorecards for all the reporting units in the region.
• Work closely with management on improving and streamlining processes.
• Active involvement in daily operations, including liaising with all departments on their requirements.
• Responsible for year-end audit up to up to finalization of financial statements.
• Subsidiaries and counterparts includes: Australia, Malaysia, Thailand, Taiwan, Philippines, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Indonesia, Vietnam, India.
• Purchasing of goods and ensuring stocks level are adequate for daily sales.
• Promoting sales and sustaining good customers’ relationship.
Industries involved: Shipping, Trading, Manufacturing, Investment, and Construction.
• Technically contributes to Assurance engagements of listed/private entities and MNCs.
• Perform planning activities to identify and anticipate audit risk and issues to design an appropriate audit approach.
• Prepares management letters on identified controls deficiencies or recommendations to enhancing the internal controls.
• Review of team members audit working papers and actively provide guidance and solutions.
• Actively establishes internal and external relationships.
• Determines that work is delivered timely and of high quality.
Industries involved: Communications, Retail, Construction and Travel.
• Technically contributes to Assurance engagements of listed/private entities and MNCs.
• Anticipate and identify risks, and escalate issues as appropriate.
• Determines that work is delivered timely and of high quality.
• Actively establishes internal and external relationships.
Singapore Institute of Management / Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology.Ensure accurate compilation, analysis and reporting of accounting data and revenue.
Process workers payroll, expenses claims and take chare of petty cash.
Payment out to existing and new client's , awaiting for approvals.
Calculate depreciation and left over installment payment..
Accounting, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Bank Reconciliation, Cash Handling, COST ACCOUNTING, Service Management.NCS is a member of the Singtel Group and the leading information, communications and technology (ICT) service provider with presence in over 20 countries.
Liaise with Project Team on invoicing/credit notes to Customer, PO to vendor.
Liaising with Inland Revenue Department (IRD) payment of income tax.
Liaising with tax agent and vendor for SVAT (Supressed Value Added Tax) compliance/reimbursement of business tax.
Review monthly financial reports (both Profit & Loss and Balance Sheet) to ensure reasonableness, minimize long outstanding items in the balance sheet (eg Accrued revenue / Accounts Receivables) and identify areas of optimization in the cost structure;.
Analyze the financial performance of subsidiaries (month-on-month variances;  year-on-year variances; quarter-on-quarter variances; budget vs actual);.
Work closely with Shared Services Team, Procurement, Project Office to resolve any issues/disputes;.
Partner with Country Director/Overseas Finance Managers/HQ on annual budget and quarterly forecast submissions, review for reasonableness to ensure there is sufficient stretch to achieve AOP group target;.
Support and review monthly Country Sales Reviews and periodic forecasts;.
Monitor Accounts Receivables collection to ensure overdues are minimized and timely collections are made to achieve optimized cash flow management;.
Review Banker Guarantee Application Form and checklist with AP, Treasury and Legal;.
Excellent presentation, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills.
A high-technology company in the Safran group, is one of the world leading suppliers of identification, detection and e-document solutions.
Close full set of accounts and ensure financial transactions are recorded in accordance with Singapore FRS and holding company’s policies.
Analyze and review payroll related journal entries and reconciliation of monthly movement schedule.
Review AR aging and follow up on long outstanding items and highlight potential collection issues to management.
Review remittances and cheques prepared by Account Assistant.
Assist in management reporting as well as budget and forecasts.
Assist in setting and implementation of company policies and procedures.
Liaise with external parties such as auditors, corporate secretary, tax agents, corporate bank and other authorities on various submission.
Prepare audit schedules and financial statements in accordance with Singapore FRS.
Looking for a change of employment with an organisation where my experiences, ambition and determination will be highly regarded and equally rewarded.
Ability to work independently as well as in teams, with good initiative and strong leadership skill.
Excellent presentation, reporting, analytical and problem solving skills.
Ability to work with people with different culture, background and geographical area.
One of accounting’s Big Four, along with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Ernst & Young, and KPMG.
Managed portfolio of jobs by scheduling the completion of all engagements under charged within the deadlines.
Discussed expectations with manager regarding timing of audit and reviewing fieldwork as well as meeting reporting requirements and deliverables.
Conducted risk and financial ratio analysis for all engagements.
Worked closely with executives and other senior staff members in the planning and efficient execution of engagements.
Supervised staff and take an active role in the fieldwork of engagements or parts of engagements.
Prepared, assisted in the preparation of, or review work programmes, time budgets, reports and other communications relating to engagements or parts of engagements being supervised.
Reviewed the work of allocated staff and take responsibility for the adequacy of working papers, test results and conclusions before the files are submitted for manager’s review.
Obtained, reviewed and amended drafted annual report prepared by client to ensure the financial statements, note disclosure and other disclosures are appropriate and conform to Companies Act, FRS and IFRS.
Identified and liaised with manager and engagement leaders on major audit issues and worked directly with audit manager in resolving audit issues and forming proper conclusion on the accounts.
Recommended changes and improvements on clients’ existing accounting and internal control systems and procedures.
Continually followed up on outstanding matters with client until the signed off of annual report.
Prepared appraisal/feedback regarding the performance of junior staff/vacation trainees on the team.
Strong team player with good communication and interpersonal skills.
LO HOCK LING & CO is an established public accounting firm, member of Polaris International.
Assisted in administrative planning and preparing audit-planning memoranda for audit tasks.
Client contact and client business review for audit purposes.
Tailored audit programs to suit size, nature and complexity of audit tasks.
Communicated with senior staff regarding the audit sections assigned and agreed timelines upfront.
Conducted audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing.
Prepared consolidated financial statements with appropriate notes for a group of undertakings.
Implemented audit procedure to test the efficiency all aspects of accounting controls.
Liaison with audit manager /& partners in respect of audit issues.
Recommended changes and improvements on clients’ existing accounting and internal control systems and procedures.
To gain more exposure in international auditing firm where there is the long term opportunity to grow and advance.
Curtin University of Technology (Perth, Western Australia).
Bachelor of Commerce, Degree in Accounting and Finance, 2003 Jul - 2004 Dec.Top Management Position - in a Major Corporation that will utilize acquired experience and commitment to excellence.
Exceptionally talented, self-motivated, enthusiastic financial management and accounting professional with over ten years of experience in the private sector.
Maintenance of accurate financial records and  ability to prepare clear and accurate reports for informational, auditing and operational use.
Creative, resourceful thinking and superb organizational and detail-oriented skills.
Ability to make quick and excellent decisions and organize thoughts in the face of time constraints and full workload.
Outstanding communication, presentation and interpersonal skills.
Sound knowledge and understanding of latest in computer technologies and knowledgeable in Microsoft Office and computerised accounting packaged (MYOB, UBS, FACT, QuickBooks, SAP (Basic)).
Deep knowledge of International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS), US GAAP, Malaysian Accounting Standard (MASB), Labuan Companies Act 1990 and Company Act 1965.
Ability to achieve strong grasp of operations of various departments within the organization in a short time.
Sound ability to handle multiple tasks, set priorities and meet deadlines.
Outstanding knowledge of governmental accounting practices and procedures, fund accounting and fiscal management.
Member – Malaysian Institute of Accountant (MIA) – March 2005.
Affiliation Member - The Chartered Institute of Public Finance & Accountancy (CIPFA) United Kingdom  - June 2016.
Qualified GST Tax Agent Approved By Minister of Finance(MOF)- March 2015.
_____________________________________________________________________.
SMH Rail  Sdn Bhd - is a  manufacturing  and assembly activities of the electric trains for MRT project .
Lead the finance department including accounts, taxation, budgeting,  treasury, management reporting and special projects.
Ensure compliance with accounting standards, taxation regulations, banking practices, exchange control regulations and other regulatory requirements.
Liaises with Joint Venture partners for business planning and procurements.
Manage the day-to-day accounting operation and monthly management reports.
Preparation of annual budget and monitor the actual performance against budget monthly.
Provide guidance and leadership to junior members of the team.
Keep up to date with Financial Reporting Standards (FRS) and educate team and non-finance stakeholders.
To undertake any task or assignment as may be assigned by Management from time-to-time.
Review commercial and management agreements to ensure compliance and understand risk and rewards.
Understanding of reconciliation process in terms of regular reconciliation with bank balances.
Manage the tax filing and audit requirements of all companies assigned.
Review working capital and cash flow management of all companies assigned.
Ensure compliance to foreign tax codes and withholding taxes.
Develop budgeting forecast and control the project expenses and increase the profit margin to from 18 to 22%.
Work with joint venture partner- Siemens for time to time to solve project issues.
Prepare the monthly reporting with analysis and present to JV partner.
Work together with operation teams to tackle day to day  issues.
Implement the finance and internal control polices for company.
MBf Holdings Berhad - is an investment holding company and a provider of management services to its subsidiaries involved in trading, manufacturing, property, shipping, plantations, financial services and other business.
Develop and maintain timely and accurate financial statements and reports that are appropriate for the users and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS).
Preparation of budget, review budget proposals and review performance against budget and provide recommendation on corrective actions.
Manage and interpret financial performance, make recommendations and develop insights to enhance business performance of group.
Document and maintain complete and accurate supporting information for all financial transactions.
Provide accurate and timely reporting on the financial activity of individual projects.
Develop and maintain financial accounting systems for cash management, accounts payable, accounts receivable, credit control, and petty cash.
Manage the cash flow and prepare cash flow forecasts in accordance with policy. Perform Financial Analysis on Business Improvements, Cost Effectiveness and Profitability Improvement Plan.
Develop and implement policies and procedures as required to ensure that personnel and financial information is secure.
Lead, train, motivate and build a strong team and develop strategies for efficient utilization of resources.
Liaise with the auditors, legal advisors, tax agents and relevant authorities to meet all the statutory and legal requirements.
Assist and advise the Executive Director and the Board of Directors with financial reporting as required at Board meetings and Annual General Meetings to support the decision making process.
Further develop of management reporting functions providing detailed analysis around the internal monthly management accounts.
Successfully implement company finance policies and procedures.
Maintaining and structuring accurate and timely financial information in a changing business environment.
Completion of year end processes within corporate timetable.
Trained and managed the financial team effectively for various accounting activities.
KNM GROUP BERHAD - Listed Company in Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange.
A global leader in the manufacture of process equipment and processing units for the oil and gas, petrochemicals, minerals processing, desalination, renewable energy, chemicals, steam generation, power and environment industries.
Oversee all areas of financial reporting from review of account entry to budget preparation, including accounting, contract administration and administrative support. Provide accounting management team training, coaching and mentoring to staff. Develop.
Supervising and managing GL& reporting/AP/AR/Intercompany matters.
Analyze complex financial data and extract and define relevant information; interpret data for the purpose of determining past financial performance and to project a financial probability.
Oversee the preparation of working papers and approved budgets; ensure that expenditures for budgets and grants and contracts are monitored and that reports are prepared to maintain balanced accounts.
Ensure periodic financial statements are prepared according to acceptable accounting standard and Group financial/accounting policies.
Review and analyse financial report including ratio and perform variance analysis with adequate explanation and investigation.
Liaise with parties including external auditors and bankers on financial information.
Responsible for the monitoring of assets, overseeing performance and presenting recommendations to Management on each assets as needed.
Review, suggest and implement improvement on accounting system, internal controls and policies.
Monitor and scrutinize operating overheads and other costs to ensure they are cost effective and within control.
Responsible for the tax matters including tax planning, submission and liaison with tax authorities.
Ensure cash flow is adequate for daily operations and prepare cash flow forecast/projection as necessarily for management review or bank facility application.
Responsible for preparation of budget, forecast, financial projection including annual plan, adhoc or need basis and answering queries there on.
Timely advice to management on project costing to be utilized effectively.
Assisted the working committee for listing from 2nd board to 1st board in Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange.
Setup the financial guidelines in compliance with the company Policies and Procedures for the subsidiary companies in overseas.
Trained and managed team for various accounting activities.
Provides in-depth research coverage and consulting of these industries: Aerospace & Defence; Automotive & Transportation; Chemicals, Materials and Food; Electronics & Security; Energy & Power Supplies; Environment & Building Technologies; Healthcare; Industrial Automation & Process Control; Information & Communication.
Handle full set of company accounts involving recording of daily transactions and month end closing and report to US office.
Responsible for preparing Monthly, Quarterly and Annual Financial Statements for management and implementing approved accounting practices and methods on a timely manner.
Implement internal control, review compliance of the control and provide corrective measures of improvement.
Liaise with auditors, tax agent, company secretaries and government agencies.
Cleared three years of jumbled accounts and conducted an efficient audit.
Handled payrolls processing for employees and introduced payroll software to speed up payroll work.
Developed Policy and Procedures for the finance team based on the guidelines sent by Frost & Sullivan USA.
Presentation of Quarterly Financial Analysis to the Frost & Sullivan Malaysia Board of Directors.
Corrected errors in account handling and introduce work process by which accounting tasks are more efficiently handled.
Involved in the completion of audit assignments which covered various portfolio of industries, such as public listed company, general trading, service industry, statutory bodies, financial and banking institutions, hotel and tourism, plantation and co-operatives societies.
General audit and statutory audit of companies which accounting records are fully computerized and manually written up.
Assisting in preparation of consolidated financial statements.
Attending and observing physical stock take conducted by client.
Assessing the effectiveness of client’s internal control during interim audit and promoting improvements for weakness identified.
Preparing tax computations for corporations in accordance with the Act.
Leading and coordinating audit team to perform general and statutory audit.
Always able to prepare timely audit reports based on the conclusions formed in the team’s meeting.
Able to identify all nonconformities/non-compliances and findings and finalize the list of opportunities for improvement.
Ability to recommend proper corrective and preventive actions and their effectiveness for the auditee organizations.
Computed company taxes and provided timely advice on the payments to respective companies.
Languages : English/Malay/Tamil (Written and Spoken skills).(passed all examinations and waiting for qualified membership admission).
A subsidiary of UK listed MNC engaging in selling motor vehicles, providing after sale services and hire car service across 29 countries.
(HK Brand: Toyota, Lexus, Hino, Jaguar, Land Rover, Ford, Maxus).
Handle weekly cash flow forecast, perform working capital and capex management.
Participate in month end closing, prepare journal for provision, accrual, impairment, staff cost, corporate rental, share service cost.
Perform account reconciliation, account schedules and account analysis reports.
Bachelor of Business Administration with Honors in Professional Accounting.
Excel (including V-lookup & pivot table), Word, PowerPoint, Chinese word processing.Reason for leaving: Head back to Singapore for personal reasons.
Achieve average of positive score of 4 and above (1 being lowest and 5 being highest) based on Multi-Source Feedback surveys collated from peers and colleagues in November 2014.
Achieve overall rating of 3 (3+) out of 5 based on the Year 2014 Year-end review and well remarks from reporting Partner.
Build revenue for the firm, with individual achievement of S$850,000 for FY2013/ 2014.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Develop or co-develop internal audit plan (up to three years rolling) for multiple portfolios in various industries, both public and private sectors.
Manage projects from budgeting to reporting of internal audit results to the Senior Management, Audit Committee members and/ or Board members on a quarterly basis.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organization.
Lead the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) services, managing projects from Enterprise Risk Assessment to facilitating risk management workshops and uplifting risk maturity level with the application of Lines of Defense (LOD).
Managed financial services clients in South Australia state government on treasury, insurance and fleet management for government agencies including performing internal audit and risk management services.
Led risk and issue management work stream in Program Management Office role to realising benefits of South Australian Health (SA Health) capabilities and cost savings.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Develop or co-develop internal audit plan (up to three years rolling) for multiple portfolios in various industries, both public and private sectors.
Manage projects from budgeting to reporting of internal audit results to the Senior Management, Audit Committee members and/ or Board members on a quarterly basis.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organization.
Lead the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) services, managing projects from Enterprise Risk Assessment to facilitating risk management workshops and uplifting risk maturity level with the application of Lines of Defense (LOD).
Managed financial services clients in South Australia state government on treasury, insurance and fleet management for government agencies including performing internal audit and risk management services.
Led risk and issue management work stream in Program Management Office role to realising benefits of South Australian Health (SA Health) capabilities and cost savings.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Develop or co-develop internal audit plan (up to three years rolling) for multiple portfolios in various industries, both public and private sectors.
Manage projects from budgeting to reporting of internal audit results to the Senior Management, Audit Committee members and/ or Board members on a quarterly basis.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organization.
Lead the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) services, managing projects from Enterprise Risk Assessment to facilitating risk management workshops and uplifting risk maturity level with the application of Lines of Defense (LOD).
Managed financial services clients in South Australia state government on treasury, insurance and fleet management for government agencies including performing internal audit and risk management services.
Led risk and issue management work stream in Program Management Office role to realising benefits of South Australian Health (SA Health) capabilities and cost savings.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Develop or co-develop internal audit plan (up to three years rolling) for multiple portfolios in various industries, both public and private sectors.
Manage projects from budgeting to reporting of internal audit results to the Senior Management, Audit Committee members and/ or Board members on a quarterly basis.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organization.
Lead the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) services, managing projects from Enterprise Risk Assessment to facilitating risk management workshops and uplifting risk maturity level with the application of Lines of Defense (LOD).
Managed financial services clients in South Australia state government on treasury, insurance and fleet management for government agencies including performing internal audit and risk management services.
Led risk and issue management work stream in Program Management Office role to realising benefits of South Australian Health (SA Health) capabilities and cost savings.
Achieved ‘Outstanding’ grade during Year 2012 year-end performance evaluation and good remarks from reporting officer, i.e. Head of Quality and Assurance.
Escalated to confirmed staff less than required duration of six months.
Led the regional revenue and cost mapping exercise to recover S$2 million for both Malaysia and Indonesia Operating Units.
Review supply chain management process for In-flight Catering business unit for Malaysia and Indonesia. Specifically, below are the key milestones:.
Enhancing the accuracy of forecasting to minimize wastage from 15% to 5%.
Maximize online booking sales to reduce in-flight sales to reduce wastages.
Fleet and route management to minimize overheads and enhance efficiencies.
Streamline vendor management to enjoy bulk discounts and improve margins for the AirAsia.
Enforced listing fees for vendors who list advertisements with AirAsia.
Develop the standard operating procedures (SOP) for organization wide and roll out to regional Operating Units.
Committee to review adequacy and effectiveness of key controls on key business processes and functions (e.g. In-flight services, flight operations, Apprentice Asia event).
Establish Risk Management framework for organisation-wide, including:.
Developing risk management framework with risk management principles, governance structure, roles and responsibilities and risk management processes.
Conducting workshops to identify, analyse and evaluate risks.
Consolidating risks results to be presented to the Board and Committees.
Rolling out Risk Management practices to regional Operating Units.
Review supply chain management process for In-flight Catering business unit for Malaysia and Indonesia. Specifically, below are the key milestones:.
Enhancing the accuracy of forecasting to minimize wastage from 15% to 5%.
Maximize online booking sales to reduce in-flight sales to reduce wastages.
Fleet and route management to minimize overheads and enhance efficiencies.
Streamline vendor management to enjoy bulk discounts and improve margins for the AirAsia.
Enforced listing fees for vendors who list advertisements with AirAsia.
Develop the standard operating procedures (SOP) for organization wide and roll out to regional Operating Units.
Committee to review adequacy and effectiveness of key controls on key business processes and functions (e.g. In-flight services, flight operations, Apprentice Asia event).
Establish Risk Management framework for organisation-wide, including:.
Developing risk management framework with risk management principles, governance structure, roles and responsibilities and risk management processes.
Conducting workshops to identify, analyse and evaluate risks.
Consolidating risks results to be presented to the Board and Committees.
Rolling out Risk Management practices to regional Operating Units.
Review supply chain management process for In-flight Catering business unit for Malaysia and Indonesia. Specifically, below are the key milestones:.
Enhancing the accuracy of forecasting to minimize wastage from 15% to 5%.
Maximize online booking sales to reduce in-flight sales to reduce wastages.
Fleet and route management to minimize overheads and enhance efficiencies.
Streamline vendor management to enjoy bulk discounts and improve margins for the AirAsia.
Enforced listing fees for vendors who list advertisements with AirAsia.
Develop the standard operating procedures (SOP) for organization wide and roll out to regional Operating Units.
Committee to review adequacy and effectiveness of key controls on key business processes and functions (e.g. In-flight services, flight operations, Apprentice Asia event).
Establish Risk Management framework for organisation-wide, including:.
Developing risk management framework with risk management principles, governance structure, roles and responsibilities and risk management processes.
Conducting workshops to identify, analyse and evaluate risks.
Consolidating risks results to be presented to the Board and Committees.
Rolling out Risk Management practices to regional Operating Units.
Review supply chain management process for In-flight Catering business unit for Malaysia and Indonesia. Specifically, below are the key milestones:.
Enhancing the accuracy of forecasting to minimize wastage from 15% to 5%.
Maximize online booking sales to reduce in-flight sales to reduce wastages.
Fleet and route management to minimize overheads and enhance efficiencies.
Streamline vendor management to enjoy bulk discounts and improve margins for the AirAsia.
Enforced listing fees for vendors who list advertisements with AirAsia.
Develop the standard operating procedures (SOP) for organization wide and roll out to regional Operating Units.
Committee to review adequacy and effectiveness of key controls on key business processes and functions (e.g. In-flight services, flight operations, Apprentice Asia event).
Establish Risk Management framework for organisation-wide, including:.
Developing risk management framework with risk management principles, governance structure, roles and responsibilities and risk management processes.
Conducting workshops to identify, analyse and evaluate risks.
Consolidating risks results to be presented to the Board and Committees.
Rolling out Risk Management practices to regional Operating Units.
Double promotion to Internal Audit Assistant Manager from Internal Audit Senior Consultant 2.
Achieved ‘Exceed Expectation - EE’ (Not meeting expectation being lowest and Exceed Expectation being highest) grade during performance evaluation in Year 2009.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Performed Sarbanes Oxley attestations and J-SOX projects for multiple clients from various industries.
Managed ERM and Control Self-Assessment (CSA) projects to foster risk awareness and culture in the business environment.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organisation.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Performed Sarbanes Oxley attestations and J-SOX projects for multiple clients from various industries.
Managed ERM and Control Self-Assessment (CSA) projects to foster risk awareness and culture in the business environment.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organisation.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Performed Sarbanes Oxley attestations and J-SOX projects for multiple clients from various industries.
Managed ERM and Control Self-Assessment (CSA) projects to foster risk awareness and culture in the business environment.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organisation.
Managed internal audit projects for various Fortune 500 MNCs across the globe, local private organisations and public sector in both Malaysia and Singapore.
Performed Sarbanes Oxley attestations and J-SOX projects for multiple clients from various industries.
Managed ERM and Control Self-Assessment (CSA) projects to foster risk awareness and culture in the business environment.
Foster good client relationship including providing strategic and value added services in operational matters throughout the service.
Supporting role to clients with the aim of improving controls, risk management and governance compliance within the organisation.
Mazars, formerly known as Moores Rowland, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Involved in financial audit for close to a year, including drafting of financial statements and writing of management letter points.
Performed compliance, financial and operational internal audit projects, with the role of drafting and presenting final internal audit reports.
Involved in financial audit for close to a year, including drafting of financial statements and writing of management letter points.
Performed compliance, financial and operational internal audit projects, with the role of drafting and presenting final internal audit reports.
Involved in financial audit for close to a year, including drafting of financial statements and writing of management letter points.
Performed compliance, financial and operational internal audit projects, with the role of drafting and presenting final internal audit reports.
Involved in financial audit for close to a year, including drafting of financial statements and writing of management letter points.
Performed compliance, financial and operational internal audit projects, with the role of drafting and presenting final internal audit reports.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountant (ACCA)  Period: 01/01/2003 to 30/06/2008.
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), equivalent of GCE “O” Level.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountant (ACCA)  Period: 01/01/2003 to 30/06/2008.
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), equivalent of GCE “O” Level.
The Cement & Concrete Malaysia (Lafarge, Holcim, Tasek, CIMA, YTL).
The Cement & Concrete Malaysia (Lafarge, Holcim, Tasek, CIMA, YTL).
I was recently transferred from Ernst & Young, Singapore office to Adelaide office in May 2015 due to the demand of my skills set and experiences. For some personal circumstances, I am seeking out to be back in Singapore and I am fascinated about the role.
I have over ten years of solid experience providing Internal Audit Review, Standard Operating Procedures, Strategic Management Planning and Execution, Enterprise Risk Management, Sarbanes-Oxley Readiness & Reviews, Testing and Controls, Fraud Investigation and Financial Audit. I worked with clients in manufacturing, construction, education, financial, logistic, agriculture, plantation, REIT, public sector and FMCG including retail services. I have been involved in numerous overseas assignment exposures in Singapore, Middle East, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Brunei and Thailand.
Besides, I have exposure in commercial organisation, AirAsia Berhad, world’s best airlines for consecutive seven years running. During the tenure in AirAsia Berhad, I met many key stakeholders in numerous projects, reporting to the CEO and Group CEO over ASEAN countries, such as Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. Our key deliverables were used in various business units for business strategies, planning and also setting up hubs and stations in other countries.
I was recently transferred from Ernst & Young, Singapore office to Adelaide office in May 2015 due to the demand of my skills set and experiences. For some personal circumstances, I am seeking out to be back in Singapore and I am fascinated about the role.
I have over ten years of solid experience providing Internal Audit Review, Standard Operating Procedures, Strategic Management Planning and Execution, Enterprise Risk Management, Sarbanes-Oxley Readiness & Reviews, Testing and Controls, Fraud Investigation and Financial Audit. I worked with clients in manufacturing, construction, education, financial, logistic, agriculture, plantation, REIT, public sector and FMCG including retail services. I have been involved in numerous overseas assignment exposures in Singapore, Middle East, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Brunei and Thailand.
Besides, I have exposure in commercial organisation, AirAsia Berhad, world’s best airlines for consecutive seven years running. During the tenure in AirAsia Berhad, I met many key stakeholders in numerous projects, reporting to the CEO and Group CEO over ASEAN countries, such as Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. Our key deliverables were used in various business units for business strategies, planning and also setting up hubs and stations in other countries.
I was recently transferred from Ernst & Young, Singapore office to Adelaide office in May 2015 due to the demand of my skills set and experiences. For some personal circumstances, I am seeking out to be back in Singapore and I am fascinated about the role.
I have over ten years of solid experience providing Internal Audit Review, Standard Operating Procedures, Strategic Management Planning and Execution, Enterprise Risk Management, Sarbanes-Oxley Readiness & Reviews, Testing and Controls, Fraud Investigation and Financial Audit. I worked with clients in manufacturing, construction, education, financial, logistic, agriculture, plantation, REIT, public sector and FMCG including retail services. I have been involved in numerous overseas assignment exposures in Singapore, Middle East, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Brunei and Thailand.
Besides, I have exposure in commercial organisation, AirAsia Berhad, world’s best airlines for consecutive seven years running. During the tenure in AirAsia Berhad, I met many key stakeholders in numerous projects, reporting to the CEO and Group CEO over ASEAN countries, such as Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. Our key deliverables were used in various business units for business strategies, planning and also setting up hubs and stations in other countries.
I was recently transferred from Ernst & Young, Singapore office to Adelaide office in May 2015 due to the demand of my skills set and experiences. For some personal circumstances, I am seeking out to be back in Singapore and I am fascinated about the role.
I have over ten years of solid experience providing Internal Audit Review, Standard Operating Procedures, Strategic Management Planning and Execution, Enterprise Risk Management, Sarbanes-Oxley Readiness & Reviews, Testing and Controls, Fraud Investigation and Financial Audit. I worked with clients in manufacturing, construction, education, financial, logistic, agriculture, plantation, REIT, public sector and FMCG including retail services. I have been involved in numerous overseas assignment exposures in Singapore, Middle East, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Brunei and Thailand.
Besides, I have exposure in commercial organisation, AirAsia Berhad, world’s best airlines for consecutive seven years running. During the tenure in AirAsia Berhad, I met many key stakeholders in numerous projects, reporting to the CEO and Group CEO over ASEAN countries, such as Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. Our key deliverables were used in various business units for business strategies, planning and also setting up hubs and stations in other countries.Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, SAP Accounting System.Flat D, 10/F, Lee Wing Building, 158, Hennessy Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong  ●   9151 4653 ●.
Excellent financial planning and analysis skills gained at a leading Investment Bank in Hong Kong.
Highly self-motivated individual with strong analytical skills.
Proven quick learner who can work under pressure with tight deadlines.
University of Southern California - Los Angeles, United States                                         Aug 2009 - Aug 2011.
Senior Analyst,  Finance & Treasury (Performance evaluation with grade A+, top 5% performers).
Prepared presentations for monthly business reviews to senior management and division heads.
Provided financial analysis, commentaries on key variances, and identified key revenue drivers for all business units.
Participated in developing internal KPIs with Managing Director to evaluate front offices performance.
Performed industry research & financial statement analysis on competitors including Goldman Sachs & Morgan Stanley.
Provided ad hoc business analysis for decision making by senior management; Analyzed costs structure with peers.
Oversaw daily and weekly Profit and Loss Statement production for management in a timely manner.
Prepared various UAT tests; Awarded for contributing to the successful launch of a settlement system.
Assisted in yearly budgeting and quarterly forecasting by using SAS; Developed cost allocation rules for budgeting.
Automated data extraction process with VBA and improved efficiency by 10%.
Prepared HKMA banking returns: Foreign Currency Position, Hong Kong Dollars Interbank, and Transactions.
Performed various audit testing and obtained audit evidence to support the accuracy and validity of transactions.
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program – Internal Revenue Service – Los Angeles, United States                Apr 2010 Certified Tax Preparer.
Filed U.S. tax returns using Taxwise for low income people who could not prepare their own returns.
Organized a speaker panel by inviting three CEOs for 60 students who were interested in Finance.
De Anza Associated Student Body, De Anza College , United States                                                Jan 2008-Jan 2009.
Allocated $1M of the funding to the programs which benefited students in De Anza College.
De Anza College Tutorial Center – Cupertino, United States                  May 2008-Jul 2009.
Provided 8 hours tutoring sessions per week to students by explaining concepts of financial and managerial accounting.
Languages: Cantonese (Native), English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent).
Software Skills: Excel (Advanced), PowerPoint (Advanced), VBA, SAS, MicroStrategy, Sophis, Flex, Bloomberg.
Current Compensation: $432,500 per annum         Expected Salary:  $450,000 per annum          Availability: 1 month notice.A finance manager with an extensive experience in accounting, finance, taxation, budgetary and cash flows management to attain the efficiency of accounting and finance operations and compliance with statutory and other regulatory authorities’ requirements.  Participating and involvement with project teams to handle the financial and accounting matters for multi-million USD projects in India and Brunei.  Key strengths include: leading a team of 10+ accounting and finance personnel; in-depth technical knowledge and skill in implementing GST accounting system and its application; capable to coach and train subordinates to develop new skills required; competency in Malaysian taxation and its compliance; ability to analyse and reveal the root cause of ineffectiveness in accounting and internal controls system, to implement the necessary remedies to overcome the issues.
Super FI (M) Sdn Bhd faced some GST technical issues due to GST accounting system not properly configured when implemented.  This resulted in incorrect GST records and reporting.  This issue was highlighted to management and I took the lead to rectify the issue together with the assistance of GST software consultant.  A restructuring was introduced by management with the aims to increase the effectiveness of operations and to achieve cost efficiency.  I was leading the whole accounts department toward the restructuring process and highly involved in planning, control and implementation of restructuring process to ensure it progressed according to the plan.
Swiber Offshore Construction Pte Ltd first set up its office in Brunei, it had to face some challenging issues because the accounts department was not ready to support the operations.  This caused significant inefficiency to the company initially.  It ended up with a number of agents being appointed to carry out basic tasks such as local procurements, requisition of local services and payment to vendors.  I took the lead to set up the whole accounts department, to enable accounts department to perform its exact functions as required.  I took the initiative to liaise with local vendors and to establish relationship with them to enable the company to deal with them directly instead via agents.  I was assigned by the MD to design and implement the required internal controls and to lead SAP system implementation process for Brunei office.
Philip Tong & Company was implementing the “Audit Express”, a computerised audit system in 2005.  I was leading and coaching the audit teams toward the change process by persuading them gradually to adopt the computerised approach to perform their tasks and ensure no slipping back to the old practice.
Philip Tong & Company – 2003 to 2007 (Assistant Audit Manager).
Graduate of Malaysia Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
Methodist Pilley Institute Certificate in Computer Science.
Address: No.24, Jalan 22/36, Lin Seng Garden, 46300 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
Super FI was an instant coffee powder trader and producer equipped with state-of-art manufacturing and R&D facilities.
Accountable for the full spectrum of a company’s finance, accounting, audit, GST and tax function to ensure accuracy and timely reporting to HQ and filing with relevant authorities.
Reviewing of existing internal controls and accounting system/procedures and establishing new policies and guidelines to improve their effectiveness.
Liaising with lawyers, tax agents, auditors, bankers and local regulatory authorities.
Leading, implementing and monitoring of restructuring process.
Achievement: Successfully rectified the failure of GST accounting system and leading the accounting team toward the process of restructuring to meet the directive of the management.
Super FI was an instant coffee powder trader and producer equipped with state-of-art manufacturing and R&D facilities.
Accountable for the full spectrum of a company’s finance, accounting, audit, GST and tax function to ensure accuracy and timely reporting to HQ and filing with relevant authorities.
Reviewing of existing internal controls and accounting system/procedures and establishing new policies and guidelines to improve their effectiveness.
Liaising with lawyers, tax agents, auditors, bankers and local regulatory authorities.
Leading, implementing and monitoring of restructuring process.
Achievement: Successfully rectified the failure of GST accounting system and leading the accounting team toward the process of restructuring to meet the directive of the management.
Swiber Offshore was equipped with integrated expertise and specialisation in engineering, procurement, installation, construction and transportation of offshore oil and gas facilities.
Preparing robust monthly cash flows forecast and managing the funds from India projects.
Coordinating and liaising with Project Management Team (PMT) to work out the monthly billing forecast; monitoring the achievement of monthly targeted billing including follow up of payment.
Updating the payment status and identifying the issues causing delay to chief treasury and PMT.
Monitoring, liaising with account payable team and requesting funds to meet the obligations and commitments such as payment to critical subcontractors/vendors and tax authorities.
Achievement: Creation of comprehensive and robust cash flows forecast template for monitoring and facilitating account payable team to prioritise on critical payments and to update chief treasury regarding the availability of funds to facilitate funds allocation.
Swiber Offshore was equipped with integrated expertise and specialisation in engineering, procurement, installation, construction and transportation of offshore oil and gas facilities.
Preparing robust monthly cash flows forecast and managing the funds from India projects.
Coordinating and liaising with Project Management Team (PMT) to work out the monthly billing forecast; monitoring the achievement of monthly targeted billing including follow up of payment.
Updating the payment status and identifying the issues causing delay to chief treasury and PMT.
Monitoring, liaising with account payable team and requesting funds to meet the obligations and commitments such as payment to critical subcontractors/vendors and tax authorities.
Achievement: Creation of comprehensive and robust cash flows forecast template for monitoring and facilitating account payable team to prioritise on critical payments and to update chief treasury regarding the availability of funds to facilitate funds allocation.
Wong Ching Yong & Company a local firm with specialisation in audit, taxation and liquidation.
In charge for the whole operations and business development of Bintulu branch.
Involvement in audit planning and identification of risk areas and guiding the audit juniors on audit engagement; monitoring the progress of audit assignment and reviewing the working papers.
Couching and resolving technical auditing / accounting issues encountered by juniors.
Preparing and reviewing tax computation for the clients to ensure compliance.
Achievement: To set up the whole branch office including establishment of auditing, taxation, and secretarial procedures, processes and templates required.  Successfully trained the juniors on operating of GST accounting system and to develop the necessary GST knowledge and skill to enable them to overwhelm the challenge of new GST era.
Wong Ching Yong & Company a local firm with specialisation in audit, taxation and liquidation.
In charge for the whole operations and business development of Bintulu branch.
Involvement in audit planning and identification of risk areas and guiding the audit juniors on audit engagement; monitoring the progress of audit assignment and reviewing the working papers.
Couching and resolving technical auditing / accounting issues encountered by juniors.
Preparing and reviewing tax computation for the clients to ensure compliance.
Achievement: To set up the whole branch office including establishment of auditing, taxation, and secretarial procedures, processes and templates required.  Successfully trained the juniors on operating of GST accounting system and to develop the necessary GST knowledge and skill to enable them to overwhelm the challenge of new GST era.
Swiber Offshore was equipped with integrated expertise and specialisation in engineering, procurement, installation, construction and transportation of offshore oil and gas facilities.
Designing and implementation of accounting system and required internal controls to streamline and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of accounting and treasury functions to support the operations.
Performing tax computation and liaising with tax manager in HQ and local tax agent with regard to annual tax filling and other tax related matters.
Liaising with external auditors, bankers and local regulatory authorities.
Monitoring and reporting of monthly contract milestone billings and highlighting the causes of any under achievement of monthly contract milestone billing to PMT and HQ.
Leading and managing a team of accounting personnel toward timely submission of monthly management accounts and supporting schedules to HQ.
Achievement: Successfully set up accounting department, system and procedures to support the value chain and improve the efficiency operations.  Successfully leading the accounting team toward implementation of SAP system and establishment of the required accounting and internal control procedures/processes to streamline the administration; to improve the effectiveness of internal control and accuracy of financial reporting for the company.
Swiber Offshore was equipped with integrated expertise and specialisation in engineering, procurement, installation, construction and transportation of offshore oil and gas facilities.
Designing and implementation of accounting system and required internal controls to streamline and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of accounting and treasury functions to support the operations.
Performing tax computation and liaising with tax manager in HQ and local tax agent with regard to annual tax filling and other tax related matters.
Liaising with external auditors, bankers and local regulatory authorities.
Monitoring and reporting of monthly contract milestone billings and highlighting the causes of any under achievement of monthly contract milestone billing to PMT and HQ.
Leading and managing a team of accounting personnel toward timely submission of monthly management accounts and supporting schedules to HQ.
Achievement: Successfully set up accounting department, system and procedures to support the value chain and improve the efficiency operations.  Successfully leading the accounting team toward implementation of SAP system and establishment of the required accounting and internal control procedures/processes to streamline the administration; to improve the effectiveness of internal control and accuracy of financial reporting for the company.1997 – 2003  The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.
1991 – 1993  Bachelor of Science (Economic) in Management Studies.
Pro Active Investor, Option, Future trading (Oct 2014 - Mar 2015).
Responsible for the financial and management reporting timely to HQ, Denmark including all entities in the APAC : Singapore, Australia, China, Korea, India and Japan.
Key member in the GEO Expansion projects’ team, settling up legal entities; appointment of local external accounting, payroll, tax agents in the region.
Business partnering; work closely with County Managers on internal control; forecasting process, local regulative compliance etc.
Review regularly Company’s performance on monthly and quarterly basis against short and long-term target for Asia Pacific region.
Responsible for Annual budget and Monthly forecasting processes for APAC.
Responsible for validation of the APAC’s numbers for the consolidated Group P&L.
Liaison between the APAC organization and the Controlling; Strategic and Accounting departments at HQ to meet operation objectives.
Manage outsource accounting and tax agents in the region, provide guidelines and follow up on issues.
Liaise with external auditors, tax agents on audit/accounting issues to ensure compliance  with all accounting, tax, legislative and regulative requirements.
Responsible for assisting in maintaining the Group Transfer Pricing documentation.
Provision and improve the monthly FC templates for ease review and analysis.
Set up Branch in Korea; Appointment of external accountant and establish the Accounting Processes for the Branch, meet month end close deadline.
Rectification and implementation accounting process with external accountant for Japan new entity met Year End Close Deadlines.
Responsible for the financial and management reporting timely to HQ, Ireland for 7 entities in SEA region and Greater China (S’pore, Philippines, Msia, Thailand, Hong Kong, Taiwan and China).
Review and provide analysis of results for all division timely.
Manage outsource accounting and tax agents from China, Taiwan ,PHP and other region by providing guidelines and follow up on issues.
Manage relationship between  finance function and operational management in the region.
Ensure effective operation of the internal control environment for the region and in line with the company’s internal  financial procedures and SOX requirements.
Setting up financial processes for new legal entities in line with HQ standards.
Provide guidance to Site heads in the region for local statutory requirements.
Liaise with external auditors, tax agents on audit/accounting issues to ensure compliance  with all accounting, tax, legislative and regulative requirements.
Ensure completion of statutory and tax return filing to the authority across the region on timely basis.
Responsible for Cashflow forecast, monthly and quarterly P&L forecast for all division.
Finalisation of statutory accounts for filing (backlog from previous year).
Closed Philippines staff  payroll annualisation issues and finalized for local income tax filing with PWC-PHP.
Assist HQ migrate Rep offices to Legal entities (Msia, HK and Thailand), implemented payment and internal control processes for each site.
Reason for leaving: Activities shifted to Shared Service; seeking for a business partnering role.
Align policies on financial controls to ensure effective corporate governance in line with directions set by Group financial guidelines.
Work closely with the Business Leaders, HOD on financial, internal control process; advise Business leaders with accurate analysis and workable solutions.
Review regularly Company’s performance on monthly and quarterly basis against short and long-term target for Asia Pacific region.
Manage and organise financial management reporting and analysis for Projects in Asia Pacific in accordance with instructions from the Business and HQ.
Review and monitor Projects performance and AR/ Cash flow for APAC with Sales/ Project Directors hly.
Co-ordinate and liaise with counterparts in  Pacific on PE/ business tax issues.
Transfer processes from HQ-UK to local new set up Rolls-Royce Fuel Cell System.
Responsible for timely month end close; Management Reporting to HQ.
Ensure compliance with all regulative and statutory requirements.
Liaise with external auditors, tax agents on audit/accounting issues to ensure compliance  with all accounting, tax, legislative and regulative requirements.
Assist in providing finance and accounting support to various business units (ATC, Supply Chain, HR and Corporate) during the transition to Finance Shared Services.
Assist HQ and liquidator on the liquidation process during the transition to the role as Business Partner –Marine and Energy.
Assist in GST registration, back claim $250k GST incurred during Pre-registration.
Finalisation of Audit and Tax issues after liquidation of RRFCS.
Revamped AR reports, improved DSO,collection met business target.
Reason for Leaving: Office moved to new location; seeking for new challenges to align with career goals.
Initiate and implement new internet banking system (HSBC net) for the.
company including proper documentation, internal control procedures.
Improve and streamline the procedures for the administration of Marine.
Ensure company in compliance with all regulative and statutory requirements.
Assist management in the formulation of strategic business plans.
April 2006       PHILIPS ELECTRONIC SINGAPORE PTE LTD (Optical Storage).
Oversee the closing and reporting of  - Optical Storage Division.
Managed timely BL consolidation reporting (5 business units in Asia and ) and advice BL leaders with accurate analysis and workable solutions.
Work closely with Manufacturing unit in  for accurate and timely analysis.
Introduced and implemented internal process controls and surpassed Sarbanes Oxley Act (SOX) audit requirements.
Responsible Rolling Forecast (Quarterly) Annual Operation Plan for  and  Business Line Consolidation.
Ensure compliance with all regulative and statutory requirements.
Involved in the Project of Disentanglement, assist in migrating “Optical Storage” division to the new company, work closely with legal, tax and treasury.
Reason for leaving: The business line was sold to a  company, staff was not allowed to transfer within the group.
Responsible for financial, management reports for timely submission to head office () (US GAAP, Swedish GAAP compliance).
Work closely with Treasury managers to comply group policies; Asia Pacific subsidiaries on funding and forex hedging.
Prepare rolling forecasts, annual budgets, cashflow forecast.
Ensure timely confirmation of Foreign Exchange Market, Money Market Contracts, Inter-companies Contracts.
Redesign and establish requirements in MIS for compliance of FTC status and tax requirements.
Responsible for Monetary Authority Singapore reporting, Payroll and personnel administration.
Ensure company meets and complies with all statutory, legislative and regulative requirement.
Finalised and co-ordinated with tax agents for three years outstanding tax matters for YA 1998, 1999, 2000 for submission to Comptroller.
Lead and supervise a team of staff for daily operation and month-end closing.
Responsible for management and financial reports for timely submission to  headquarter, ITW (USA) monthly (US GAAP compliance).
Prepare consolidated accounts, result analysis - region-business units for Regional Financial Controller.
Review and analysis of 80/20, Inventory Valuation/ Grading Reports.
Redesigned corporate infrastructure to streamline/consolidate accounting, finance, and MIS functions.
Liaise with external auditors, tax agent and statutory boards.
Managed to resolve the suspense accounts of S$500,000 resulted from wrong administration in Inventory Costing and system failure in first five months service with the company.
Led a team to migrate from ten years’ old system (Nixdoft Comet) to a new system (Express) within four months’ time.
Redesigned and streamline of the Inventory Costing after merging of two companies.
Computerised manual payroll system to “EasyPay” software system.MS Word, Excel (including vlookup, pivot table, etc.), Powerpoint, MYOB, SUN accounting system, Oracle.
Assist in monthly expense variance analysis and KPIs review.
Conduct the annual expense allocation study to ensure the expense variance is align with company goal.
Assist daily payment and control to ensure the process align with Internal policy and audit requirement.
A new payment system implementation to process Purchase Request, Budget Control, Payment Process.
Complete the annual expense study enhancement to facilitate the control of expense.
HKCEE: Mathematics (C), Additional Mathematices (D), Chinese Language (E), English Language (E).
HKCEE: Mathematics (C), Additional Mathematices (D), Chinese Language (E), English Language (E).A proven, passionate Finance professional, backed by training at KPMG, Malaysia and advanced with leading industry experience at one of the only local railway construction companies in Singapore, GATES PCM Construction Ltd., I am commercially strong in providing financial decision support, skilled in financial analysis, management reporting and monthly close end processes, with an excellent ability to collaborate with, engage and build relationships with stakeholders at all levels. As such, I am looking for a position that could enhance my skills while at the same time, add value to the company by taking up challenging assignments while contributing towards growth, continuous improvement and excellence.
I studied at the University of Gloucestershire, United Kingdom (2012) and Oxford Brookes University, United Kingdom (2008) to obtain the following certificates:.
Postgraduate Diploma in Accounting and Financial Management (University of Gloucestershire, United Kingdom).
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) , (Oxford Brookes University, United Kingdom).
Certified Accounting Technician () (Oxford Brookes University, United Kingdom).
With my experience and knowledge, I do have the following skills:.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Outlook.
Proficient in SAP Accounting System, System, MYOB, Tally, Fact Accounting System, Focus Accounting System, QnE Accounting Software, TaskHub ERP systems & QuickBooks Software.
Compliments from KPMG, Malaysia, in recognition of the exemplary work done during my tenure with them.
Compliments from a client, namely Singapore Meritus Hotels & Resorts in recognition of the quick response and remedial actions to resolve an outstanding accounting issue.
Awarded the best student for Science at the Senior Methodist Girls School, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Prime duty is to prepare and maintain the financial reports, yearly budget forecast, cost reports, projected cash flows for various projects and financial forecasts ranging from 1 year, 3 year and 5 year forecasts.
Overseeing, reviewing and managing the work of the staff in the accounts department and working as a mentor of the Account Managers for analysing the accounting and financial reports.
Ensuring the accuracy of the financial records and the proper documentation by ensuring that the books of the accounts are compiled every end of the month and at the end of the financial year.
Maintain the collaboration with the accounts department in determining the level of profitability of the company.
Ensuring the fiscal responsibility within the firm’s operations and that the decision makers in the firm understand the financial implications of the missions.
Providing analysis of company’s financial performance, monitor and preparing budgets.
Handling external and internal audits together with all tax related matters.
Establishing, reviewing and enhancing the internal control processes that govern the finance department.
Establishing financial control policies, credit control policies, delegation of authority and fixed asset policies and their related dissemination to the respective personnel.
Preparing financial forecasts and budget forecast on a yearly basis.
Reduced the number of outstanding supplier invoices by 80% (Average of 1,000 supplier invoices on a monthly basis) within 3 months of being part of Zalora Malaysia. The backlog was due to inability of the finance department to verify the invoices. I achieved this by implementing process controls to ease transactions such as the ‘3 way match’, within the Finance division.
Managed all invoice processes within the supply chain management, received invoice from suppliers, and matched these to the purchase orders made, subsequently confirmed that all items were received and correctly invoiced.
Determined the appropriate source of funds, where the budget was obtained and confirmed that there were sufficient funds that could be allocated for every purchase.
Managed and trained a team of 6 Accounts Executives ensuring each of their responsibilities were properly carried out based on their segregation of duties.
Performed and assisted in audit for Key audit clients such as Saujana Group of Companies, Time Dot Com Bhd.
Primary work involved quarterly reviews, interim, yearend audits, controls work, statutory accounts and assisted in consolidated accounts.
Possessed strong team working skills; overall responsibility for onsite relationship management with clients alongside co-ordination and completion of audit assignments within tight reporting deadlines.
Reported directly to partners and directors with minimal manager supervision on some assignments.
Various audit recommendations included within Internal Control Reports submitted to management.
Attended various training courses including IFRS, Business Writing, People Development Skills and Risk Management.
Reviewed Profit and Loss, Balance Sheet & Cash Flow statements, Monthly Management Information Systems (MIS) Reports for Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable such as Ageing reports and Bank.
Preparing Project and Budget Costing for each construction project to monitor timely delivery of the project against forecast financials.
Preparing cash flow projections and managing the cash flow.
Training new Account Executives, ensuring their roles and responsibilities are properly carried out.
Peanuts Magical Clown Entertainment (M), Sdn Bhd Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Preparing monthly Profit and Loss, Balance Sheet & Cash Flow statements.
Handling the whole filling system and implemented controls for smooth flowing of cash flows.
Accumulating information on each project to achieve quality event productions.
Liaising with clients on event related matters and solving issues as and when it arises.
Languages Spoken  : English (Fluent),Bahasa Malaysia(Fluent) and.
While I work hard, I also value the importance of work life balance and enjoy doing the following during my free time:.Good leadership and also a team player with positive attitudes.
Excellent team worker with people and business management, analytical and organizational skills.
Good leadership and also a team player with positive attitudes.
Excellent team worker with people and business management, analytical and organizational skills.
Good leadership and also a team player with positive attitudes.
Excellent team worker with people and business management, analytical and organizational skills.
Oversee/ensure the timely and accurate submission of financial/management reporting from APAC regional offices.
Overseeing day to day accounting function which includes month end closing, analysis, budgeting and reporting duties.
Review the closing of monthly accounts prepared by junior staff.
Ensure timely and accuracy of General Ledger and financial reports of the accounts, audit and tax functions, and reviewing P/L accounts and balance sheet schedules done by junior staff.
Review/Oversee of Quarterly GST schedules and submission to IRAS done by junior staff.
Responsible for monthly and annual financial and management reporting.
Assist in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including profit and loss accounts and balance sheet for the company.
Manage cash flow forecast and management, forex risk management & fixed assets management.
Monthly approving AP invoices and uploading AR invoices into Netting Centre.
Weekly checking and approval staff expenses reports done by junior staff in Concur system.
Liaise with Tax Agents and external auditors to ensure compliance with management policies and statutory requirements.
Assist in APAC regional consolidation for yearend Audit and Financial statement for the company.
Liaising with company secretary for any company related matters.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Coordinate with US HQ office for financial and management reporting.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiatives.
Controller for month close, quarter close and year end closing.
Involved in the quarterly and annual statutory financial reporting.
Ensure timely and accurate month end, quarterly end and year end closing of accounts.
Ensure timely and accurate financial and management reporting.
Report to Finance Controller and Vice President and assist in overseeing the financial accounting function.
Review of Fixed Assets and Intangible Schedules done by junior staffs under FRS standards.
Review of Overheads control - Budget to actual variance reports.
Review the general provisions for Audit, Taxation and Directors’ Fees.
Liaise with internal & external auditors and tax agents on related matters.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Review and preparation of Annual report in accordance Financial Reporting Standards(FRS).
Assist in the preparation of Group Consolidation – Company and Group level.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Ensure timely submission of monthly, quarterly and yearly reports from respective accounts teams.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiative.
Oversee/ensure the timely and accurate submission of financial/management reporting from APAC regional offices.
Overseeing day to day accounting function which includes month end closing, analysis, budgeting and reporting duties.
Review the closing of monthly accounts prepared by junior staff.
Ensure timely and accuracy of General Ledger and financial reports of the accounts, audit and tax functions, and reviewing P/L accounts and balance sheet schedules done by junior staff.
Review/Oversee of Quarterly GST schedules and submission to IRAS done by junior staff.
Responsible for monthly and annual financial and management reporting.
Assist in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including profit and loss accounts and balance sheet for the company.
Manage cash flow forecast and management, forex risk management & fixed assets management.
Monthly approving AP invoices and uploading AR invoices into Netting Centre.
Weekly checking and approval staff expenses reports done by junior staff in Concur system.
Liaise with Tax Agents and external auditors to ensure compliance with management policies and statutory requirements.
Assist in APAC regional consolidation for yearend Audit and Financial statement for the company.
Liaising with company secretary for any company related matters.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Coordinate with US HQ office for financial and management reporting.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiatives.
Controller for month close, quarter close and year end closing.
Involved in the quarterly and annual statutory financial reporting.
Ensure timely and accurate month end, quarterly end and year end closing of accounts.
Ensure timely and accurate financial and management reporting.
Report to Finance Controller and Vice President and assist in overseeing the financial accounting function.
Review of Fixed Assets and Intangible Schedules done by junior staffs under FRS standards.
Review of Overheads control - Budget to actual variance reports.
Review the general provisions for Audit, Taxation and Directors’ Fees.
Liaise with internal & external auditors and tax agents on related matters.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Review and preparation of Annual report in accordance Financial Reporting Standards(FRS).
Assist in the preparation of Group Consolidation – Company and Group level.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Ensure timely submission of monthly, quarterly and yearly reports from respective accounts teams.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiative.
Oversee/ensure the timely and accurate submission of financial/management reporting from APAC regional offices.
Overseeing day to day accounting function which includes month end closing, analysis, budgeting and reporting duties.
Review the closing of monthly accounts prepared by junior staff.
Ensure timely and accuracy of General Ledger and financial reports of the accounts, audit and tax functions, and reviewing P/L accounts and balance sheet schedules done by junior staff.
Review/Oversee of Quarterly GST schedules and submission to IRAS done by junior staff.
Responsible for monthly and annual financial and management reporting.
Assist in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including profit and loss accounts and balance sheet for the company.
Manage cash flow forecast and management, forex risk management & fixed assets management.
Monthly approving AP invoices and uploading AR invoices into Netting Centre.
Weekly checking and approval staff expenses reports done by junior staff in Concur system.
Liaise with Tax Agents and external auditors to ensure compliance with management policies and statutory requirements.
Assist in APAC regional consolidation for yearend Audit and Financial statement for the company.
Liaising with company secretary for any company related matters.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Coordinate with US HQ office for financial and management reporting.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiatives.
Controller for month close, quarter close and year end closing.
Involved in the quarterly and annual statutory financial reporting.
Ensure timely and accurate month end, quarterly end and year end closing of accounts.
Ensure timely and accurate financial and management reporting.
Report to Finance Controller and Vice President and assist in overseeing the financial accounting function.
Review of Fixed Assets and Intangible Schedules done by junior staffs under FRS standards.
Review of Overheads control - Budget to actual variance reports.
Review the general provisions for Audit, Taxation and Directors’ Fees.
Liaise with internal & external auditors and tax agents on related matters.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Review and preparation of Annual report in accordance Financial Reporting Standards(FRS).
Assist in the preparation of Group Consolidation – Company and Group level.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Ensure timely submission of monthly, quarterly and yearly reports from respective accounts teams.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiative.
Oversee/ensure the timely and accurate submission of financial/management reporting from APAC regional offices.
Overseeing day to day accounting function which includes month end closing, analysis, budgeting and reporting duties.
Review the closing of monthly accounts prepared by junior staff.
Ensure timely and accuracy of General Ledger and financial reports of the accounts, audit and tax functions, and reviewing P/L accounts and balance sheet schedules done by junior staff.
Review/Oversee of Quarterly GST schedules and submission to IRAS done by junior staff.
Responsible for monthly and annual financial and management reporting.
Assist in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including profit and loss accounts and balance sheet for the company.
Manage cash flow forecast and management, forex risk management & fixed assets management.
Monthly approving AP invoices and uploading AR invoices into Netting Centre.
Weekly checking and approval staff expenses reports done by junior staff in Concur system.
Liaise with Tax Agents and external auditors to ensure compliance with management policies and statutory requirements.
Assist in APAC regional consolidation for yearend Audit and Financial statement for the company.
Liaising with company secretary for any company related matters.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Coordinate with US HQ office for financial and management reporting.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiatives.
Controller for month close, quarter close and year end closing.
Involved in the quarterly and annual statutory financial reporting.
Ensure timely and accurate month end, quarterly end and year end closing of accounts.
Ensure timely and accurate financial and management reporting.
Report to Finance Controller and Vice President and assist in overseeing the financial accounting function.
Review of Fixed Assets and Intangible Schedules done by junior staffs under FRS standards.
Review of Overheads control - Budget to actual variance reports.
Review the general provisions for Audit, Taxation and Directors’ Fees.
Liaise with internal & external auditors and tax agents on related matters.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Review and preparation of Annual report in accordance Financial Reporting Standards(FRS).
Assist in the preparation of Group Consolidation – Company and Group level.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Ensure timely submission of monthly, quarterly and yearly reports from respective accounts teams.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiative.
Oversee/ensure the timely and accurate submission of financial/management reporting from APAC regional offices.
Overseeing day to day accounting function which includes month end closing, analysis, budgeting and reporting duties.
Review the closing of monthly accounts prepared by junior staff.
Ensure timely and accuracy of General Ledger and financial reports of the accounts, audit and tax functions, and reviewing P/L accounts and balance sheet schedules done by junior staff.
Review/Oversee of Quarterly GST schedules and submission to IRAS done by junior staff.
Responsible for monthly and annual financial and management reporting.
Assist in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including profit and loss accounts and balance sheet for the company.
Manage cash flow forecast and management, forex risk management & fixed assets management.
Monthly approving AP invoices and uploading AR invoices into Netting Centre.
Weekly checking and approval staff expenses reports done by junior staff in Concur system.
Liaise with Tax Agents and external auditors to ensure compliance with management policies and statutory requirements.
Assist in APAC regional consolidation for yearend Audit and Financial statement for the company.
Liaising with company secretary for any company related matters.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Coordinate with US HQ office for financial and management reporting.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiatives.
Controller for month close, quarter close and year end closing.
Involved in the quarterly and annual statutory financial reporting.
Ensure timely and accurate month end, quarterly end and year end closing of accounts.
Ensure timely and accurate financial and management reporting.
Report to Finance Controller and Vice President and assist in overseeing the financial accounting function.
Review of Fixed Assets and Intangible Schedules done by junior staffs under FRS standards.
Review of Overheads control - Budget to actual variance reports.
Review the general provisions for Audit, Taxation and Directors’ Fees.
Liaise with internal & external auditors and tax agents on related matters.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Review and preparation of Annual report in accordance Financial Reporting Standards(FRS).
Assist in the preparation of Group Consolidation – Company and Group level.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Ensure timely submission of monthly, quarterly and yearly reports from respective accounts teams.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiative.
Oversee/ensure the timely and accurate submission of financial/management reporting from APAC regional offices.
Overseeing day to day accounting function which includes month end closing, analysis, budgeting and reporting duties.
Review the closing of monthly accounts prepared by junior staff.
Ensure timely and accuracy of General Ledger and financial reports of the accounts, audit and tax functions, and reviewing P/L accounts and balance sheet schedules done by junior staff.
Review/Oversee of Quarterly GST schedules and submission to IRAS done by junior staff.
Responsible for monthly and annual financial and management reporting.
Assist in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including profit and loss accounts and balance sheet for the company.
Manage cash flow forecast and management, forex risk management & fixed assets management.
Monthly approving AP invoices and uploading AR invoices into Netting Centre.
Weekly checking and approval staff expenses reports done by junior staff in Concur system.
Liaise with Tax Agents and external auditors to ensure compliance with management policies and statutory requirements.
Assist in APAC regional consolidation for yearend Audit and Financial statement for the company.
Liaising with company secretary for any company related matters.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Coordinate with US HQ office for financial and management reporting.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiatives.
Controller for month close, quarter close and year end closing.
Involved in the quarterly and annual statutory financial reporting.
Ensure timely and accurate month end, quarterly end and year end closing of accounts.
Ensure timely and accurate financial and management reporting.
Report to Finance Controller and Vice President and assist in overseeing the financial accounting function.
Review of Fixed Assets and Intangible Schedules done by junior staffs under FRS standards.
Review of Overheads control - Budget to actual variance reports.
Review the general provisions for Audit, Taxation and Directors’ Fees.
Liaise with internal & external auditors and tax agents on related matters.
Ensure compliance with corporate policies, procedures and accounting standards.
Review and preparation of Annual report in accordance Financial Reporting Standards(FRS).
Assist in the preparation of Group Consolidation – Company and Group level.
Review and implement accounting and financial procedures and policies to ensure compliance with accounting standards and financial policies.
Ensure timely submission of monthly, quarterly and yearly reports from respective accounts teams.
Maintain and improve current process control, develop new processes and participate in projects and initiative.
Maintaining full set of accounts with General ledger, Accounts payable and receivable responsibility.
General duties which includes banking and mailing of cheques and cash.
Responsible for GL, AP, month-end closing, preparation of monthly management reports.
Prepare and check consolidation reports for reporting to head office.
Checking of intercompany confirmations and bank reconciliations.
Arrange for depositing and withdrawal of fixed deposits and sale of US dollars.
Maintaining full set of accounts with General ledger, Accounts payable and receivable responsibility.
General duties which includes banking and mailing of cheques and cash.
Responsible for GL, AP, month-end closing, preparation of monthly management reports.
Prepare and check consolidation reports for reporting to head office.
Checking of intercompany confirmations and bank reconciliations.
Arrange for depositing and withdrawal of fixed deposits and sale of US dollars.
In Charge of Accounts Payable & Accounts Receivables (Billing).
In charging the documentation and review of the termination of agreements.
In Charge of Accounts Payable & Accounts Receivables (Billing).
In charging the documentation and review of the termination of agreements.
Knowledge of ACCPAC,MYOB, Oracle JD Edwards, Intuit Quickbooks, Reckon Accounts, Oracle Financials.
SAP Business objects Planning and Consolidation (BPC) software.
Knowledge of ACCPAC,MYOB, Oracle JD Edwards, Intuit Quickbooks, Reckon Accounts, Oracle Financials.
SAP Business objects Planning and Consolidation (BPC) software.
Knowledge of ACCPAC,MYOB, Oracle JD Edwards, Intuit Quickbooks, Reckon Accounts, Oracle Financials.
SAP Business objects Planning and Consolidation (BPC) software.
, Listening to Music, Cycling, Jogging, Watching Movies and Travelling.
, Listening to Music, Cycling, Jogging, Watching Movies and Travelling.
, Listening to Music, Cycling, Jogging, Watching Movies and Travelling.Position: Finance Manager/Assistant Financial Controller (SiVA folder: Unprocessed); Date Applied: 26 Oct 2017.
• Leading for financial closing activities for monthly & yearly.
• Managing on day to day finance & administration operational aspects.
• Responsible for the oversight and delivery of annual budgets.
• Expenditure tracking, operating budgets and long range financial plans.
• Member of senior management team and significant contributor to delivery of company financial strategy.
• Cash Management planning that involve Bank Facilities – BA/BG/ RC.
• Business partner with various departments of the business to achieve the target set.
• Dealing with principal of the brand related to Finance matters.
• Preparing working paper related finance matter exp. Expansion plan, Cost Benefit analysis.
• Member of Cost Management Committee that analysis the operational cost & how to reduce.
• Liaise and coordinate with banker, auditor, tax & other relevant parties.
a) Leading the finance operation & provide to senior management with timely information, for purpose of determining and evaluating strategic and tactical financial direction and company.
b) Preparing monthly financial report & various types report on ad-hoc basis.
c) Prepare, consolidate & monitor the annual budget for the group of company.
d) Review, investigate and highlight issue to Management for any corrective & prevention measure.
a) Monitor accurate preparation and timely submission of monthly journals for all branches.
b) Ensure the branch maintaining of proper and up to date all accounting records.
c) Check, review & approve petty cash claim for all branches.
d) Monitor Inter-branch & inter-company transaction in the company.
e) Liaise with bankers, auditors, and third party to resolve any related issues.
a) Involve in credit management, review all current & new customer capability based on supporting document set in company procedure.
b) Perform the customer analysis for new customer/new area to ensure each business have profitability.
a) Involve in yearly budgeting process & budget review for quarterly basis.
a) Understanding company business & know how the operation running on daily basis.
b) Advice the branch manager on their Branch performance & the best practice should be done in their branch.
c) Ensure all branch accountant are controlling & aware their branch performance.
a) Involve in cash flow planning to ensure the operation running smoothly.
b) Ensure payments to creditors are within the credit period.
c) Ensure collection team achieve monthly target set by Credit management.
d)   Assisting in securing the financing for working capital purpose.
a) Check & monitor inventory by comparing Actual Balance, Operation system & Trial balance, to perform stock adjustment.
a) Involve in all business requirement study with the consultant.
b) Responsible in user acceptance test & user lead for new ERP system.
c) Attending the project update status to ensure all related issue can be ratified.
Finance Improvement Programme (Transformation Programme ).
a) Involve in development of new standard operating procedure for with consultant such as Order to Cash, Procure to Pay & Record to Report.
b) Setting the KPI’s for finance team & staff to ensure the department is running effective & efficiently.
c) Centralization of finance team & process flow for finance department.
a) Involve in GST implementation related to system & policies adoption.
b) Closely working with IT department to ensure Financial module are GST compliance.
c) Collaboration with Human resource & Admin department in implementation of new policies that affected by GST matter.
a)maintenance of General ledger, revenue recognition and cost charge out, provision for Cost of Sales, tax provision, adjustment journals, verify journal entries etc.
c)Communicate & liaison with Bank regarding the Bank Facilities - i.e BG/BA/TR/LC.
c)Performing monthly reconciliation of account by comparing our record & client record.
a)To verify supplier payments (to check correctness and all supported with relevant documents).
b)Monitoring the subcontractor claim by comparing the work order & actual job performed, any distipute must be discussed.
e)To monitor and verify petty cash and cash advance related claims.
a)Request quotation from the relevant supplier based on the specification on the material requested by the project department.
b)Discuss with the Project department before confirm order.
c)Checked & verified the purchase order compare to the invoice & delivery order.
a)Check payroll schedule that prepare by Human Resource by monthly basis.
b)Ensure the statutory deduction such as EPF & SOCSO are deducted based on schedule.
b)Performing internal stock take by end on every project, to get the accurate stock balance.
a)Dealing with the Inland Revenue Board regarding with the tax matters.
b)Performing tax computation for yearly assessment- including Capital allowance schedule.
a)Preparing project costing & variance based on each project to monitor project performance.
b)Involving in tendering process when dealing with the Government tender.
- Comparison between standard costing with actual to identify the inefficiency & improvement opportunity.
- Monitor closely for the account payable & receivable to ensure the cash management is well maintained.
- Ensure the proper stock reconciliation for raw material & finished goods as the stock will give major impact on the monthly management report.
-Preparing tax computation, tax returns, supporting schedule, notes to tax computations and working paper.
-Gathering and compiling the necessary information to attend to queries and clarification sought from/by the Inland Revenue Board (IRB).
-Assisted in tax planning exercises to minimize tax exposure to client.
-Assignments cover array industries including trading, manufacturing and construction.
-Handling audit assignments including preparation of audit working paper and supporting schedule, proper conduct of the statutory audit of the accounts, carrying out audit verification works and finalization audit report and financial statement.
-Participate in year end stock take and preparations of stock take reports.
Bachelor's Degree in Finance/Accountancy/Banking | Malaysia.
Financial Reporting And Accounting, MYOB Accounting System, UBS Accounting System.
Budget And Analysis, Financial Modelling, Management, People Management, SAP FICO.
C-06-04, Pangsapuri Tainia, PJU 11/2 Kota Damanasara, Petaling Jaya, 47810,Selangor, Malaysia._________________________________________________________________________________.
Certified Practising Accountants (CPA) Australia associate member since 2015, with 3 outstanding subjects to qualify for full membership.
Completed Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Level One in 2014.
1994-1995       The University of New South Wales     Master of Finance        Sydney, Australia.
1991           The University of Melbourne     Postgraduate Diploma in Finance               Melbourne, Australia.
1987-1990       The University of Melbourne      Bachelor of Commerce and Economics    Melbourne, Australia.
Ward Ferry Management Limited  -  Assistant Finance and Administrative Manager    Hong Kong.
Ward Ferry is a Hong Kong based investment company founded in 2000. The company manages 2 long only funds and previously managed 2 hedge funds which closed in Dec 2016.
Responsible for daily finance activities, all accounting functions including managing and reconciling general ledger accounts and performing bank reconciliation. Prepare monthly consolidated financial statements (balance sheets and income statements) and management accounts.
Conduct detailed analysis on reports generated from the database for management to make decisions.
Prepare financial statements for audit purpose and liaise with auditor to prepare audited financial statements.
Assist to prepare Financial Resources Rule (FRR) for submission to Securities and Futures Commission (SFC).
Supervise daily IT administrative duties working with the outsourced IT consultant.
Monitor attendance of the required Continuous Professional Training (CPT) hours by the licensed representatives maintain annual CPT record for Compliance department.
Manage new joins and departing staff to grant network access rights and with required compliance forms.
Assist to arrange internal trainings for compliance purposes and other needs.
Assist to draft and implement administrative policies and procedures.
Data management by archiving of old corporate document and electronic data on a regular basis.
Assist operations team to perform trade settlements and various daily routines using Linedata Beauchamp system on a need basis.
British Dry Cleaners Company Limited  -  Accounting Officer        Hong Kong.
The business consists of 11 shops, 6 franchises, 30 outlets, 6 mobile shops (vans), corporate accounts including MTR and Swire Properties and a 100 plus employee dry cleaning plant.
Prepared annual financial statements for the company and its two subsidiaries with for audit purpose for the period from 2008 to 2012.
Prepared monthly reports for management and company tax returns for audit purpose.
Performed accounts payable and receivable functions and coordinated monthly payroll functions.
Liaised with landlord and prepared rental agreements regarding rental transactions at various retail outlets.
Liaised with bankers, insurers and solicitors regarding financial transactions.
Citibank N.A.  -  Treasury Service Officer - Manager      Hong Kong.
Prepared and recorded daily foreign exchange (FX) verbal commentary and Callfax for the whole Global Consumer Banking (GCB) with 18 branches in Hong Kong and Macau.
Managed overall FX position of the bank.  Currencies monitored were DEM, JPY, GBP, CHP, AUD, NZD, CAD, USD, HKD among others.
Grew the number of FX margin trading customers (HK, Australia, Taiwan and China) from zero to a customer base of 18 and achieved revenue of USD 137,000 by December 1996, contributed to 14% of departmental revenue.
Monitored and assisted North Point Branch to achieve yearly FX revenue of USD 800,000 which is 100% above the preset FX revenue goal.  The revenue was achieved by holding weekly sessions to deliver timely and accurate information on financial markets for the branch.
Supported the Citiphone Banking (50 people) in the process of selling FX products and providing accurate and timely information on financial markets to customers.
Part-time with Prudential-Bache Securities (Australia) Ltd. as Assistant Futures Dealer in International Product Group.
Worked for Commerzbank A.G. as Assistant Dealer in Treasury to manage the bank’s daily money market positions and The Nikko Securities Co., (Asia) Ltd. as Assistant Manager in Fixed Income Securities Department to manage and consult Asian Corporate clients on Japanese Bond and US Treasury Market before took up Master Degree in Australia from 1994 to 1995.
- Took up Chinese painting in 1999 and held an Art exhibition with Madam Chen, my teacher, in Guilin in 2009.
- Fluent in English, Cantonese, Putonghua and Taiwanese/Hokkien.
- Proficient with Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Powerpoint, Microsoft Publisher, Outlook, Quickbooks & MYOB Accounting systems and Linedata Beauchamp.I have passed ACCA Level 2 and obtained an advance diploma in Accounting and Business from ACCA and diploma in Digital Entertainment electronics from Republic Polytechnic.
I have had experience of preparing financial statements, GST Report, project costing account report, producing annual accounts and dealing with clients, suppliers, auditors and bankers. With experience of practical accounting works, I’m more confident that I will perform well in my future job.
I will treat my greatest enthusiasm into the work, and sincere, serious and responsible:.
•     I’m a quick learner. I completed ACCA Level 2 courses within one and half years.
•     I have a strong aptitude to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines, which is evident form the fact that I’m able to deal with both daily works and adhoc duties.
•     I’m a good team player. I had plenty of experience to work with different groups and to play a role in team leader as well as in team helper. During my studies in Republic Polytechnic, every work has to be done in the form of teams and we were graded by our commitment, contribution and competence in our team work.
•     I’m a good problem solver. I enjoy the challenge of identifying a problem, analyzing it and solving it. According to my past working experience, every time I encounter problems, I feel sense of achievement by depending on myself and finding the solution.
I would appreciate the opportunity to speak with you and demonstrate more fully about myself. Please feel free to contact me at 96113264 or e-mail me.
Thank you sincerely for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
- In charge of communication with overseas supplier and purchase  details.
-Prepare project costing and project claim progress report to director.
-Prepare Account receivables, Account payables, General ledgers and bank reconciliation.
-Prepare full set of accounts and accounting reports under Singapore FRS and liase with external auditor.
-Preparation of GST filling (quarterly) and tax computation.
• Preparation of GST filling (quarterly) and tax computation.
• Performing general manager assistant roles, e.g. attend meetings, prepare minutes of meeting.
IT Skills, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, MYOB Accounting Software.Assist in monthly closing reports, including bank reconciliations.
Prepares and file payment vouchers, as well as cheque receipts.
Fetching children from their respective primary school to the childcare centre and ensuring that they are safe at all times.
Plan and deliver the education program in accordance with the MOE syllabus.
Keep accurate records of the children’s progress and behaviour in the centre.
Communicate with parents in regard to the children’s behaviour.
Fetching children from the school to the childcare centre and ensuring that they are safe at all times.
Provide a safe and secure environment for the children to feel comfortable.
Screening of resumes from Job Street and short listing those that are suitable and forward them to the managers respectively.
Schedule, coordinate and liaise with managers to arrange interviews with candidates.
Arranging for managers from other countries to come over to Singapore to conduct interviews with the candidates.
Fetching candidates from lobby and verifying their documents eg. Certificates, pay slip, IC, passport.Skills: Chinese typing (20wpm), English typing (35wpm), MS Word, Excel &PowerPoint, Oracle – Peoplesoft, Sunsystem, MYOB, Flexsystem.
Li Ka Shing Institute of Professional and Continuing Education, OUHK.
-Prepare daily & monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
-Communicate with the banks regarding to Margin Loan and IPO Financing;.
-Prepare daily & monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
-Communicate with the banks regarding to Margin Loan and IPO Financing;.
-Prepare daily & monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
-Communicate with the banks regarding to Margin Loan and IPO Financing;.
-Prepare daily & monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
-Communicate with the banks regarding to Margin Loan and IPO Financing;.
Job Description: -Responsible for payment, book-keeping and bank reconciliation;.
-Prepare monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
Job Description: -Responsible for payment, book-keeping and bank reconciliation;.
-Prepare monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
Job Description: -Responsible for payment, book-keeping and bank reconciliation;.
-Prepare monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.
Job Description: -Responsible for payment, book-keeping and bank reconciliation;.
-Prepare monthly financial reports and handle full set of account;.
-Prepare month-end closing related schedules and regular accounting reports;.MS Excel, MS Outlook, MS Word, Oracle 11i, Oracle R12, SAP Applications, Sun System.To obtain a full time career position in a global organization that utilizes my analytical, communication skills and expands my professional experience.
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Illinois, USA                                    May 2007.
Recipient of International Student Award in 2005 (1 selected out of 115 students).
Appointed to join the regional internal audit team to do operation review in Bata South Africa in 2011.
Selected to join one among six teams to undertake the tax preparation project from major client such as Google, Intel and Siemens in PwC.
Successfully managed small team of 3 people in PwC to hit the preparation target for 2 consecutive years.
Successfully streamlined the process of revenue control in Bata Shoe Singapore and cut down the process from 1 month to 2 weeks.
Organized the retained earning reconciliation process in UTC and cut down the process that took 6 hours in the past to become 1 hour.
Became the only person from finance division in UTC to complete the entire audited statutory report.
Successfully saved the company time and resources by eliminating the unnecessary process in coming up with the import value for GST submission and reduced the time from 3 days to 15 minutes in UTC.
Assist the CFO to control the cash flow by creating projection, summarizing future readers order, pending bills, receivables to facilitate planning that helped Goswiff as company to keep on operating.
Senior Regional Accountant, Goswiff International                                            Apr 2015 – Present.
Create cash flow projection to ensure the liquidity of the company.
Perform full set monthly closing and responsible for accuracy of GL entries.
Communicate with local accountants from other countries to resolve any accounting issues, errors, missing information or discrepancies.
Liaise with auditors by providing the information required during annual audit.
Supervise, monitor and provide guidance to junior staff for accounting related matters.
Communicate, manage and deal with the third party vendors regarding payments.
Raise customer invoices and support country managers to collect receivables.
Managed the accrual and payment of sales rebates, agent commission and royalty.
Reviewed and approved sales rebates for payment from branches in Malaysia and UK.
Corresponded with respective party to solve intercompany AP / AR discrepancy.
Assisted finance controller in completing the government survey.
Responsible for GST submission and balance sheet reconciliation.
Checked the invoice not posted in SAP and liaised with respective departments to solve issues.
Responsible for monthly reporting to headquarter (fixed asset, headcount and others).
Collected and compiled the information for E-sox compliance.
Calculated income tax provision and responsible for tax reporting to headquarter.
Liaised with auditors and became the main point of contact during annual audit.
Prepared the monthly, quarterly and annual financial report to Bata headquarter in.
Prepared monthly budget and comparative analysis and explaining any discrepancies.
Completed surveys released by Department of Statistics of Singapore.
Assisted finance director in the preparation of  the annual company budget (budgeting and forecasting).
Controlled, monitored and reconciled the sales revenue from 49 Bata retail stores.
Analyzed the sales revenue collection period for all retail stores.
Followed up with the store managers regarding the pending sales proceed.
Prepared the account receivable and account payable aging analysis.
Reviewed invoices, purchase orders and authorize payment to the suppliers.
Liaised with external and internal auditors during the annual audit.
Corresponded with the bank, customers and suppliers regarding payments.
Completed the intercompany reconciliation process between Bata Singapore and other Bata companies around the world.
US Tax Consultant (IAS), PricewaterhouseCoopers                                       Jan 2008 – Mar 2011.
Prepared federal, state and local income tax returns for expatriates and foreign nationals.
Prepared the tax equalization calculation for expatriates going for foreign assignment.
Assisted new hires to familiarize themselves with tax return preparation process and tax.
Explained the fundamental tax concepts such as foreign earned income exclusion, foreign.
Tax credit, tax equalization and other tax issues to new hires in classroom setting.
Compiled, reviewed, analyzed and summarized the information provided by taxpayers to.
Assisted the manager by running a preliminary review of tax returns and made necessary       Changes to accelerate the finalization process.
Engaged in consultation with clients during pre/post preparation process of their tax return.
Identified missing information and communicated that to taxpayers via email, phone.
Coordinated, led and supervised a small team of 3 people to finish annual tax project.
Language:  Fluent in English, Malay and Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian), Chinese (Basic).
Computer: Proficient in Microsoft Office (H/V look up, Pivot Table, IF function), Adonis 6.
SAP Business Objects, Go System, Sun accounting system, SAP FICO,.
Personal:   13 years of international experience from living in USA, Singapore, Indonesia.
Hard-worker, quick learner, dedicated, punctual, responsible, analytical.
Have a genuine interest in numbers and problem solving and detail oriented.
International Students Association (Treasurer)                                  Aug 2004 – Jul 2005.
Maintained a balanced financial statement of the club’s expense.
Participated and helped in many fund raising activities conducted by the club.
Contributed the sale proceeds to ISC and become part of the third best selling team in 2005 (out of 15 teams).
Assisted ISC officers in conducting and coordinating events.
Traded stocks and options through analyzing current news and market information.
Came 4th from 25 teams participated in the program with the most stock’s return.
Trained in advance leadership techniques, mentoring and crisis management.
Volunteered to help Mathematics teacher set up and decorated rooms.
Supervised students and ensured the competition operates smooth and properly.
Delivered a speech about “Restrictions to International Students in USA” in front.
Reason for leaving:  Goswiff is potentially out of business due to financial difficulties.To seek a position in a value driven organization and work to contribute the most to the opportunities assigned to me, to develop personally and acquire comprehensive management skills required to qualify for higher levels of responsibility to grow along with the organization.
Three years and six months of Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants firm working experience in preparing and reviewing full set of account, audit, corporate, individual and partnership tax, goods and services tax and secretarial to a portfolio of clients in diversified industries.
Three years and two months of eudcation industry working experience in account receivable, account payable, maintain full set of account, donation and fixed asset function.
Singapore Management University  May 2016-   Oct 2016 Senior Accounts Executive.
Administer scholarship, bursary, awards and grants which include the maintenance of records, disbursements and reporting.
Passing of journal entries to match expenditures incurred pertaining        to donations.
Preparation of reports to external stakeholders, IRAS and MOE.
Preparation of audit schedules and other internal reports.
Assist with the preparation of quarterly reports for issuance.
Singapore Institute of Technology  Aug 2013-   May 2016 Finance Assistant Manager.
Billing and collection for trade customers/students/sponsors.
Process the financial assistance schemes in accordance to the Funding Agencies requirements.
Prepare graduation and withdrawal files to agency bank relating to         student loan.
Prepare monthly Account Receivable audit schedules, bank  reconciliation, and Goods and Services Tax report.
Assist in preparing report to government agencies and statistical    department relating to Account Receivable.
Involve in System Implementation (e.g. SAP implementation).
Stone Forest Accountserve Pte Ltd (Chio Lim Stone Forest Group),    Jul 2012- Singapore    Jul 2013.
Provide value added book-keeping and accounting service for the  following clients:   REC Singapore  a. Prepare corporate income tax computation for 5 inter company.
Ji Mei Flower Pte Ltd & JM Floral Creation  a. Day-to-day data entries to update vendor and customer account.
Boston Scientific Asia Pacific Pte Ltd   a.  Review and update employee travel claim to ensure compliance                          with company policy.
AT & T Singapore Pte Ltd   a. Receiving, sorting and distributing incoming mail company.
JTC Corporation   a. Check and review payment proposal processed by Account.
Singapore Institute of Technology  a. Perform full Accounts Payable (AP) functions including GIRO          management.
Provide quality audit services to a portfolio of diversified clients and  their stakeholders with no specialization.
Responsible for various aspects of auditing function (statutory,   special, rental, sales, charity, Institutions of a Public Character (IPCs) ,  group and consolidation).
Plan engagement objectives and an audit strategy that complies with  professional standards and appropriately addresses risk.
Managing audit engagements which include initial engagement  planning, analysis of controls and processes, preparation and review of  audit documentations and management letters and reports.  • Direct field work, manage engagement economics and inform  managers and partner of the audit engagement status.
Monitor the engagement team's progress against budget and timeline  and alter it when needed.
Supervise and develop audit associate by effectively delegating audit  tasks and providing guidance.
Developing and maintaining long term client relationship, assessing  audit clients' satisfaction and identifying business development  opportunities by proactively maintain contact with the audit client   throughout the year.
Prepare and review clients' corporate and individual tax computations,  tax returns and tax relevant forms.
Assist clients in resolutions of tax issues with the tax authority.  • Prepare, review and submit Good and Services Tax quarterly  returns.
Prepare and review compilation of unaudited financial statements   report in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.  • Prepare full set of financial statement in XBRL format and   financial highlights.
Handle full set of accounts by using UBS accounting software.
Prepare Annual General Meeting, standard board resolutions   and minutes.
Perform and manage statutory audit assignments in accordance  with Malaysian Auditing Standards and Malaysian Financial Reporting.
Prepare clients' corporate and individual tax computation, tax returns  and tax relevant forms.
A good understanding of accounting, auditing standards and related tax regulations.
Good working knowledge of International Financial Reporting Standards(IFRS), Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSA), Singapore Financial Reporting Standard (SFRS) and Singapore Companies Act (the “Act”).
Proficient in accounting software: UBS, Accpac, MYOB, Navision, Peoplesoft and SAP.
Proficient with Microsoft office Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Expected Monthly Salary : SGD 3,800 to SGD 4,200 (Negotiable).- Assist in conducting trainings for new employed employees on expense claims.
- Sourcing for quotations for indirect material and services.
- Assist in creating and maintaining internal shopping carts.
- Conducting training for end users on new system migrations.
Adobe Flash CS4, Adobe Photoshop CS3, Concur, Microsoft Office 2007, SAP.May 2014 – present: CLSA – Assistant Manager, Treasury Transaction.
Arranged cash forecasting, fund transfers, inter-company settlements to facilitate the company’s daily funding and liquidity needs.
Assisted in the setup of the first cash pool of the company, and the setup of the sweeping between different banks in different time zones.
Handled the setup of the committed/uncommitted loan line and the guarantee.
Translated the loan agreement documents which were in Chinese into English version for the senior management committee to review.
Arranged the signing of ISDA and CSA VM with banks for the execution of the structured products.
Hedged the foreign currency exposure(mainly CNY) of the balance sheet and income statement by leveraging spot, forwards, NDF and interest rate swaps.
Followed the money market and wholesale funding market to plan for the optimal funding mix and solutions.
The refinance of the USD400m club deal loan which is the main source of CLSA funding facilities within one and a half months.
The implementation of the new liquidity management policies and new funding strategy of the company after the acquisition by the Citic Securities International Ltd.
April 2013 – September 2013: HSBC – Cash Management Team Analyst.
Managed and fulfilled the currency funding requirements according to the SSI of the assigned institutional and hedge funds clients.
Performed daily fund administrative functions and cash management for segregated funds clients.
February 2012 – April 2013: HSBC Money Market Desk – Business Analyst.
Arranged daily FX & MM deals execution and third party MM transactions for the client services team.
Provided indicative quotes upon an inquiry from custodian clients, and handle clients’ enquires relating to spread and pricing.
The implementation of the new internal system for FX transactions, and streamline the new workflow to align with the compliance requirements.
Reduction on the operational loss by setting templates and macros to facilitate the FX and MM deal settlement process.
July 2010 – February 2012: Citi Private Bank – Service Assistant.
Managed daily loans and deposits booking, and arrange incoming and outgoing tested telex.
Monitored and locate funds from the Nostro account and perform buy-in when requested, and develop a deep understanding of the SWIFT messages(e.g. MT103, MT202, MT199 etc).
Assisted in different projects UAT and various types of system testing to ensure effective UAT test cases are created.
Bachelor of Social Sciences (Hons.) in Government and International Studies(Second Class Division One).
Software: Microsoft Office Suite(Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access), Reuters, Bloomberg.Over 6 years’ experience in the accounting field in Multi National Corporation and Local Large Companies. Specialising in AP, AR, GL functions, Management reporting, variance analysis, Fixed Asset and Inventory. Proven success in leading a team from beginning.
Enthusiastic, driven, meretricious and self motivated with keen belief in team idea generation, prioritisation and organisation.
(There are disputes between the shareholders, and has decided that Singapore operation will be closed down).
APEX Logistics International has various operations across the globe (in freight forwarding business), however, in Singapore, we are a newly setup branch. In Singapore’s accounting team, there are 2 employees in charge of running this operation.
I’m put to take charge of full set of accounting, that includes:.
AP: Data entry for all AP invoices (approximately 300 invoices per month), payment, bank reconciliation.
AR: Majority of the invoices are posted by the billing team. Therefore, I need to do due diligence check to ensure that GL code (i.e. COGS) are posted correctly. Need to chase for aged debts, update management AR status weekly reports. Around 200 regular customers in the company.
Management reporting: Assist director to do management reports.
Other duties such as quarterly GST reporting, Fixed Asset tagging and monitoring, petty cash monitoring etc….
Set up whole finance department from scratch. Over 800 thousands sales per month, with over 200 vendors and customers transaction per month. Set up new filing systems, billing templates, aging report etc. Although we have corporate offices, however, Singapore office is the first office to try out the new accounting software, Exact Globe. Also, except for certain management reporting formats, the rest of the reports (i.e. aging report, P & L, Balance sheet etc…) are not synchorise by the management throughout the group, therefore, individual stations has to come out with their own reports.
There are disputes between the shareholders in Singapore, therefore, Singapore operations will be force to wind down.
Responsible for the Accounts receivable function in both OHL (S) Pte Ltd & Speedway cargo services Pte Ltd (subsidary).
Put in charge of the collection in OHL Singapore and Speedway Cargo Services. Assisting Financial Controller to review the Malaysia’s collection. A collection supervisor is assisting in the collection.
Ensure billing for speedway are billed properly. Overseeing 2 billing clerks to ensure the completeness, accuracy of the billing.atch.
In charge of the GL function in speedway and all the local tax reporting (i.e. file GST, Withholding tax, claiming of PIC etc…).
Monitoring the WIP and job accruals weekly. To ensure all relevant jobs are billed without delay by the ops and billing team.
Assist superior to run and consolidate various reports weekly / monthly (i.e. CN reports, collection reports, new customer payment etc…).
Set up communication & resolve conflicts within internal and external customers.
Assist to review all newly created customer (i.e. run credit bureau search report).
Participate in other ad hoc projects and any other duties as assigned.
Improvise existing billing template by adding in extra checking mechanism to prevent double billing.
Handle Singapore Post Ltd project with the ops from scratch.
Able to meet up the tight datelines despite of the heavy workload.
Simplified GL entries (i.e. make the description of the entries more meaningful, eliminate duplicate double entries).
OHL Group was acquired by GEODIS. The management had confirmed that accounting staffs will be made redundant. My superior joined another freight forwarding company, and invited me along.
Responsible for the overall Accounts Payables functions, GL Entries, monthly reconciliation and various accounting reporting functions, variances analysis, Fixed Asset, Inventory.
Supervised AP team consists of 2 AP Officers and 1 AP Temporary staff.
Code and process invoices for posting into accounting system.
Ensure that payments are processed timely and accurately via cheques / GIRO / Telegraphic Transfer.
Liaises with internal and external customers. This includes resolving any disputes that arises.
Assist to prepare monthly summaries, variance analysis, reports, and audit schedules, including bank reconciliation, statement of accounts reconciliation, prepayments, accruals, cash advance, deposits, and other balance sheet schedules.
Ensure all invoices comply with both internal and external audit requirements.
Assist accounting manager in audit matters and any other AP related issues.
Participate in other ad hoc projects and any other duties as assigned.
Assist AVP to set up education program (procuring process) for procurement.
Build up the AP team from scratch when all AP officers had left the organization.
Simplified work processes for AP officers (i.e. use excel functions like =sumif, =countif, =index to reduce time in sorting out information in excel file).
Exposed to Fixed Asset, involve in Inventory control (i.e. stock take and stock disposal check).
Relocating to Tuas. 2. Internal restructuring where headcount will be made redundant.
Compliances - ensuring all regulations set by the management are met when processing payment.
Check the posting of invoices and claims in accordance to Company policy.
Liases with IRAS tax officer regarding taxes enquiries (i.e. withholding tax).
First time leading a team of 3 officers. Build up good rapport & working relationship with team. Assist manager to do housekeeping for inactive accounts (AP & AR) hanging in the systems for several years.
FINANCE EXECUTIVE (AP, AR, Billing, Payroll) FOR ASIA PACIFIC.
Work closely with various departments to address & resolve disputes (from internal / external) arises.
To ensure payments are made before deadline (through GIRO / Telegraphic Transfer / Cheque).
Matrix hierarchy: reported directly to Financial controller and Commercial Director.
Credit control, monitor and management: ensure clients paid promptly, forecasting payment pattern, reviewing clients credit histories regularly.
Perform reconciliation of all receipts  (revenue collection).
Sole responsibility for overall performance, maintenance and improvement of the Asia pacific billing function.
Produced and analysed ‘what if’ scenarios for possible impacts on future revenues.
Manage staff personnel matters: payroll, payslip, insurance, annual income tax submission, pension (CPF, MPF and Superannuation) and work passes.
Communication with directors and senior managers was critical to this position.
Ensured the billing and invoicing met audit and local regulatory requirements.
Co-ordinated the credit control and debt collection process.
Liaised with operational Team to resolve technical issues with billing data collection.
As the previous HR left the role after I joined the firm, hence, I’m tasked to perform the HR duties for approximately 7 months before the new HR joined the firm.
This was a front line role and involved much communication directly with clients and account management teams to ensure quick resolution to any billing issues and gain an understanding of changes in sales trends.
Within my 2 years in Patsystems, I have great exposures to Hong Kong, Singapore, Australia and Japan taxation, Payroll and different accounting duties.
Set up a standard way of formatting billing report (unformatted raw file with hundred thousand rows of entries) within hours. This has forced myself to learn and upgraded my excel skill to the advanced level.
Culture: there was less than 40% of Singaporean found in the Singapore office, hence, required to communicate with colleagues from different regions and background. This gave me the experience to enable me to work with different people across the nations.
Assisting the HR duties for 7 months with no backlog when the new HR executive joined the firm.
Major restructuring within company after acquired by Ion Trading (All HR, Finance, Marketing has left (or asked to leave) the firm when I resigned from my post).
Provide secretarial and administrative support to director.
Simple contact updates through Microsoft Excel and webmail.
Research on recent transacted pricing (property) from the internet.
Assisting the director to film videos on successful sales person as an encouragement to the new joiners.
Transfer and update all emails contact from excel to email’s server.
Produce report on analyzing recent / past transacted property pricing.
I need to focus on my final year exam which was few weeks down the road when I resigned.
Assist in organising company events (i.e. Christmas party).
Assist in recruitment: selection of applicants, interviewing candidates, participated in numerous recruitment fairs.
Assist HR to recruit quality candidates (proven by reduce turnover).
I was requested to assist fellow department heads in preparing the sales variances report for annual meeting with General Manager.
Tight schedules from my lesson which disallowed me to work during weekdays in Cheers.
Vendor management, Finance, Analysis, Business Management, Budgets, Full Set Accounting.
APPLICATION SOFTWARE: Proficient in Microsoft Office / Open Office Basic programming, Java, Visual Basic 6.0, MS SQL, SAP, ACCPAC, CargoWise.
Bachelor in Business Management (Major in Finance)    2008 – 2011.
Diploma in Information Technology (Specialise in IT Security)   2003 – 2006.
I’ve already completed all my Chartered Accountant (CA) papers. Currently, I’m an associate member of CA.
CURRENT SALARY: $3600 (remuneration package includes 13th month bonus).
Finance Director: Liew Sing Seng (singseng.liew@apexglobe.com).2010 CPA Full Member of The Australian Society of Certified Practicing Accountants.
Imagine Communications(US Based MNC) empowers the media and entertainment industry through transformative innovation. The company provides total solution (Hardware and software) to support mission-critical operations of Broadcasters, networks, video service providers. It is the market leader in Broadcasting.
Monitor daily incoming receipt for EMEA regions and clear AR settlement in Oracle R12 system.
Prepare bank account reconciliations for the EMEA Entities (UK, France, Austria, Spain, Dubai, Netherland & Hungary) & APAC Entities (Australia, Singapore, HK, Japan & India).
Performing the month end closing and balance sheet reconciliations.
Review and advice adjustment for Global AP Share Service Centre in US.
Support ad hoc duties as required (include user acceptance testing).
LEAVING REASON:    Looking for a job with more responsibilities.
Instinet acts as a global agency broker, helping institutions to improve investment performance through electronic trading tools, sales and portfolio trading, commission management services and access to independent research.
Performing the month end closing and balance sheet reconciliations.
Handling inter-co transactions, reconciliation and consolidate group package.
Prepare bank reconciliation, balance sheet account reconciliation, daily trade reconciliation & weekly cash forecast.
Prepare and process electronic transfers (multi-currency) and payments (include staff reimbursement).
Handle all matters related to Accounts Payable (include soft dollars payments, petty cash reimbursement, check invoice authorization limits, verify invoices and accounts payable reconciliation).
Handling Revenue Collection (Broker Neutral) and clear AR settlement in Oracle system.
Prepare and monitor daily liquid capital per SFC requirement.
LEAVING REASON:    Change job nature to Foreign exchange dealer.
Apr 2010 – Sept 2012 Trident Microsystems (Hong Kong) Limited, acquired from Philips.
A leading company in the digital home entertainment market, delivering innovative semiconductor solutions for digital televisions and set-top boxes.
Handle  month-end closing, accounts reconciliation & bank reconciliation.
Review AR aging report daily and follow-up with the customer on past due invoices to urge for payment.
Communicate with customers, salesperson  & CSRS to resolve for any AR related discrepancies and issue credit/debit note to customers.
Monitor the incoming receipt and clear AR settlement in SAP system.
Prepare weekly AR aging report and explain plan of action for resolving all overdue.
Prepare weekly cash collection forecast reports, identifies and evaluates variances.
Analyze A/R aging on customer a/c to identify potential uncollectible balances for bad debt provision & write-off.
Regularly evaluated customer financial data and payment history to evaluate credit exposure.
Request early payment schedule from customer if available credit limit cannot cover coming shipment.
July 2005 – Mar 2010 NXP Semiconductors Hong Kong Ltd, founded by Philips.
The NXP Group is one of the world’s largest semiconductor companies. With total sales of USD 5.4 billion in 2008, it ranks among the world’s top semiconductor providers.
Perform month-end closing, account reconciliations & bank reconciliation.
Review AR aging report daily and follow-up with the customer on past due invoices to urge for payment.
Communicate with customers, salesperson & CSRS to resolve for any AR related discrepancies and issue credit/debit note to customer.
Monitor the incoming receipt and clear AR settlement in SAP system.
Send statement to customer after month-end and once payment is received.
Prepare weekly AR aging report and explain of action for resolving all overdue.
Regularly evaluated customer financial data and payment history to identify credit exposure.
Work out early payment schedule and provide coming shipments information to customer to alert credit hold.
Coordinate and conduct resale audit on rebate for distributors.
Monitor and verify operations of Share Service Center (India).
LEAVING REASON:     Acquired by Trident Microsystems (HK) Limited and internal transfer to Trident.
University of Sydney, is ranked among the world’s top 61 universities (UK Times Higher Education Supplement, 2017), with its humanities teaching and research ranked in the top 20.
Respond to a range of financial enquiries from Departments and Schools.
Provide advice and assistance to Departments related to coding structure.
Prepare financial statements for granting bodies, foundations and other units.
Prepare batching and input of general ledger journal entries.
Loading of approved budget changes and budget for new accounts.
Ensure integrity of financial data by reviewing and reconciling GL.
Analyse and review income and expenditure in consulting accounts.
Maintenance and monitoring of Expense of Office Allowances.
July 1996 – February 2000 The Sumitomo Trust Finance (H.K.) Limited.
Present and explain budget and forecasts to the management team.
Provide timely explanations & analysis of variances between actual results and forecasts/budgets.
Manage and control all Administrative Expenses and Budget matters.
Reviewing & implementing the operation procedures such as pretty cash & office equipment purchasing.
Provide general office administration works (organizing staff functions, book meeting rooms, manage office supplies stock and place orders, coordinating building and maintenance issues for general repair).
August 1993- March 1996 Vigor International (H.K.) Limited.
Prepare and entered the corresponding general ledger journal entries and monthly accruals.
Prepare monthly financial statement, Bank reconciliation, Sales & Purchases analysis.
Prepare Inter-companies Reconciliation of PRC and US office.
Review and prepare annual external auditing schedules and coordinate audit activities.
Implement and monitor data conversion from manual accounting to Flex Account System.
LEAVING REASON:  Seeking a new challenge and to grow my career.
August 1989-July 1990 K.K. Ng & Co (Certified Public Accountant).
Perform analytical procedures/analyses to detect unusual financial statement relationships.
Propose adjusting journal entries and discussed audit findings with clients.
Create management representation letter comments and recommendations and draft audit reports for management review.
TECHNICAL SKILL: Proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel (vlookup & pivot table), Chinese Word Processing, Lotus Note, Outlook.
CURRENT SALARY:  HK$ 23,000/month ,  Salary in Instinet HK$24,80/month.
EXPECTED SALARY:  HK$29,000/month   AVAILABLE DATE:  One month notice.Solid financial management career working with diverse product and service corporations.
Partnering finance with core operations to drive bottom-line financial, profit and revenue performance.
Information systems background with innate ability to optimize technology to streamline processes and improve organizational efficiency.
Excellent team building, leadership, communications and client/customer relationship management skills.
Currently studying for Certified Management Accountant certification. IMA member ID no. 000008926400.
Accounting Software: SAP Applications, Microsoft Navision, ACCPAC, Quickbooks,.
Payroll Software: EPE Payroll Software, BRPay, TimeSoft Payroll Software.
Soft skills: Presentation skills, Problem Solving,Teamwork and collaboration, Leadership, Adaptability.
UNIVERSITY OF THE EAST- CALOOCAN, Samson Rd., Caloocan City (April 2005).
Certified Public Accountant - Philippine Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA).
Average score of 86/100 in the CPA Licensure Examination, among the top 25 of 5,000 examinees.
MC CORPORATE SERVICE PTE LTD- 1 Coleman St., The Adelphi, #05-06A, Singapore 179803.
Accounting Outsource Department Head managing internal accounts and outsource clients. Handling 3-4 staff and 150 clients. In- charge of managing and enhancing the workflow for both internal and client servicing departments. Among other tasks includes:.
Prepare accounts and present Financial Reports in accordance to Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.
Prepare GST computation and F5 including pre-registration, exemptions and filing of errors.
Administer client's payroll, using payroll software, and other expense disbursements and prepare Forms IR8A, IR8S and related appendices.
Monitors bank transactions, and prepare bank reconciliations and cash flow reports.
Prepare IRAS Forms (Form C/C-s, ECI, PIC) and relevant tax computations in accordance to company and industry (investment holding, oil and gas, service, trading, etc.) requirements.
Supervision and training of staff. Responsible for assigning jobs and hitting revenue targets.
Managing and reporting to directors the company's budget, cash flow and operation results.
Preparation and checking of Financial Statements in XBRL format for ACRA filing.
CORPORATE OUTSOURCE PTE LTD, Shaw Centre, Scotts Road Singapore.
Setting-up and converting client’s database from ACCPAC Plus to Sage ERP accounting software.
Prepare accounts and present Financial Reports in accordance to Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.
Prepare GST computation and F5 including pre-registration, exemptions and filing of errors.
Administer client's payroll, using payroll software, and other expense disbursements and prepare Forms IR8A, IR8S and related appendices.
Accounts payable processing for clients, from funding to disbursements.
Monitors bank transactions, and prepare bank reconciliations and cash flow reports.
Senior Accounts Associate  (July 12, 2010 – September 26, 1014).
Seconded to various clients for short term- assignments to assist clients in system implementations, group consolidation and reliever for staff on leave.
Takeda Pharmaceuticals (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd (June – October 2012).
Lead in the conversion of clients database from ACCPAC to Microsoft Navision.
Responsible for the quality and correctness accounting and payroll jobs prior to sending to client.
Liaising with clients for information gathering, and resolving concerns.
Prepare accounts and present Financial Reports in accordance to Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.
Prepare GST computation and F5 including pre-registration, exemptions and filing of errors.
Administer client's payroll, using payroll software, and other expense disbursements and prepare Forms IR8A, IR8S and related appendices.
Accounts payable processing for clients, from funding to disbursements.
Monitors bank transactions, and prepare bank reconciliations and cash flow reports.
Managing Cash Funding Requirements of the Region’s Current Account.
Review, audit & validation of Petty cash Vouchers & Payment Requests.
Coordinates with subsidiaries, other units, suppliers & contractors.
Monitors compliance to Internal Revenue Requirements and local ordinances.
Prepares Monthly Reconciliation Schedules & Analysis of Expense Accounts.
Determining performance gaps and suggesting recommendations.
Have done various audits involving inventories, employee benefits, accounts receivable, cash and revolving funds.
I hereby certify that the above information stated is true and correct.6A Lincoln Road, Park Infinia@WeeNam #20-16, 308366, Singapore.
6A Lincoln Road, Park Infinia@WeeNam #20-16, 308366, Singapore.
Completed with distinctions in Reporting & Professional Practice, Corporate Governance, Financial Risk Management and Auditing.
Completed with distinctions in Reporting & Professional Practice, Corporate Governance, Financial Risk Management and Auditing.
Bachelor of Commerce, majors in Accounting, Management & Human Resource Management.
Bachelor of Commerce, majors in Accounting, Management & Human Resource Management.
Assist in managing a portfolio of clients. Key responsibilities include:.
Liaising with clients on the audit plan, upcoming audits, and progress of audits.
Leading in opening meetings with clients to discuss scope of work and closing meetings to discuss issues identified.
Internal meetings to discuss role and responsibilities of advisors and seniors on the job.
Performing fieldwork and reviewing work of advisors and seniors, reporting to the Director and partner on status and progress of work.
Writing reports and obtaining management comment and feedback.
Assist in managing a portfolio of clients. Key responsibilities include:.
Liaising with clients on the audit plan, upcoming audits, and progress of audits.
Leading in opening meetings with clients to discuss scope of work and closing meetings to discuss issues identified.
Internal meetings to discuss role and responsibilities of advisors and seniors on the job.
Performing fieldwork and reviewing work of advisors and seniors, reporting to the Director and partner on status and progress of work.
Writing reports and obtaining management comment and feedback.
This position is a 6 month contract covering a staff on maternity leave which ended in December 2014.
Planning, execution, wrap-up of Audits. Involved in all phases of the audit including planning, opening meeting, and fieldwork, report, pre-lim close and final close & presentation.
Using Data mine techniques to analyse large quantity of data for Advisory projects.
Use of SAP to generate financial data for audit and analytical purposes.
This position is a 6 month contract covering a staff on maternity leave which ended in December 2014.
Planning, execution, wrap-up of Audits. Involved in all phases of the audit including planning, opening meeting, and fieldwork, report, pre-lim close and final close & presentation.
Using Data mine techniques to analyse large quantity of data for Advisory projects.
Use of SAP to generate financial data for audit and analytical purposes.
This position is an integral part of the Abbott Nutrition Pacific Asia headquarters finance function. It involves working with the AHQ senior management team and other finance personnel from across Abbott Asia Pacific region.
Partner with Senior management team to drive operating performance and execution.
Provide analytical support and relevant financial information in business decision making, commercial strategies, allocation of resources based on commercial opportunities.
Monitor country financial performance by highlighting material variances using system generated detail and trend reports.
Prepare and distribute financial reports and packages by gathering and analyzing information related to current performance.
Perform financial analysis, as directed by management, and recommend alternatives courses of action by utilizing appropriate financial tools.
Collect data from the Regions & Countries to meet the requirement of monthly internal reporting and developing Financial Plan and other forecasts.
This position is an integral part of the Abbott Nutrition Pacific Asia headquarters finance function. It involves working with the AHQ senior management team and other finance personnel from across Abbott Asia Pacific region.
Partner with Senior management team to drive operating performance and execution.
Provide analytical support and relevant financial information in business decision making, commercial strategies, allocation of resources based on commercial opportunities.
Monitor country financial performance by highlighting material variances using system generated detail and trend reports.
Prepare and distribute financial reports and packages by gathering and analyzing information related to current performance.
Perform financial analysis, as directed by management, and recommend alternatives courses of action by utilizing appropriate financial tools.
Collect data from the Regions & Countries to meet the requirement of monthly internal reporting and developing Financial Plan and other forecasts.
Role: Senior International Financial Auditor (2 Year rotational role).
Executed fieldwork and planned internal audits and SOX testing internationally for audits up to 4 weeks at each international site. Countries/cities travelled include India, Switzerland, Dubai, Australia, Turkey, Malaysia, Hong Kong, the US, the UK, Philippines and China.  Key responsibilities include:.
Coordinating, leading planning meetings, status updates and reporting.
Discussing issues with the Finance Director of the Affiliate and presenting issues at update, pre-close and close meetings.
Executing and completion of fieldwork utilizing TeamMate.
Audited financial processes including revenue, expenditure, tax, treasury, inventory, financial reporting, fixed assets, payroll & HR.
Executed fieldwork and planned internal audits and SOX testing internationally for audits up to 4 weeks at each international site. Countries/cities travelled include India, Switzerland, Dubai, Australia, Turkey, Malaysia, Hong Kong, the US, the UK, Philippines and China.  Key responsibilities include:.
Coordinating, leading planning meetings, status updates and reporting.
Discussing issues with the Finance Director of the Affiliate and presenting issues at update, pre-close and close meetings.
Executing and completion of fieldwork utilizing TeamMate.
Audited financial processes including revenue, expenditure, tax, treasury, inventory, financial reporting, fixed assets, payroll & HR.
Assist in managing a portfolio of clients across industries including Hotels, Property development, Distribution and Not for profit organizations. Key responsibilities include:.
Liaising with clients on the audit plan, upcoming audits, and progress of audits.
Leading in opening meetings with clients to discuss scope of work and closing meetings to discuss issues identified.
Internal meetings to discuss role and responsibilities of advisors and seniors on the job.
Performing fieldwork and reviewing work of advisors and seniors, reporting to the Senior Manager and partner on status and progress of work.
Writing reports and obtaining management comment and feedback.
Attending Audit Committees to present key issues/observations identified to Management and Board of Directors.
Assist in managing a portfolio of clients across industries including Hotels, Property development, Distribution and Not for profit organizations. Key responsibilities include:.
Liaising with clients on the audit plan, upcoming audits, and progress of audits.
Leading in opening meetings with clients to discuss scope of work and closing meetings to discuss issues identified.
Internal meetings to discuss role and responsibilities of advisors and seniors on the job.
Performing fieldwork and reviewing work of advisors and seniors, reporting to the Senior Manager and partner on status and progress of work.
Writing reports and obtaining management comment and feedback.
Attending Audit Committees to present key issues/observations identified to Management and Board of Directors.
Role: Internal Audit, Associate - Senior  - Assistant Manager.
Role: Internal Audit, Associate - Senior  - Assistant Manager.
As the Senior/AM in Internal Audit teams I reviewed numerous auditable areas, these include business, operational and strategic processes spanning across Treasury, Sales and Marketing, Accounting & Finance, HR, Payroll, Contract Management, Tendering & Procurement, Inventory, Performance Measurement, Pricing, Corporate Governance, Business Development, OH&S, Records Management, Fixed Assets, Cash flow, Revenue, Forecasting & Budgeting and Projects.
Industries of clients include mining, oil & gas, utilities, hospitality, government sector, real estate and finance companies/banks.
Role and responsibilities as the lead Senior/AM in internal audit engagements, SOX, policy and compliance reviews  and risk management include the following:.
Attending planning meetings held with the Client to draft a scope of works document and prepare a budget for the upcoming engagement;.
Creating audit work programmes for fieldwork execution by Advisors/ Assistants;.
Understanding, reviewing and documenting  key business processes;.
Ensuring clients are compliant to adopted policies and procedures, applicable laws, regulations and industry standards;.
Conducting interviews with key personnel, performing walkthroughs and testing of the client’s existing system of internal controls;.
Assessing the adequacy of the process including design effectiveness and efficiency and identifying non compliance to control procedures;.
Identifying the overall risk of design ineffectiveness, control gaps and non compliance;.
Identifying the root cause to design ineffectiveness, control gaps and non compliance;.
Performing detailed review of workpapers prepared by Advisors;.
Proposing practical recommendations and liaising with the client to obtain feedback;.
Drafting the internal audit report and involved in finalising to produce the final work product and deliverable for the client;.
Presenting at opening meetings to discuss scope of works and formal close out meetings to discuss issues and recommendations for improvement.
General roles and responsibilities as a Senior/ AM in the practice include:.
Client Administration - Assisting in client administration  for a portfolio of clients, duties include billings, WIP analysis, liaising and updating the client key contact and  drafting annual internal audit plans;.
Business Development - involved in drafting proposals for request for tenders;.
Training and mentoring - Assist in providing on the job training and mentoring to graduates, involved in recruitment drives for graduates and vacationers.
SG Cares – a member of SG Cares and involved in community volunteering including fundraising, seated taichi, day care centre activities.
SG Cares – a member of SG Cares and involved in community volunteering including fundraising, seated taichi, day care centre activities.
SG Cares – a member of SG Cares and involved in community volunteering including fundraising, seated taichi, day care centre activities.
Young Woman Christian Association, Kids Club – involved in tuition for underprivileged children on a weekly basis.
Young Woman Christian Association, Kids Club – involved in tuition for underprivileged children on a weekly basis.
Young Woman Christian Association, Kids Club – involved in tuition for underprivileged children on a weekly basis.
National Kidney Foundation, Singapore, Grains for Hope Project – Involved in visiting the aged patients from the National Kidney Foundation on a monthly basis.
National Kidney Foundation, Singapore, Grains for Hope Project – Involved in visiting the aged patients from the National Kidney Foundation on a monthly basis.
National Kidney Foundation, Singapore, Grains for Hope Project – Involved in visiting the aged patients from the National Kidney Foundation on a monthly basis.
The Cancer Council, Daffodil Day volunteer, involved in selling merchandise & daffodils to raise funds for cancer research.
The Cancer Council, Daffodil Day volunteer, involved in selling merchandise & daffodils to raise funds for cancer research.
The Cancer Council, Daffodil Day volunteer, involved in selling merchandise & daffodils to raise funds for cancer research.
Malaysian Students Union, UWA, Public Relations Officer, Malaysian Students Union is a student club aimed at organizing social activities and functions.
Malaysian Students Union, UWA, Public Relations Officer, Malaysian Students Union is a student club aimed at organizing social activities and functions.
Malaysian Students Union, UWA, Public Relations Officer, Malaysian Students Union is a student club aimed at organizing social activities and functions.
Uni Camp for Kids Picnic Leader, A university club aimed at helping under privileged kids.
Uni Camp for Kids Picnic Leader, A university club aimed at helping under privileged kids.
Uni Camp for Kids Picnic Leader, A university club aimed at helping under privileged kids.
Obtained Certificate in Advanced Excel 2010; very proficient in Word and Power Point; sound knowledge and experience using TeamMate, GRC and SAP.
Interested in internal audit, process, risk, controls and compliance.
Hardworking, quick learner, willing and eager to gain knowledge and learn new skills.
Personable, ability to work well in a team (shares information and supports colleagues) or independently; tactful and polite.
High level of confidentiality as well as personal integrity.
Obtained Certificate in Advanced Excel 2010; very proficient in Word and Power Point; sound knowledge and experience using TeamMate, GRC and SAP.
Interested in internal audit, process, risk, controls and compliance.
Hardworking, quick learner, willing and eager to gain knowledge and learn new skills.
Personable, ability to work well in a team (shares information and supports colleagues) or independently; tactful and polite.
High level of confidentiality as well as personal integrity.
Obtained Certificate in Advanced Excel 2010; very proficient in Word and Power Point; sound knowledge and experience using TeamMate, GRC and SAP.
Interested in internal audit, process, risk, controls and compliance.
Hardworking, quick learner, willing and eager to gain knowledge and learn new skills.
Personable, ability to work well in a team (shares information and supports colleagues) or independently; tactful and polite.
High level of confidentiality as well as personal integrity.
Obtained Certificate in Advanced Excel 2010; very proficient in Word and Power Point; sound knowledge and experience using TeamMate, GRC and SAP.
Interested in internal audit, process, risk, controls and compliance.
Hardworking, quick learner, willing and eager to gain knowledge and learn new skills.
Personable, ability to work well in a team (shares information and supports colleagues) or independently; tactful and polite.
High level of confidentiality as well as personal integrity.Support business on a daily basis, including preparation of management report;.
08/2014 – 08/2016   Accounting Officer (1-year based Contract).
Responsible for HK accounts receivable function, including receipt entry, daily cash flow operations, and aging reports.
Handle HK & SGP accounts payable function, including staff expense, PO matching.
Prepare AR related monthly accounts schedules and analysis report.
Prepare quarterly SGP tax payment and schedules and monthly internal audit schedules.
Manage full set of accounts for several large scale properties.
Handle book-keeping works of A/P and A/R, prepare receipt and payment voucher, daily settlement and other accounting related transactions.
Maintain and implement data information management systems.
Prepare aging analyst report to directors and reminder to clients.
Support implementation of new administrative IT systems and streamline business processes.
07/2011 – 05/2012        Zurich Insurance Group (Hong Kong) / Zurich International Life.
Provide cost-effective and professional records management service in supporting across BUs.
Stock usage, management and budget monitoring for office activities.
Handle daily policy administration activities such as client fund switches and instructions.
2006 – 2009  The Chinese University of Hong Kong – Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Community College.
2014-Present  HKICPA student member (finished Module A, B, C & D).
Languages:   Cantonese (Fluent), English (Fair), Mandarin (Basic).
Computer skills:   Proficient in Microsoft Word/Excel/PowerPoint,.
Interests:   Baking and food decoration, badminton, yoga practices.Issue purchase order, and arrange delivery goods to parent company.
Checking & Posting All data entry to Accounting Software (MYOB&SAP).
Prepare and Analyzing Management Reports (Balance Sheet, Profit And Loss).
Liaise with external auditor, bank, tax agent and parent company.
Checking and Posting all data entry to Accounting Software (Oracle).
Prepare and Analyzing Management Reports(Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss, Project Costing).
To process banking transactions daily both in local and foreign currencies.
To process transactions skillfully, promptly and efficiently transfer, cheques deposits and travel cheques, credit card payment and cash advance, Telegraphic Transfer, Time deposit, receiving clearing cheque.02.2016 - 02.2017 Groupon                                                                               e-Commerce / Singapore  Senior Financial Analyst, Regional FP&A, Commercial Finance, APAC.
Prepared and consolidated monthly management reports for FP&A cycle - including budget, forecast and variance reviews (APAC & EMEA).
Worked with head of HR and analyzed weekly headcounts, open positions and resignations to make and assess business strategy (APAC & EMEA).
Worked with country financial directors for adjustments to comply with HQ (Chicago) plan (APAC).
Analyzed SG&A and marketing expense, and distributed the monthly analysis to heads of departments (APAC).
Calculated monthly sales commission and tested the impact of sales commission plans (APAC).
Supported CFO for various ad-hoc analysis regarding the company’s strategy and restructuring (APAC).
Supported monthly forecast on Shopping Business Line (EMEA).
07.2014 - 01.2016 SingPost                                             Logistics, Retail and e-Commerce / Singapore  Finance Manager, Financial Analysis and Management Reporting.
Oversaw the group’s full P&L including revenue, cost and margins by industry, product, business unit, subsidiary and country.
Created financial models to analyze various cost saving initiatives in the group.
Developed key performance indicators (KPIs) and trend analysis with recommendations to assist in improving cost efficiencies in the organization.
Consolidated forecast and budget from all business units and subsidiaries, conducted the preparation and roll-up of the company budget and monthly forecast and provided variance analysis to identify areas of concern.
Designed, published and distributed customized periodical flash reports, management reports and performance report to GCFO, BOD and audit committee.
Provided financial supports to IT projects for Singpost transformation.
10.2013 - 07.2014 ABB                                                 Power and Automation Technology / Singapore  Accounting Center Analyst, Shared Accounting Services.
In Charge of monthly, quarterly and yearly financial closing for Malaysia Reporting (US GAAP).
Reviewed and validated journal entries and reconciled BS, P&L and CF.
Prepared timely and accurate reporting package and associated disclosures.
Assisted with internal audit, annual statutory audit under US GAAP and SOX audit.
Identified best practice for the standardization within shared accounting services.
05.2013 - 09.2013 Sanofi Aventis                                                                 Pharmaceutical / Singapore   Intern in Finance and Controlling (compulsory for master graduation).
A+ internship performance evaluated by Finance & Controlling manager at Sanofi.
Analyzed financial data and identified the production trends that may affect costs.
Designed financial models for scenario test and sensitivity test on the production yield.
Evaluated production efficiency by variance analysis versus budget and forecast, created yield reports and presented in the weekly management meeting  Conducted 2014 annual budget and forecast on yield.
Built financial models to analyze various investment strategies and business opportunities.
Performed financial analysis on full P&L, profitability of residential properties and foreign capital injection.
Provided project and operational analysis to GM and CFO on Renmin Primary School Education Fund and HKL donation project (CNY 300 Million) and this project successfully attracted a famous primary school to build its campus in the company’s residential property, Yorkville.
In charge of financial closing for HKL Chongqing Office and conducted budget and forecast for JV companies and HKL Chongqing Office.
Assisted in capital planning for project finance and tax planning for project company.
08.2006 - 05.2009 PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                 Financial Services / China   Senior Associate of Assurance Service, Audit.
Conducted statutory audits for listed companies under different accounting standards (US GAAP, IFRS and PRC GAAP).
Led team in projects across various industries, such as pharmaceutical (Bayer), telecom (China Unicom), IT (Phoenix Semiconductor), oil & energy (CLP Group) and manufacturing (Cummins).
Participated in the IPO project of CQME (stock code: 2722), which was successfully listed in HK Exchange in 2008.
In charge of audits under Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) for China Unicom and Phoenix Semiconductor.
Tested internal controls for clients and provided the best solutions for their process improvement.
Ensured the accuracy and transparency of financial statements, identified key risks, evaluated pivotal issues, raised audit adjustments and drafted audit reports.
08.2012 - 01.2014 ESSEC Business School (Top Tier Business School in Europe)    Paris-Singapore.
The Excellence Scholarship by AXA Private Equity Mécénat & ESSEC Business School.
09.2002 - 06.2006 Chongqing University / Bachelor Degree in Engineering                              China.
The Excellent Graduate by Chongqing Municipality Government.
06.2017 Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Institute                                          Singapore.
Microsoft Certificate - Microsoft Office Specialist Expert for Office Excel.
Sound knowledge of SAP, ABACUS, Hyperion, BPC, Business Warehouse (BW), SmartView, Anaplan, NetSuite, Tableau and SalesForce.non-value-added steps in order to improve the productivity and process quality.  Analyze daily production report to monitor process capability and control the output quality. Take immediate action to rectify the fault when there is signal of malfunction.
Carry out internal auditing to review and update internal policies and process workflow to ensure all business procedures are in compliance with the regulatory requirements.
Design new IT system to facilitate business development and to improve business efficiency and productivity. Ensure all IT systems are up to date with technical and industry developments. Monitor system performance to achieve optimal operating efficiency.
Provide regular professional Lean Six Sigma training to department staff to improve the overall technical and business knowledge standard.
Job description :  Analyse financial and economic data from various data base such as Bloomberg and Datastream, to interpret the economic implications.
Assist professors in thesis research on various economic topics.
Computer Skills : Advanced in MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint, VBA, Essbase, TM1 Data Collecting  : Bloomberg, Datastream, Worldscope.
Prepare monthly and quarterly regional commentary on financial (e.g. Net Profit, expenses) and non-financial (e.g. Flows, AUM), especially focus on Hong Kong, China, Japan, Singapore and Taiwan.
Prepare regular country dashboard and strategic initiatives update to all local countries senior management to provide an update on various KPIs performance and the Headwinds/Tailwinds of the business.
Participate in annual budgeting process to collect various data from local countries by establishing a standard input template. Prepare a consolidated deck for the presentation to senior management and upload the plan data to the Essbase system.
Generate monthly key metrics report with variance and trend analysis and as the original source of data.
Maintain a large set of regional database including actual and plan data in different cubes of Essbase.
Prepare ad-hoc analysis on various request from senior management and business team.
Assistant Manager                                   Oct 2015 - Mar 2016  Financial Planning & Analysis.
Involve in financial planning processes and annual budgeting. Make analysis on variance against plan and prior year, communicate with different departments to understand and explain the variances and trends.
Prepare management and financial reports, and presentation materials for senior management.
Monitor the monthly expenses of the company and manage the cost allocation.
Maintain the actual and budget financial database in TM1 system.
Prepare commentaries on expenses analysis versus budget plan.
Prepare ad-hoc analysis and analytical report on expenses management.
Assistant Manager                                   Oct 2015 - Mar 2016  Financial Planning & Analysis.
Involve in financial planning processes and annual budgeting. Make analysis on variance against plan and prior year, communicate with different departments to understand and explain the variances and trends.
Prepare management and financial reports, and presentation materials for senior management.
Monitor the monthly expenses of the company and manage the cost allocation.
Maintain the actual and budget financial database in TM1 system.
Prepare commentaries on expenses analysis versus budget plan.
Prepare ad-hoc analysis and analytical report on expenses management.
Manage the company’s cash flow to ensure smooth day-to-day operations. Perform data analysis to forecast future cash flow to prepare and accommodate for unexpected expenses or cash outflow.
Communicate with bankers for daily banking services including obtaining the best time deposit rates, dealing in derivatives such as currency forward and purchasing of certificate of deposits.
Establish friendly relationship with banks and explore potential business opportunities.
Conduct risk and control assessment and key risk indicator monitoring, and ensure the operational risk level of the company is properly identified.
Analyze and monitor various financial risk factors such as interest rate risk, credit risk and economic risk by applying various risk models to ensure the risk exposures of the investment portfolios are within their specified thresholds.
Prepare accounting vouchers for the Group companies in comply with the Canadian GAAP & HK GAAP.
Prepare regular and ad hoc reports to various internal and external parties.
Keep abreast of the latest news and trends of the global financial market performance, provide global economic outlook analysis to assist investment decision making.
Prepare investment reports and performance dashboard related to investment strategy, performance and reporting to facilitate investment management.
Have regular meeting with fund manager to monitor the fund performance, and manage the fund allocation to achieve better investment return.
Planning and Administration Division of Bank-Wide Operation Department.
 Handle Lean Six Sigma project to reengineer business process and reduce the.
M.Phil. in Economics, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK).
 Research topic: What affects stock market turnover rate all over the world?.
B.S.SC in Economics, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK)  First Class Honours, minor in Finance.
 Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA)  Certified Financial Risk Manager (FRM)  Fellow, Life Management Institute (FLMI), LOMA  Certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt  HKSI Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries Paper 1, 7, 8  Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination Paper I, III, V.Finance Controller – Ingenico International Singapore Pte Ltd.
Financial Accountant – Citco Fund Services Singapore Pte Ltd.
Senior Accountant & HR Executive – Ando Electric Singapore Pte Ltd.
Job description in Inside Secure Asia Pte Ltd / Wisekey (Manufacturing/Payment).
Support & prepare materials (PPT) to each quarterly business review in APAC.
Production of insightful analytics to drive a strong understanding of worldwide (US/EMEA/APAC) customers.
Booking, billing and backlog analysis. Challenge the sales forecast versus production capacity and cycle times.
Weekly booking, MTM, YTY variance analysis of actual vs forecast, budget with commentary.
Consolidate performance appraisals & management by Objectives (MBO).
Prepare appointment, confirmation, salary increases and bonus letters;.
Work with local agencies and provide administrative support to staff.
Liaise with Corp Sec & Lawyers for all necessary board resolutions.
Job description in Ingenico International (S) Pte Ltd (Manufacturing/Payment).
Management, Statutory, Revenue Flash & Group BFC Reporting and controls clearing.
HR matrix reporting, IR8A, CPF, Annual & Medical leave and insurance matters.
HR, Leave & Payroll system implementation, Process Payroll, EP Tax Clearance.
Job description in Citco Fund Services Singapore Pte Ltd (Financial Institute).
Client Billing & Inter-Company costplus recharge, interco reconciliation.
Management Reports, Cashflow Reports, Financial Analysis.
Forecast & Budget, Actual vs Budget variances, Analyze outlets performance.
Correspond with Taiwan Office, handle customers’ complaints.
GM reports, shareholders’ meeting reports and presentation materials.
Job description in Behringer Holdings Pte Ltd (Manufacturing).
Management Reports, Weekly Cashflow Reports, Financial Analysis.
Forecast & Budget, Actual vs Budget variances, Analyze Sales sub performance.
Assist in Consolidation of Accounts, Consol PPE, Calculation of Unrealized Profit.
Job description in Enspire Capital Pte Ltd (Investment Holding).
Preparing full sets of accounts for wholly owned and other investee companies.
Trial Balance, P& L, Balance Sheet, Management Reports, Cash Flow Reports.
Correspond with Oversea Office, Customers, Company secretary, Auditors etc.
Arrange monthly Management/Board meeting, Prepare minutes.
Prepare Directors’ Resolution for Overseas Company (BVI, ).
Settlement of investment transaction and IPO placement shares, Update of share investment portfolios, Ensure receipt of shares certificate for all investment.
Prepare promissory note for loan, warrant certificate, due diligence.
Job description in Ando Electric Singapore Pte Ltd - Japan (Manufacturing/Services).
Day-to-day entries up till Balance Sheet (Full set of accounts/Management Reports).
Bank reconciliation, Petty Cash, AR & AP Credit Control function.
Human Resource matters, Payroll/IR8A, medical & Leave records, Company and Employee Insurance, arrangement for Employment and Dependent passes, Apartment, Lease negotiation matters etc.
Personnel duties like recruitment and training of new staff, updating personnel correspondence and personal assistant to Director.
Correspond with Oversea Office, Customers, Company secretary, Auditors etc.
1. Preparing full set of account for the company and new subsidies company.
- Journal Entries, Trial Balance, Profit and Loss account and Balance Sheet.
Job Description in Nedlloyd Lines Singapore Pte Ltd (Shipping).
- Compile and prepare different forms for submission to regional office.
- Analysis of Transport Expenses. Drawing of chart for management reference.
- Analysis on closing reporting figures for  agents (including revenue and costs) topping up if necessary.
Accounting Software: SAP ECC6, SAP BFC, COGNOS TM1, ICS, Flash, CODA, CODA IAS, ACCPAC (Dos & Win), Pocioli, QuickBook Pro, Synergix, ERP Axapta, MPC GEAC (Budgeting & Forecasting), Business Object, INFOR BI (Business Intelligence).
Payroll & HR Software: Easypay (Dos & Win), eAccpay (Web based), SAP HR.
Other Software: MS 2013 Excel, Words, Powerpoint, iCorp timesheet, PLM (Product Lifecycle Management), Notilus, Sharepoint, SalesForce.com.During the start-up years of the Company, implemented its Porfolio Accounting System (Advent Geneva) and SAP Business One Accounting System (SAP B1);.
To liaise with both the auditors and fund administrator for annual financial reporting and preparation of financial statements in accordance to SFRS and IFRS;.
Annual tax submission for Singapore and Mauritius entities;.
Annual XBRL submission for Singapore-incorporated entities;.
Annual and quarterly reporting pack submission to shareholder;.
Treasury function – to instruct Settlements team with regards to cash requirements for trade settlements.
Automated the Company’s payment process (bank-accounting system interface for SAP B1).
Supported the investment teams to work with the third-party valuations of the Company’s private investment positions.
Institution : Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountant.
Computer Skills: Geneva – Advent Software (Portfolio Accounting System).Accounts Reconciliation, Analysis, Process Improvement, Forecasting, Fixed Asset, Financial Reports, Management Reports, General Ledger; Shared Service Accounting.
Microsoft Excel, MS Access, SAP FI, SAP BI, Ariba, Lawson, Hyperion, Concur, Sun systems, Accounts payable, Accounts receivable.
Successfully transitioned all fixed asset of an acquired company in a span of one month that is normally done in three months.
Designed a process wherein capital expenditure request are effectively monitored so it will not exceed its budget.
Assist in designing a process wherein non-project fixed assets and non-capitalized expenditures are effectively reduced by 30%.
Handle full set of accounts;    - Perform analysis on project spending;.
Manage and maintain fixed asset register;   - Prepare accrual and adjustment journal.
Assist management in process improvement; - Prepare management reports.
Prepare monthly forecasting on fixed assets - Analyse financial data;.
Perform month end closing in accordance with US GAAP and local statutory requirements.
Prepare accounts reconciliation according to US GAAP and IFRS.
Managed travel & entertainment (T&E) reimbursement as well as other employees' claims.
Calculated and distribute debit/credit memo to other entities.
Perform month end closing and accrual relating to accounts payable.
Provide support on IFS (Integrated Forecasting Solution) input in SAP for ASEAN, SKR and ANZ.
Prepare Top Client Performance report, Monthly APAC Key Performance Indicator (KPI), Sales Flash Report and Contract Financial report.
Ensures data in ASEAN Summary watch list report is updated (Working Capital & Contract Financials) and provide commentaries on significant items.
Highlights and investigates Contract Controllable Income significant impacts in Contract Financials.
Provide Supplemental Finance pack (Working Capital, Contract Financial, Days Service Outstanding (DSO)).
Successfully coached/trained Dalian Team for invoicing and accounts receivable resulting to reduction of processing time of 18 hours a month and smooth transition of invoicing.
Improved report on cost analysis for contractors fees resulting to a more accurate accruals and billings.
Effectively investigated/traced resources responsible for unresolved open item expenses as result were able to identify (billable or non-billable), correct charging and bill client.
Managing detail expenses analysis and cost analysis for contractor’s fees.
Maintaining Quadrem (3rd party Client Billing) and accounts receivable file.
Responsible for review of billing templates, invoicing and sending final invoice to Team Leads.
Provide support for month end closing of accounts and accrual.
Boost clients’ confidence by submitting quality reports which resulted to shifting more process to our team.
Improved month-end process resulting to reduction of errors and timely booking of entries.
Manage and maintain Fixed Assets register/ records and perform monthly reconciliation.
Month or quarter end closing activities and accrual process in accordance with US GAAP and local statutory requirements.
Communicates to US clients relating to month end activities status.
Eliminated unresolved open balances in balance sheet accounts by 90% (i.e. receivables and payables) thru thorough investigation and follow-up to concerned parties.
Successful transition of processes from US counterpart to our team.
Review detailed transaction and perform journal entries and accounts payable.
Perform balance sheet accounts reconciliation from sub modules to general ledger.
Maintain quarterly and yearly balance sheet accounts analysis in accordance with US GAAP and IFRS.
Perform consolidation and booking of eliminating entries (FIN46R).
Month or quarter-end closing activities and accrual process in accordance with US GAAP and local statutory requirements.
Perform accounting for internal vendors (employees) including but not limited to T&E review and reimbursement, managing employee loans and advances, process corporate card application, perform month end closing activities and handle government remittances, employees’ final pay, reconciliation of advances and other employee cost.
Handle full sets of account, monitoring expenses, manage tax requirements, and perform month end activities and accrual process.
Review and analyse the terms, financials and critical issues of the Lease Contract.
Examines and approves for payment of client employees’ expense reports, process and reconcile stale reports and sending escalation reports.
Perform bookkeeping, clearing of checks, debit and credit memo as well as other clerical functions.
Handle full set of accounts, perform month end closing, provide management reports, prepares business correspondence and assist in coordinating with other schools for events.Language : English, Cantonese, Mandarin, Bahasa Melayu and Hakka.
Looking forward for a position in reputable organisations that provide growth opportunities by utilizing my experience and skills in financial planning & analysis & internal & external audits.
Looking forward for a position in reputable organisations that provide growth opportunities by utilizing my experience and skills in financial planning & analysis & internal & external audits.
Promotion from Finance Consultant to Assistant Manager in Year 2015.
Promotion from Finance Consultant to Assistant Manager in Year 2015.
Aug-13 – Present         HanBaoBao Pte Ltd (Licensee of McDonald’s).
Assistant Manager Finance (Financial Planning & Analysis).
Drive monthly forecasting and participate actively in budget planning process from zero based budgeting approach.
In charge of rolling forecast on forward planning on financial commitment.
Drive P&L efficiencies through effective partnering with key stakeholders by aligning perspective on operational efficiencies and P&L output.
Enhance all local management reports to enable management in making sound business decisions.
Improvement in current process and uses automation to help in generating more consistency in the reports.
Business partnering with cross functional teams and participate in various initiatives to drive efficiencies and improvement in business performance  gather information to assist management decision.
Established strong business partnering with stakeholders.
Prepare regular financial and management reports for management review and timely submission to regional and management.
Monitor CAPEX allocations to ensure that allocations are within Plan.
Actively participate and support in month end closing with Corporate team and Controller.
Computation and perform financial analysis of route profitability and costing for Management reporting.
Perform monthly management reports and variance analysis against budget, actual and forecast.
Build and evolve current management reporting and analysis capabilities and efficiencies.
Providing monthly financial information and analysis for engineering & maintenance unit, sales, marketing and commercial department.
Involve in month end closing for fuel expenses and market derivative and ensure accruracy.
Conduct financial and operation audits for SAFRA HQ and Clubs to determine adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls.
Conduct surprise checks on cash, inventories and other company assets.
Document and maintain audit work papers and files for all audit tasks and review carried out.
Aug-13 – Present         HanBaoBao Pte Ltd (Licensee of McDonald’s).
Assistant Manager Finance (Financial Planning & Analysis).
Drive monthly forecasting and participate actively in budget planning process from zero based budgeting approach.
In charge of rolling forecast on forward planning on financial commitment.
Drive P&L efficiencies through effective partnering with key stakeholders by aligning perspective on operational efficiencies and P&L output.
Enhance all local management reports to enable management in making sound business decisions.
Improvement in current process and uses automation to help in generating more consistency in the reports.
Business partnering with cross functional teams and participate in various initiatives to drive efficiencies and improvement in business performance  gather information to assist management decision.
Established strong business partnering with stakeholders.
Prepare regular financial and management reports for management review and timely submission to regional and management.
Monitor CAPEX allocations to ensure that allocations are within Plan.
Actively participate and support in month end closing with Corporate team and Controller.
Computation and perform financial analysis of route profitability and costing for Management reporting.
Perform monthly management reports and variance analysis against budget, actual and forecast.
Build and evolve current management reporting and analysis capabilities and efficiencies.
Providing monthly financial information and analysis for engineering & maintenance unit, sales, marketing and commercial department.
Involve in month end closing for fuel expenses and market derivative and ensure accruracy.
Conduct financial and operation audits for SAFRA HQ and Clubs to determine adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls.
Conduct surprise checks on cash, inventories and other company assets.
Document and maintain audit work papers and files for all audit tasks and review carried out.
Auditing of financial statements of a wide range of companies veering various industries and in the process responsible for the planning, execution, coordination of the audit of financial statements, ensuring compliance with reporting requirements imposed by legislations, auditing and accounting standards, before final review by the audit partner.
Dealings and providing basic advice to clients whilst conducting the audits.
Assisting the audit partners in handling other special job assignments requiring the exercise of professional knowledge and skills.
Auditing of financial statements of a wide range of companies veering various industries and in the process responsible for the planning, execution, coordination of the audit of financial statements, ensuring compliance with reporting requirements imposed by legislations, auditing and accounting standards, before final review by the audit partner.
Dealings and providing basic advice to clients whilst conducting the audits.
Assisting the audit partners in handling other special job assignments requiring the exercise of professional knowledge and skills.
Assisting audit senior and manager to prepare audit schedules , perform audit compliance and substantive tests and to draft financial statements of small to medium sized companies.
Provided accountancy and secretar ial services when necessar.
Assisting audit senior and manager to prepare audit schedules , perform audit compliance and substantive tests and to draft financial statements of small to medium sized companies.
Provided accountancy and secretar ial services when necessar.
Oracle, ERP(In-house),MSIS, SAS Budgeting tools, Pivot skills, SAFRA in house system, Advanced Excel Skills, Access, MS Word, Powerpoint, UBS , Tax Office,  Quickbooks and MYOB.
Business Controller Finance in HanBaoBao Pte Ltd (Licensee of McDonald’s).
Financial Controller in HanBaoBao Pte Ltd (Licensee of McDonald’s).Prepared domestic and oversea payment per client’s instruction -  Internal financial operation.
Tricor Services Limited, Accounting Officer                   Sep 2011–Jun 2014.
Reviewed and commented on financial statements - Payroll Processing.
Optimum Media Direction, Accounting Assistant                   Mar 2010–Sep 2011.
Issued, filed & sent sales invoices to clients with required supporting documents - Payment Processing.
Assisted the supervisor to prepare ad hoc reports and to resolve cost variance.
Language Proficiency: Cantonese (Native); English (Good); Putonghua (Good).
Computer Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint), Viewpoint, Sun Account, Solution 6,.Treasury Officer, Credit Products Investment (Full-time).
Jul 2012 – Current  Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corp.     Hong Kong.
Fundamental credit investments with focus on investment grade corporate bonds issued by Chinese, Hong Kong, and South Korean entities with a portfolio size of US$350mln.
Investment ideas generation and discussion with investment committee, portfolio manager and other analysts.
Maintaining excellent relationships with brokers and rating agencies.
Leading junior analysts for research projects and interview tasks with investee companies.
Sep 2009 – Nov 2011  Centre for Asia Private Equity Research Ltd.     Hong Kong.
Collaborated with team head to promote private equity & venture capital investments in the Greater China region through in-house workshops, journals, and advisory services to potential limited partners such as endowments and sovereign wealth funds.
Established and expanded relationships between private equity fund managers and fund investors, and between fund managers, local governments and investee companies.
Edited and published articles of global equity markets that gained positive feedback from readers.
Won a monthly stock pitching game held by the employer in the first month joining the company.
Conducted the first study of investor relations management of listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges.
Publicized and presented the findings of the study in the “IR Forum.Taiwan 2006”.
Dissertation: Keepwell Deed and Pari Passu Clause of Chinese Offshore Corporate Bonds.
Core courses included Corporate & Business Law, and Real Estate Financing Structure and Related Contracts.
Jan 2012   Sloan School of Management, Massachusetts Institute of Technology  U.S.A.
The most important motto that I learnt from the program is that good company fails because of its status quo managing team.
Dissertation: The Announcement Effect of Japanese Government Bonds.
Strongly interested in deep value investing with humble, curious learning attitude.Being enthusiastic about developing my career in the Accounting Industry, I am writing to apply for the position of Financial Accounting Senior Officer, which would allow me to apply my knowledge to your Company.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting     2007-2009.
07/2013-Present   Assistant Account Payable Manager (Hang Seng Bank Ltd).
11/2011-07/2013   Accountant Assistant (PriceWaterhouse Coopers).
Responsible for data input for Initial Public Offering form.
handle telephone calls or enquiries from Telebet account holders.
Personal/Career Development Activities- Job Interview Techniques  2005-2006.
- Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint.
- Positive Person, Cooperative, flexible, patience, well organized and planned, and easy to communicate with other.Address:     17/F, Blk 6, Lynwood Court, Kingswood Villa, 3 Tin Kwai Rd,.
BBAACCT (Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting).
21 Nov 2012 – 3 Aug 2017    Accounting Manager/ Accountant, Ziegler Logistics (H.K.) Ltd.
Prepare, Consolidate the finance reports from HK and China office.
Aging Summary reporting, inter-company reconciliation of  balance AR & AP and follow up.
May 2011- 18 June 2012  Accounts Officer, Megastrength Security Services Co., Ltd.
To check the cheques and check payment prepared by Account Clerk.
-To check journal vouchers and journal register prepared by Account Clerk.
-To enter date of credit note, ad-hoc & incidental billing transaction.
-To check the monthly billing generation reports before issue of demand notes.
Dec 2009- Dec 2010   Accounts Officer, Golden Fountain Securities Limited.
-Performing account month-end closing and schedule preparing(including AR and AP).
Oct 2009 – Nov 2009 Assistant Accountant, Xiao Nan Guo Holdings Limited.
-Handling daily record and document preparation including account receivable and payable.
-Monitor collection and monthly reconciliation of customer and suppliers.
-Handling daily record and document preparation including account receivable and payable.
-Accounting document handling (Filing, voucher, invoices and monthly statement).
-Performing account month-end closing and schedule preparing(including AR and AP).
Aug 2003 – Jan 2008 Senior Accounts Clerk, H.K. Wing On Travel Service Limited.
-Handling daily record and document preparation including account receivable and payable.
-Performing account month-end closing and schedule preparing(including AR and AP).
-Assist supervisor to handle other ad hoc account transaction.
-Handling working schedule, document and inquiry during year ended audit.
Aug 2002 – May 2003 Clerk, China International Travel Service Hong Kong Limited.Accounts Executive at Pan Pacific Shared Services Center Pte Ltd.
Currently I’m working in Pan Pacific Shared Services Center Pte Ltd with a basic salary S$2388.00 as Accounts Executive (Payable). This company is a Shared Service for Pan Pacific Hotels Group.
-    Coding of invoices and match purchase order raised by various department.
-    Liaise with Goods Receipt Department for dispute and missing invoices.
-    Liaise with suppliers to resolve invoice and payment issues.
-    Process payments by cheque or telegraphic transfer and ensure payments are made within time frame.
-    Update bank records into SAP system whenever payments debited from bank account.
I was worked in Oculus Pte Ltd with a basic salary S$2200.00 as Accounts Officer (Receivable) from Sep 2013 till mid of Apr 2014. Oculus Pte Ltd manufacture and supplying contact lens for local and export customers.
I was worked at Sapura Synergy Singapore Pte Ltd with basic salary S$2079.00 as Accounts Executive (Receivable) since Oct 2009 till Aug 2013. Sapura Synergy is distributing Apple products, providing training courses and technical services for Apple products.
- Verified details of transactions, including funds received and total account  balances.
- Account reconciled, offset payment for all retail store, service center, training center, corporate and government sector accounts.
- Cash-flow report generation, cash collection and small amount refund.
- Opened and assigned new client accounts and control of credit limit.
- Coordinated approval processes of all accounts payable invoices.
- Prepared of road show event, Credit Card and Nets Merchant application.
- Ensured retail store billing, payment received, daily reports submission and deposit paid for advance order.
- Approved and issued of Credit Note for overbilling and return inwards.
The company was not using any accounts system for accounts entry. More World System is HQ of 13 outlets of Waraku Japanese Restaurant located in Singapore. More World System also supplying raw material to overseas customer.
- Reviewed all invoices received from supplier to ensure accuracy.
- Issued payment to supplier by cheque, Giro or Tele Transfer.
- Assisted for year-end audit for Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.
- Called customer to make appointment for delivery, servicing and testing of fire-fighting equipment.
- Accounts reconciled, offset payment (by ACCPAC accounting system).
- Assisted for year end audit for Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.
Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, AccPac, MS Excel, MS Word.Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Lotus Notes, MS Exchange, Eudora, MS Access, Visio Professional 5.0.
Cognos Controller, Frango Consolidator, Hyperion, PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle Financials, ACCPAC.
To take charge of whole group accounting functions in Singapore, China and Batam.
 Responsible for financial and management reporting for a group of subsidiaries.
 Performs financial planning and control including monthly profit and loss and cash flow forecasts.
 Analysis of financial results for reporting to management and board of director.
 Liaise with external auditors, banks and tax agent on annual statutory audit, tax filing, banking and any other compliance matters.
 Supervise a team of 5 direct and 3 indirect accounting staff.
Overall in charge of the operative financial planning for the Company and its subsidiaries. Provide support and backup of subsidiaries in Japan and Vietnam.
a) Preparation of timely and accurate operative financial planning.
Implement SembCorp Marines Group Financial Policies, Taxation Policies, Budget Guidelines & Policies, Cost Control Procedures & Policies, & In Charge of Group Finance Section activities.
a) Preparation and review of interim and yearly group consolidated financial statements to meet statutory and SGX-ST requirements and in compliance with the relevant FRS;.
b) Preparation and review of monthly group consolidation financial reports for management purposes;.
c) Coordination of the group interim and year-end closing exercise to ensure that all local and overseas subsidiaries are properly instructed on the reporting requirements for consolidation, intercompany reconciliations, changes in Singapore FRS, etc;.
d) Review & liaise with subsidiaries on Group format, reports & budgets.
f) Oversee and maintain an effective system of internal control and risk management framework.
g) Liaise with external auditors, bankers, tax and MIS consultants.
h) Review of monthly accounts of few subsidiaries within the Group.
Revenue accounting – prepare monthly financial reports for product/services & analytical review of revenue and cost trends.
Monthly consolidation of StarHub group of companies, monthly general ledger closing, preparation of financial statements for year end audit and overseeing the account payables function for direct and indirect costs.
a) Handle project costing including outsourcing, internal projects and general costing.
b) Responsible for the preparation of monthly management reports.
c) Responsible for the preparation of monthly sales forecasts.
e) Ensure timely monthly invoicing and follow up on receivables.
a) Responsible for the preparation of year-end closings - financial statements for audit.
c) Oversee day-to-day accounts payables transactions – payment to vendors, reimburse-.
d) Perform monthly accounts receivable and accounts payable closings.
e) Monitor royalties collections for projects and follow up on royalties due.
i) Prepare monthly budget statements for national level projects.
j) Manage fundings for national projects – raise fund requests to external organisations.
k) Compilation of financial statistics for National Surveys.
l) Participate in the implementation of new accounting system –Ramco e.application.
Oversee the operations and financial administration of Schools Accounts Unit, Edusave Unit and Revenue Unit (Ministry of Education).
a) Responsible for the preparation of year-end financial statement for Schools Fund and Edusave Endowment Fund;.
b) Administer the Integrated Financial Administration and Accounting System (Oracle Financials for Headquarters and Customised system for Schools) and institute financial rules and procedures for the operation of the Schools Fund;.
c) Participate in the review and enhancement of accounting systems to ensure their integrity and that they meet new requirements;.
d) Ensure that GST in respect of Schools Fund are properly accounted for and supervise the compilation and submission of GST returns to IRAS;.
e) Administer the centralised payment system at HQ to ensure payments of schools and HQ are properly accounted for and paid;.
g) Participate in the review of financial regulations in the Ministry and advise branches and schools on all revenue and GST matters;.
h) Discharge the responsibilities of the Collector of Public Money by ensuring that the revenue estimates are accurate and the revenue collection system is effective and reliable with proper accounting controls in place;.
i) Providing staff support in preparing yearly Edusave budget and Edusave Annual Report for management and public information; and.
j) Ensure the smooth administration of the Edusave Scheme and assist in policy reviews to ensure that the Scheme meets its objectives.Language Proficiency  : English, Mandarin (spoken only) and Bahasa Indonesia.
Technical knowledge  : MS office, AS400, Great Plains, Oracle &Cognos.
DNV GL Singapore Pte. Ltd.  (DNV GL Group)      Science Park, Singapore.
Perform monthly and yearly closing which includes journals (JV) processing, accrual, provision, recognition of prepayments, currency conversion, etc. for entities in Singapore, Indonesia and Australia to ensure accurate and timely reporting in compliance with the IFRS and local GAAP.
Review all inputs of vendor invoices, timesheets, and JV into accounting system to ensure accuracy and completeness.
Responsible for monthly account reconciliations for sub-ledger ensuring that all sub-ledger balances tie with trial balance.
Carry out daily tasks in compliance with internal controls for the entities.
Handle payment runs for entities of care in the Asia Pacific region (Singapore, Indonesia and Australia).
Facilitate in the annual financial audit by both internal and external auditors.
Design and coordinate the Oracle Finance Training Program and material for Global Shared Services community for the Asia Pacific region.
Deliver monthly reporting of progress against project plan and ensure escalation process.
Support detailing standard process or system change management processes in the region are integrate towards defined key process improvement.
Work collaboratively with business resources and process team members.
Demonstrate Leadership behaviours in line with our Vision, Mission and Values.
Promote and be compliant with our Quality, Health and Safety policies.
Manage and supervise the accounting team within APBU (, ,  and ).
Review and ensure compliance with company policies and standard operating procedures, statutory regulations and accounting and reporting requirements.
Assisting in the Human Resources process for  for payroll function.
Assisting the BU Controller to provide monthly variance analysis for Corporate reporting.
Ensuring that journal entries, ledger accounts reconciliations, record of assets/liabilities and other financial transactions are duly performed.
Assisting to collate data for tax reporting purpose (both internal and external).
Ensuring the deadline for monthly financial closing process.
Responsible for reviewing and analyzing the financial and management accounts.
Assisting the BU Controller to monitor activities are in compliance with Sarbane-Oxley Acts’ and US GAAP requirements.
Liaise with external auditors, bankers, tax agents and secretarial agents.
Maintain Full Set of accounts running under accounting system called FACT (computerized accounting system).
Left Asprecise as the result of company facing financial difficulty.
Maintaining company’s built in accounting system MYOB (computerized accounting system).
Entering account payable, account receivable and cash/cheque payments into the MYOB.
Preparing and generating company’s financial report, such as, Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss Statement, from MYOB.
Preparing expatriate field expense report and following up with accounting department in the Houston Head Office.
Assisting the Senior Accountant in calculating company’s tax.Gamevil SEA is a subsidiary of Gamevil Inc. which is a public company based in Seoul and Los Angeles, California. GAMEVIL has earned a reputation as one of the best companies in the mobile games sector by crafting award winners in a diverse portfolio of games.  GAMEVIL is well known for revolutionizing the sector with its original and innovative mobile games.
Follow the Singapore Financial Reporting Standard to build and manage the accounting system and implementation measures for company;.
In charge of 5 countries’ accounts: Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia, setup the accounting system in Singapore office as headquarter in Southeast Asia, and responsible for setting up the representative offices in Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, branch office in Thailand.
Successfully setup representative office in Indonesia, Vietnam and Malaysia, and branch office in Thailand is in processing.
Create the accounting and payroll systems in other SEA countries: Vietnam, Indonesia and Malaysia. Monitor the general managers’ accounting and payroll job and undertake the organization of training for them to improve their work capacities in SEA offices; etc.
All accounting related duties including daily reporting, cash management, staff and marketing payments including substantial administration and also legal and tax work in multiple countries.
Be responsible for the preparation of financial statements including classified income statements, subsidiary report, consolidate package, cost allocation report, marketing expense reports, management accounts, payroll report and so on, and hand in them to USA office and Korean office;.
Put forward effective accounting advice with reference for superiors though analyzing the financial statements and reports;.
Deal with various tax affairs, such as PIC cash payout, income tax computation, withholding tax for Singapore, Indonesia, etc.
Prepare annual management accounts including budget and cash-flow forecasting and next year plans.
Act as Liaison with external auditors for half of year review and statutory audit as well as tax authority.
Maintain professional and technical knowledge by research; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies and seminars.
Provide ideas and advise on the games services and business to improve GAMEVIL’s position and performance overall.
Liaise with bankers for all financial operations of the company.
Direct and coordinate company financial planning and budget management functions.
Analysis for variances in revenue, cost and profit/loss to provide insight to the performance of the business.
Accountant, Zhong Cheng Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd.
● Prepare a thorough understanding of the financial reporting and general ledger structure.
● Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end closed.
● Filling of quarterly GST F5 return for related 4 companies.
● Application and submission of employment income yearly for related 4 companies.
● Cost control and analysis of material purchasing of each project.
● Work with retained CPA firm to ensure a clean and timely year end audit.
● Monitor and analyse department work to development more efficient procedures and use of resources while maintaining a high level of accuracy.
● Interpret various accounting data, analyses report and recommends or initiates actions to be taken.
●   In charge of full set of various industries accounts on monthly, quarterly and yearly basis.
●   Prepare financial statement for the corporation management.
●   To assist, under supervision, with a variety of external audit.
●   Review a corporation’s financial reporting systems and policies, ensure that the accounting report are accurate, complete, and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
●   Review a firm’s internal control and procedures. Ensure that these procedures are effective, adequate and conform with industry practices, corporate policies, regulatory guidelines and generally accepted auditing standards.
●   Use Quickbook accounting software and Peachtree Software.
●   Assist Accountant in other accounting duties when assigned.
Prepare monthly billing (debit note) to Unico Distribution Services and intercompany.
Quarterly business action plan – endorsement for advertisement & promotion expenses and operation expenses.
Yearly business plan –endorsement for advertisement & promotion expenses and Operation expenses.
Ongoing professional development through seminars in accounting, tax and employment law;.
2016 - Tax Updates in Malaysia – Analysis of budget 2017 and Other updates.
2016 – Accounting for Consolidation Procedures: Case Studies and Journal Entries.
2016 – Ethical Issues & Updates in Cross-border Tax and International Transfer Pricing.
2016 – Understanding Indonesia Investment & Employment Law.
Corporate accounting professional with extensive experience across a wide range of companies. Highly adept at the implementation and management of accounting systems and procedures.
Corporate accounting professional with extensive experience across a wide range of companies. Highly adept at the implementation and management of accounting systems and procedures.
Corporate accounting professional with extensive experience across a wide range of companies. Highly adept at the implementation and management of accounting systems and procedures.
Corporate accounting professional with extensive experience across a wide range of companies. Highly adept at the implementation and management of accounting systems and procedures.
Ability to compile, verify, analyse, interpret and disseminate critical financial data (actual, forecast and budgeted) to all major stakeholders and in multiple currencies in according to Singapore FRS. Experienced in setting up new representative offices and branch offices in SEA and implementation the accounting, tax and payroll system in SEA countries. Competent in statutory reporting and tax related matters in Singapore and SEA. Knowledge of EPF, SHUI, BPJS, withholding tax, salary tax, VAT, service tax in SEA.
Successful implementation, analysis and management of accounting systems and procedures in newly started company in Singapore and SEA including systems integration and staff training.
Communicate effectively to build relationships both internally and externally, develop strategic partnerships and provide advice at all levels of management. Proactive leadership style to meet strict deadlines and maintain a team under pressure. Proficiency in English and Mandarin.
Ability to compile, verify, analyse, interpret and disseminate critical financial data (actual, forecast and budgeted) to all major stakeholders and in multiple currencies in according to Singapore FRS. Experienced in setting up new representative offices and branch offices in SEA and implementation the accounting, tax and payroll system in SEA countries. Competent in statutory reporting and tax related matters in Singapore and SEA. Knowledge of EPF, SHUI, BPJS, withholding tax, salary tax, VAT, service tax in SEA.
Successful implementation, analysis and management of accounting systems and procedures in newly started company in Singapore and SEA including systems integration and staff training.
Communicate effectively to build relationships both internally and externally, develop strategic partnerships and provide advice at all levels of management. Proactive leadership style to meet strict deadlines and maintain a team under pressure. Proficiency in English and Mandarin.
Ability to compile, verify, analyse, interpret and disseminate critical financial data (actual, forecast and budgeted) to all major stakeholders and in multiple currencies in according to Singapore FRS. Experienced in setting up new representative offices and branch offices in SEA and implementation the accounting, tax and payroll system in SEA countries. Competent in statutory reporting and tax related matters in Singapore and SEA. Knowledge of EPF, SHUI, BPJS, withholding tax, salary tax, VAT, service tax in SEA.
Successful implementation, analysis and management of accounting systems and procedures in newly started company in Singapore and SEA including systems integration and staff training.
Communicate effectively to build relationships both internally and externally, develop strategic partnerships and provide advice at all levels of management. Proactive leadership style to meet strict deadlines and maintain a team under pressure. Proficiency in English and Mandarin.
Ability to compile, verify, analyse, interpret and disseminate critical financial data (actual, forecast and budgeted) to all major stakeholders and in multiple currencies in according to Singapore FRS. Experienced in setting up new representative offices and branch offices in SEA and implementation the accounting, tax and payroll system in SEA countries. Competent in statutory reporting and tax related matters in Singapore and SEA. Knowledge of EPF, SHUI, BPJS, withholding tax, salary tax, VAT, service tax in SEA.
Successful implementation, analysis and management of accounting systems and procedures in newly started company in Singapore and SEA including systems integration and staff training.
Communicate effectively to build relationships both internally and externally, develop strategic partnerships and provide advice at all levels of management. Proactive leadership style to meet strict deadlines and maintain a team under pressure. Proficiency in English and Mandarin.To seek for a challenging and fulfilling career in a dynamic environment with a long-term horizon.
Graduated from the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.
20 years of post-graduation experience in finance, accounting, audit and corporate office operations.
Success oriented with high energy, dedicated and with a positive attitude. Able to work under strict deadline schedules with attention to detail. Communicate effectively with all level of management in a highly professional and diplomatic manner. A problem solver equipped with ability to work independently. A team player, I am operationally hands on, result oriented and able to work under pressure.
namely in Trading, Retail, Food & Beverage, Civil & Engineering, Manufacturing, as well as Warehousing & Logistics.
Full spectrum of financial and management accounting; corporate governance; statutory and regulatory compliance matters within the Group.
Reason for leaving: Private arrangement with major shareholder.
As an integral member of the senior management team I was their business partner and provide financial support to the regional team.
Responsible for the preparation, consolidation, analysis and reporting of all financial statements for the group and its overseas subsidiaries in the China. Namely in Tianjin, Dubai and Hunan.
Responsible for managing and forecasting cash, funding requirements, treasury and working capital of the Group.
Resolution of operational issues between finance and other functional departments including business process improvements.
Liaise with external auditors (regional audit), corporate secretary, lawyers, tax agents and bankers.
Manage tax, treasury, internal audit and all third party professional relationships.
Assist in financial assessment with involvement in due diligence process and strategic decision-making.
Involvement in M&A activities and was in the lead role of the functional integration team.
Drove improvements in reporting and analysis to enhance visibility of the end to end profitability of the businesses.
Oversee all financial and management accounting; corporate governance; treasury; listing, statutory and regulatory compliance matters within the Group.
Business partner to key management and take full responsibility for the finance and accounting activities for the company at the Group and operational levels.
Responsibility for risk management & controls, managing relationships with banks, as well as investor relations.
Responsible for budgeting and forecasting, financial analysis, strategic planning and take the lead on change management activities for the finance team, and have a large involvement in ad hoc projects as required.
Involvement in M&A activities and was in the lead role of the functional integration team.
Drove improvements in reporting and analysis to enhance visibility of the end to end profitability of the businesses.
Monitor and control risks, including managing red projects and minimizing negative financial impacts.
Improved business performances through a series of cost-cutting initiatives and instituting the credit control function.
Developed a standardized reporting package to facilitate better accountability for management.
Reason for leaving: Changes in key management and structure.
Develop the annual budget plan and oversee the implementation of agreed financial plans, interpret operating results, analyze key performance metrics and provide business decision support to all functions.
Responsible for the preparation, consolidation, analysis and reporting of all financial statements for the group and its overseas subsidiaries. Namely in Malaysia – Johor Bahru & Kuala Lumpur, Indonesia - Jakarta and China – Beijing & Shanghai. Overall responsibility for all aspects of the regional finance team.
Responsible for managing and forecasting cash, funding requirements, treasury and working capital of the Group.
Resolution of operational issues between finance and other functional departments including business process improvements.
Manage tax, treasury, internal audit and all third party professional relationships.
Assist in financial assessment with involvement in due diligence process and strategic decision-making.
Involved in M&A activities and was part of the functional integration team.
Led the cash management initiative & enhanced reporting framework for the group.
Reason for leaving: Major management reshufflement due to acquisition by a major shareholder.
Responsible for the preparation, consolidation, analysis and reporting of all financial statements for the group and its overseas subsidiaries in the Asia Pacific region. Namely in Shanghai, Brisbane, KL & Vietnam.
Partner with senior management to provide meaningful financial information for strategic and operational decision making.
Ensure the success of the day to day financial operations of the organization including accounts receivables, accounts payable, billing, general ledger, financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting.
Developing financial policies, methods, procedures, strong internal controls and ensuring compliance with international accounting standards and local reporting requirements.
Ensuring compliance as well as supervising the formulation of annual budgets and operating forecasts for overseas subsidiaries as well as support the growth and regionalization of the business.
Responsible for managing and forecasting cash, funding requirements, treasury and working capital of the Group as well as serving as interface for tax related matters.
Monitor and evaluate key performance indicators (KPI) for management reporting, review and analysis of the company performance.
Resolution of operational issues between finance and other functional departments.
Manages human resource and admin team and maintenance of good corporate governance processes.
Liaise with external auditors (responsible for regional audit process) and bankers.
Formulate, review and implement financial policies and programmes.
Prepare and analyze financial and management reports, including variance analysis, forecasts & cost control.
Plan, forecast and monitor cash-flows (credit control) and expenditure (cost control).
Review and analysis of performance cum inter-company reconciliation.
Design and continually review computerized financial and accounting systems and procedures.
Timely provision of management reports for business decisions to be made vs budgeted reports.
Preparation of financial reports and statements of three companies in compliance with company and statutory regulations.
Led in the overall improvement of the group cash flow management.
Preparation of financial reports and statements including Group consolidation.
Preparation and review of regular management reports to Germany (provide to Corporate for head-office compilation & tax filings cum planning).
Involvement in annual budgeting and ad hoc project cost analysis.
Review and analysis of strategy planning from Asia’s subsidiaries.
Management of bank balances cum debts collection and financing within the group involving cash-flow analysis.
Review and analysis of performance cum inter-company reconciliation and preparation of quarterly GST returns.
Review financial and operational controls and procedures & inventory related transactions.
Responsible for maintaining accounting systems-SAP (FI Module).
Tax compliance and other financial matters (China Rep Office & Indonesia Subsidiary) assigned – occasional travelling was required.
Administering Human Resource functions, payroll and overall office matters.
Liaise with both internal & external auditors, bankers, tax consultants, solicitor and company secretarial matters.
Coordinated in the implementation of SAP and the setting up of accounting structure.
Spearheaded the implementation of SAP and was in the lead role of the functional integration team.
Performed audit on the accounts of private limited companies in accordance with approved auditing standards and guidelines and to ensure that the accounts are in compliance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act and Statement of Accounting Standards as adopted by the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore.
Supervised and reviewed audit works done by junior staff; guided and provided on the job training to new audit trainees.
Reviewed and appraised the effectiveness of client’s internal controls system and make recommendations on improvement measures.
Performed independently entire financial audit in fields of manufacturing, trading, investment holding, construction, engineering, distribution and services;.
Prepare financial reports including statement of cash-flows and consolidation of accounts;.
Perform corporate tax computation and deferred taxation; perform variation analysis; and ad hoc assignment by rendering accountancy services.
2004 Non-Practicing Member of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore with effect from 21 July 2004.• Specialised in performing annual statutory audits for Small Medium Enterprises, Non-Profit-Organisation (“NPO”) and subsidiaries of overseas MNCs from USA, Switzerland, United Kingdom and Australia.
• Experienced in performing audits for companies listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange (Mainboard).
• Audit clients included industries from, shipping, manufacturing, fund management, construction, general distribution.
• Experienced in completing consolidations regularly for clients with complex set-ups.
• Ensure client is in compliance with the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards, Company’s Act, Income Tax Act and other relevant Singapore Statutes applicable to the organization.
• Supervising an audit team of at least six in the professional, technical and personal aspects and provide extensive guidance to the team via On-the-Job-Training.
• Always maintaining a hands – on approach on all duties assigned, delegating within the team to ensure the end results are achieved.
• Assist Partners and Managers in sourcing for technical accounting information to resolve identified and contentious issues.
• Assisting audit clients in drafting and reviewing their financial statements.
• Assist clients on completion of reporting packages especially for tight and urgent deadlines.
• Regularly responding to audit clients’ queries on updates in the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and the Company’s Act.
• Multi – tasking under pressure with tight and multiple deadlines especially during peak seasons.
• Coordinating and prioritizing audit schedules with limited resources for client portfolio.
• Assisted as Reporting Accountants for clients who intend to become publicly listed.
• Promoted to Audit Manager within five years of joining the firm.
• Headed a team comprising of 6 members ranging from assistants to seniors.
• Able to work in a stressful environment with immense pressures and under extremely tight deadlines often successfully completing audits within deadlines.
• Exposed to a diversified range of industries, with portfolios including industries in healthcare, construction, shipping, manufacturing, trading and NPO’s.
• Able to manage assigned audit clients and maintain good professional relations with them.
• Successfully completed auditing and consolidating the firm’s second largest listed company within two months which included 25 local entities and 19 foreign entities.
• Entrusted with one of the firm’s largest group consolidation which includes almost forty entities, within ten months of employment.
• Twice involved in the public listing process on the SESDAQ for one of our audit clients, who was listed successfully.
• Regarded as professional, mature, meticulous, diligent with a good head for numbers.
Assisting the Head of Finance in planning and managing the monthly / interim financial reporting processes which includes:.
• Co-ordinate and oversee the monthly reporting of all Asia Pacific entities to ensure accuracy and timeliness of reporting to Aberdeen parent company.
• Ensuring compliance with internal and regulatory policies, procedures and internal controls.
• Provide technical expertise and advise on adhoc basis for more complex accounting issues within Asia Pacific.
• Assist in the supervision of 3 finance staff (Local team of 10 staff with 3 direct reports).
• Meet all regulatory and Group’s reporting requirements and ensure timeliness and accuracy of monthly/interim accounts close Singapore, China and South Korea entities, which includes:.
- Financial reporting to Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) for Singapore Capital Markets Services Licence on quarterly and annual basis as required;.
- Working with Legal team to ensure timely filing of all statutory reports with the local regulatory authorities (e.g. ACRA and equivalent in other countries);.
- Liaising with overseas service providers for accounting/tax services on monthly accounts;.
- Ensure detailed and accurate schedules are maintained for audit & tax purposes;.
- Liaising with local and overseas auditors/tax agents on any adhoc queries;.
- Preparation / review of local and overseas statutory financial statements;.
- Review corporate tax return workings with tax manager in preparation for interim / statutory reporting; and.
- All other adhoc financial reporting (e.g. Singapore Statistics).
• Work closely with Legal team and other relevant business units to review and contribute to the drafting of sound commercial agreements (e.g. Investment Management Agreements, Distribution Agreements, intercompany agreements etc.).
• Perform monthly analysis on the business performance and suggest implications.
Leading a team of 7 individuals, my key responsibilities are:.
* Manage and coordinate Corporate Finance Department operations, financial and budget management of the Group, which includes more than subsidiaries.
* Establish financial and internal control policies and procedures, and ensure regulatory compliance to SGX rules, company and tax laws and conformance to accounting standards which includes SFRS/HK GAAP/Malaysia FRS/IFRS.
* Responsible for group consolidation, analyzing and reporting monthly performance, annual budgets and forecasts of the Group.
* Treasury and cash flow forecast, working capital monitoring and management of the Group in excess of S$80 million with relevant exposure to corporate capital fund raising programs (e.g. convertible bonds, medium-term- notes, credit facilities).
* Manage the Group’s held-for-trading financial assets, in excess of S$40 million; Monitor the equity market and report back to Group CFO with make appropriate proposals on investment / divestment decisions.
* Preparation of results announcements for SGX reporting and any other routine announcements.
* Preparation of ARA Group Financial Statements, Code of Corporate Governance Report and all related circulars in preparation for the Company’s Annual Report.
* Meet all regulatory reporting requirements and ensure timeliness and accuracy of monthly/quarterly/annual closure for all local and overseas companies’, which includes:.
* Co-ordinating the annual and quarterly audit and tax activities process;.
* Liaising with both local and overseas auditors/tax agent on audit/tax queries;.
* Preparation and review of financial statements, segmental analysis and notes to the accounts in line with SFRS/HKFRS/IFRS;.
* Ensuring the timely filing of all statutory reports with the local regulatory authorities (e.g. ACRA);.
* Financial reporting to Monetary Authority of Singapore for Singapore REIT Managers; and.
* Financial reporting for the Hong Kong REIT Managers which are licensed under Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong.
* Review of payment vouchers, cheques and invoices as part of day-to-day operations;.
* Review of monthly employees business and travel claims to ensure in compliance with employee handbook administered by Human Resource Department;.
* All subsidiaries’ management accounts, which include fair value measurements and foreign currency cashflow hedging entries;.
* Inter-company reconciliations to ensure no out-of-balance and propose offsetting intercompany adjustments (where appropriate and efficient);.
* Monthly sub-group level consolidation and overall Group consolidation results;.
* Any other unusual fluctuations requiring further enquiry and review.
* Maintain positive working relationships and negotiate overdraft and financing terms with bankers.
* Liaise directly with corporate secretaries, bankers, lawyers and other professionals for ad-hoc projects as assigned by the Group CFO.
* Successfully completed an S$100 million financing for the Group within 3 months.
* Responsible for liaising with vendors for the review of the various accounting and consolidation software for implementation across all business units within 6 months of join date.
* Hands-on, meticulous, diligent and ability to multi-task and prioritise in meeting 100% of the deadlines with a high level of accuracy.
Reporting to the Group Financial Contoller, my key responsibilities are:.
• Providing support to the Group Financial Controller and to the Senior Management in strategic business planning, management and controls.
• Preparation of formal paper write ups for submission to the Board of Directors for approval according to the Group’s corporate governance policies and investment risk management policies.
• Provide financial support and advice to all business units and work directly with the business and operation department heads to resolve all operational issues that arise on a day-to-day basis.
• Review, design, implement and streamline operational workflow and effective internal control systems for new retail operations and onsite print stations.
• Responsible for credit reviews and approvals for new and existing customers to manage and reduce the company’s credit risk exposure by 8%.
• Ensure credit controls and policies are adhered to according to the Group’s financial policies.
• Participate in credit review and arrear management meetings and advise sales directors on credit controls strategy and legal alternative in handling default.
• Ensure statutory, accounting standards and Singapore Stock Exchange (“SGX”) compliance are adhered to at all times.
• Review of weekly financial reports for projects with unusual gross profit margins and investigate reasons behind the deviation.
• Responsible for all group taxation matters, including corporate tax, GST, withholding tax, and preparation of transfer pricing agreements to ensure compliance.
• Liaise directly with external and internal auditors, corporate secretaries, bankers, lawyers and other professionals for ad-hoc projects as assigned by senior management.
• Lead the finance department and be responsible for financial and management accounting, budgeting, variance analysis and statutory reporting on a timely and accurate basis.
• Regular co-ordination and perform consolidation of the Group accounts for reporting to Senior Management and Directors and for quarterly announcements to SGX.
• Assist the Group Financial Controller in quarterly announcements to SGX, preparing and submitting formal papers to the Board of Directors for their consideration and approvals.
• Perform monthly reviews of financial performance of Print Stations within the Group which are located In Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Vietnam and Philippines.
• Hands-on experience in completion full sets of accounts for investment holding entity which includes General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivables and GST submission.
• Coordinated the work schedules of the department to suit finance operations for both Group and the Singapore Subsidiary.
• Specialised in performing annual statutory audits for Small Medium Enterprises (‘SMEs’) and Non-Profit-Organisation (“NPO”).
• Experienced in performing audits for companies listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange (Mainboard).
• Assist Partners and Managers in sourcing for technical accounting information to resolve identified issues.
• Ensure client is in compliance with the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards, Company’s Act, Income Tax Act and other relevant Singapore Statutes applicable to the organization.
• Performing consolidations regularly for clients with complex set-ups.
• Assisted as Reporting Accountants for clients who intend to become publicly listed.
• Assisting audit clients in drafting and reviewing their financial statements.
• Assist clients on completion of reporting packages especially for tight and urgent deadlines.
• Regularly responding to audit clients’ queries on updates in the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and the Company’s Act.
• Assist Audit Partners and Directors in managing and supervising the audit team in the professional, technical and personal aspects.
• Provide extensive guidance to the team via On-the-Job-Training.
• Always maintaining a hands – on approach on all duties assigned, delegating within the team to ensure the end results are achieved.
• Multi – tasking under pressure with tight and multiple deadlines especially during peak seasons.
• Coordinating and prioritizing audit schedules with limited resources for client portfolio.
• Provide feedback to management on areas for improvement during monthly management meetings.Accountability for the financial results of the company and reporting of those results in a value added manner to the Management team, Managing Director and Head office.
Ensure financial health of the company through proper financial management and proactively identify areas of improvement, risk and opportunity.
Implement and embedding of controls, compliance and ethic agenda.
Business-Partnering the various departments to ensure a smooth overall financial & Operation management within the company.
Responsible for coordinating month-end closing within finance associates and company Business Center.
Providing support, guidance and oversight to the finance associates in financial, accounting, treasury and legal matters and other special projects to assist in achieving overall objectives.
Improves accounting competitiveness and customer satisfaction by driving continuous improvement activities and inspiring innovations of ingenious services, solutions and processes.
Ensure timely, accurate and compliant statutory reporting as well as compliance with all legal, statutory regulations, audit and tax requirements.
Leading the preparation and timely submission of accurate statutory reports.
Overseeing and implementing an appropriate system of policies, internal controls, accounting standards and procedures in accordance with the internationally and nationally relevant regulatory laws.
Oversee the treasury and banking activities within the overall company treasury relationships and guidance.
Manage cash flow forecast, foreign exchange and requirements of the business operations.
Perform Management Accounting activities consist of finalize monthly/ Quarterly/ half yearly Account, Performance Reviews, Projection, Cash Flow and Budgeting.
Coordinating & preparation of Annual Budget and Projection.
Attend to all internal and external audit matters including (1) preparation of audit schedules (2) Attend to auditors’ queries (3) Follow up outstanding action items and update internal audit action plan.
Monthly payroll processing and Human Resource administration.
Ensure proper local corporate & Employee group insurance programs are in place.
Manage & supervise a team of personnel on the Finance, Account, HR. IT & Admin and Warehouse.
Day-to-day control and running of finance, Account, Admin, HR and IT department.
Provide leadership and direction related to business & financial procedures and policy issues.
Oversee banking facilities, monitor cash flow and collection matter.
System Study, implementation and improvement of Accounting & Inventory System cum maintaining Corporate Policies & Procedures and  Internal Controls.
Adhoc report and project assign by superior (establish new company/ set-up new branch/ ERP system implementation and etc).
Handle Full set of Account for multi clients (Construction, Textile, Transportation, Designer & Frozen Food industry) and Cash Flow forecast.
System Study and Implementation of Accounting Policies, Procedures and  Internal Controls.
Monitor Financial Performance and establish remedial suggestions.
Responsible for the System Implementation Support involve in Reconciliation of Inventory & Stock Valuation, Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss account for the Parallel running of the existing and new accounting system (Migration of Sun System to Navision System) & Assisting Senior Financial Accountant in Budgeting, Costing & Forecasting.
Work in a team with the Outsource System consultant during the System Study & Implementation.
Handling full set account for clients focused on the following industries: Textile Marketing, Trading, Construction, Transportation, Hospitality & Tourism; and Corporate account.
Responsible for account receivable, account payable, general ledger and cash book and filing.
Preparing financial report to be reported to reported manager.
Responsible for corporate payroll and submission of monthly Statutory Report.
Dealing with tax officers’ and  auditors’ on behalf of clients.
Collecting and recording of premium collection from policyholder through mail.
Processing of daily checks, online and standing instructions of premium payment.
Daily and monthly bank reconciliation for all branches and head office.
Printing of daily receipt and reminder notice to policyholder.
Handling query or complaint from customer service department.
Sam & Co. Public Accountants, Audit firm-Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Skills and Strength I have a good computer skill in Accounting, Inventory, Invoicing.
System, Auditing Knowledge and competent user of Microsoft.
Ability to work independently to meet target deadline or result.Financial management professional, worked almost 20 years in financial positions, playing key role in preparing senior management strategic plans, providing financial analysis and leadership. Implemented balanced and sound strategies while ensuring financial sustainability.
Appealed and recomputed tax for 5 years tax revision for Kelab Golf Perkhidmatan Awam Malaysia. LHDN agreed with the recomputed tax figure and reduced the Club's tax by RM487,162.80.Subsequently, LHDN refund overpayment of tax by RM791,347.75.
Appealed for penalty reduction on late payment of service tax to Custom.  Custom agreed to waive 50% penalty and subsequently refund RM429,345.20.
Liaison with LHDN personnel during tax investigation exercise and successfully close the case.
Admin & Finance Manager (Head of Accounting & Admin Department which consist of Accounting section, Membership Section, HR section and Admin Section).
Prepare and liaison with external auditor on audited financial statement.
Assist in preparing annual report to be submitted to the Club's members.
Prepare annual budget to be presented to the General Committee.
Prepare financial report or reports requested by Management to be presented to The General Committee Meeting.
Coordinate the Annual General Meeting or Extraordinary General Meeting.
Plan, supervise Implementations and tested fixed asset system and GST system to ensure the upgraded systems met requirement.
Ensure all transactions with members are updated timely before closing month end account.
Informed management on member's aging and action to be taken for credit control exercise.
Train and expose staff on the basic accounting system and membership system.
Michigan Properties (M) Sdn Bhd and Tar Villas Management Sdn  Bhd.
A property developer company and service management company.
Assisting directors in managing property development project at TAR Villas Ampang.
Evaluate tender and quotations, and recommend selection of contractors to award contract.
Supervise bi weekly consultants and contractors meeting and ensure that both consultants and contractors completed jobs according to instruction given during the meeting.
Evaluate cost submitted by contractors and recommend payment to each contractor.
Issue instruction to Architect to issue Certificate of payment once directors approved payment recommendation.
Carried out site measurement to ensure contractors’ claims are tallied with actual construction stage.
Liaise directly with Inland Revenue Investigating officer and prepare documentations as requested by Inland Revenue.
Prepare appeal letter and arrange meeting with Inland Revenue director for discount.
Prepare 7 years Capital statement for directors as requested by Inland Revenue.
Liaise directly with Inland Revenue’s investigating officers.
TAR Villas residents consists of successful business elites, politicians, professionals and expatriates.
Liaise with TAR Villas’s residents with regards to security and neighborhood issues.
Review, enhance and implement finance policy and internal control procedure.
Process, validate and approve payment and receipt vouchers.
Ensure all expenses are properly taken up, supporting documents are attached for verification and the expenses and revenue are booked into proper accounts.
Review and verify salary expenses, ensure payment to KWSP, SOCSO, LHDN & zakat are paid within the time frame.
Prepare yearly financial statement to be audited by auditor.
Liaise with external auditor from beginning of audit process until finalization of accounts.
The RM27million tar villas project cost was self financed by directors/ shareholders and purchasers.
Advice directors on amount of financial required from time to time, ensuring all contractors are paid timely.
the project. The local authorities include Majlis Perbandaran Ampang Jaya, Syabas, Tenaga Nasional and Telekom.
Check building defects and instruct contractors to rectify them.
An education company which is funded by RM500m endowment from Bank Negara Malaysia.
Negotiate the best rate of return with Banks for placement of fund in special investment account as when required.
Liaison with bankers for all matters pertaining to fund management.
Plan, evaluate and implement UBS computerized accounting system.
Design budget process, plan, implement, supervise and consolidate budget requirement  for year 2007 (first year detail budget).
Prepare final budget report for tabulation to Finance Committee and Board of Director for approval.
Monitoring of approved budget allocation to ensure efficient used of funds based on the approved limit.
Review, enhance and implement finance policy and internal control procedure.
Process, validate and approve payment and receipt vouchers.
Ensure all expenses are properly taken up, supporting documents are attached for verification and the expenses and revenue are booked into proper accounts.
Review and verify salary expenses, ensure payment to KWSP, SOCSO, LHDN & zakat are paid within the time frame.
Drafting first year financial statement to be audited by auditor.
Liaise with external auditor from beginning of audit process until finalization of accounts.
Prepare monthly management account to be submitted to Bank Negara Malaysia, Finance Committee and Executive Committee.
Liaise with LHDN for all matters regarding tax, namely request for tax exemption, registration, tax appeal letter.
Liaison with banks for opening bank accounts such as current account, overdraft account, special investment account and foreign bank account.
Liaison with bank for implementation of internet banking, credit card facilities and on-line payment.
Monitor and verify inter company transfer of funds both in local and oversea banks (payment of staff salary/honorarium).
A property developer company with a diversified business such as in oil palm plantation, logistic and warehousing.
Process, validate and approve payment and receipt vouchers.
Ensure all expenses are properly taken up, supporting documents are attached for verification and the expenses and revenue are booed into proper accounts.
Review and analyses monthly profit and loss accounts submitted by associate companies.
Review consolidated account prepared by auditor in draft accounts.
Taxation for both Malaysian government and Australian government.
Prepare tax estimation for all companies in the group and submit to directors for approval.
Review tax estimation with actual performance after 6/9 months period. Propose revise tax estimation if necessary and submit form CP204A.
Liaise with LHDN’s officer on issues related to tax such as prepare tax appeal letter, request for tax refund and tax credit.
Prepare form C and R (income tax return) for semi active companies.
Prepare and submit quarterly good service tax statement to Australia’s Tax Authority.
Prepare good service tax computation under  margin scheme method and advice director  accordingly on how much tax to be paid for each unit of property sold in Australia.
Liaison with banks for opening bank accounts such as current account, overdraft account, term loan account, housing development account and foreign bank account.
Liaison with bank on loan restructuring such as request for loan extension, request for reduction in interest rates, settlement of loan account and refinancing loan.
Monitor and verify inter company transfer of funds both in local and oversea banks.
Liaison with lawyer on loan documentation and discharge of security upon settlement of loan account.
Liaison with lawyer on sale and purchase agreement on both properties sold and properties purchased.
Liaison with lawyer on issue related to business operation.
Liaison with company secretary corporate matter such as on appointment of directors and resignation of directors, group restructuring (creation of holding and subsidiaries companies), formation of new company, increased in authorized and paid up capital and submission of companies’ annual return.
Set up computerized accounting system in new establish companies.
Monitor director’s personal investment such as opening CDS account, transfer shares and review statement from Bursa Kuala Lumpur.
Liaison with local authority for approval of company project.
Liaison with property agent for property valuation and property rental.
Fixed asset management. Ensure all properties are properly insured, quit rent, assessment fees, Indah Water bills and property service maintenance are paid on time.
Draw chart on clients approval and procedure policy for asset purchase, expenses and revenue and conduct samples on these activities randomly to ensure practical purchase of assets, expenses and revenue recognition is carried out according to companies’ manual policy. Highlight to client management on findings.
Plan, monitor and supervise works carried out by audit juniors.
Train audit juniors to upgrade their audit work quality and techniques.
Review company’s secretarial books such as minutes books and directors books.
Conduct audit in both public listed companies and non- public listed companies in following industries:.
Balance sheet, cash flow and profit forecast review for companies going to be listed.
Involve in due diligence exercise for a company takes over another companies.
Involve in high level review exercise involving government subsidiaries and proposed for debt restructuring exercise.
Involve in payroll investigation activity for client to ensure payment to staff is properly authorized, checking human resource system to ensure calculation on overtime and  allowance are according to requirement and prepare report  based on findings.
Involve in special review on client performance and make recommendation on how to improve business activities.
Association of Certified Chartered Accountants (UK)  - ACCA.
Bachelor of Accountancy from University of Dundee, Scotland.Position as an Accountant /Managerial/high level with an established well know organization with opportunities for advancement.
Language :  Bahasa Malaysia/English – Proficient (both oral & written).
2004 – 2006                  : Completed of Professional Part 1 & Part 2 from Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) – UK at Universiti Teknologi Mara, Shah Alam.
2002 – 2003   :   Posses of Certified Accounting Technicians (CAT) UK at Universiti Teknologi Mara, Shah Alam.
1991 – 1992                  :  Posses of 3rd Level Group Diploma in Accounting at London Chamber of Commerce And Industry (LCCI) at Systematic  College, Kuala Lumpur.
1984 - 1988  :  Posses of SPM Grade 2 & SRP Grade A at Sek. Men. Abu Bakar, Temerloh, Pahang Darul Makmur.
Address of Company :  10-G-1, Jalan Kenanga ½, Taman Kenanga, Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi, 43900 Sepang, Selangor.
Head the Corporate Finance Department (CFD) through overall day to day supervision and constantly look for ways to strengthen overall financial performance.
Reporting duties direct to Finance Committee Members of Company, BOD & Chairman.
Manage and Control all banking transactions including but not limited to the following specific duties: preparation and verification of bank Reconciliation Statements to ensure correctness of fund position, preparation of weekly and monthly cash flow position (actual and estimates) to pre-determine fund requirements, placement of excess funds in Fixed deposits or other interest bearing instruments etc.
Periodic checking of accounting entries to ensure timeliness and correctness.
Monthly test checking of accounting of monthly financial statements and cash flow and preparation of useful analysis for presentation to the Finance Committee.
Preparation and presentation of Annual Budgets Report and other relevant Forecast with periodic follow up controls.
Develop and manage external financial relationships with bankers, Auditors, Tax Advisor and Company Secretary on the relevant issues that need to be addressed including rectifying, upgrading and implementing corporate and financial policies and practices.
Conduct periodic departmental meetings for trouble shootings, work improvements and strengthening inter-departmental relations and coordination.
Conduct various authorization and verification on relevant documents as specified and required under the Company’s rules and regulations.
Represent the CFD in the relevant Company meetings as required.
Coordinate with the Company Secretary on Corporate matters such as : Directors Resolutions, Annual Returns, Dividend Warrant, Change of the Company’s relevant Form such as Form 24, 49, 49A, SSM and others.
Liaise with Tax Advisor regarding on preparation of Company Income Tax Assessment, Provision of Income Tax and Taxation.
Monthly checking on the payroll summary listing and the authorize person to do payroll monthly payroll functions for 100+ employees transaction using biz channel.
Authorized person for any payroll relevant documentations or forms belong to company such as EPF, PCB Income Tax, Socso, PTPTN, SSPN, Zakat, LUTH & GST submission.
Handled complete to re-structures bad lock in accounting transaction and past record for companies.
Create of budgets module and forecasts module for the company.
Successfully to get the FD Interest in negotiations with banker and gaining the better interest rate. (from 3% per annum to 3.2% per annum).
Successfully to get a  letter offer of Banking Facility amounted RM1.5m with amounting of RM750k of FD’s as security.( based on pledge 1:2).
Successfully to get a letter offer of Banking Facility amounted RM2.8m with two bankers for purchased of land with Lembaga Tabung Haji.
Any other duties assigned by the Board of Directors and/or the Finance Committee Members.
Address of Company  :  No.15-4-4, Block B, Megan Salak Park, Jalan 1/125E, Taman Desa Petaling, 57100 Kuala Lumpur.
Reporting duties direct to General Manager-Finance & Managing Director.
In charge of accounting operation department for 51 projects (condominium) for monthly management accounts, payment & financial tasks.
Attending meetings with clients for accounts & financial purposes, status, ad-hoc & etc.
To manage, supervise & instruct to accounting’s staff to follow & achieve dateline target.
Prepare, plan control, analyses and maintain the project management accounts, cash flow and financing of client accounts.
In charge of 10 critical projects accounts- Income Expenditure, Balance Sheet, Note of Accounts & Bank reconciliation & Sinking Fund.
To resolve any accounting issues relating to systems, process, clients & staff.
Liaise with Bankers on financial matters of the company & legal dept.
Prepared of the relevant account documentations for Auditors before & After AJE.
Handling, monitoring and analysis of financial monthly report and schedule of accounts, budget, cash flow & cashbook.
Monitoring all Account Payable (AP) and Account Receivable (AR) transaction.
Prepare of monthly purpose payment and creditors listing – Contractual, Utilities expenses & Operating expenses overhead.
In-charge of AR – Schedule Progress Claim Receivable from Clients (Debtors).
In-charge of GL Accounts. Ownership Management, Account Payable & Accounts Receivable ETC.
In-charged of FD schedule, Fixed Asset and petty cash schedule purpose.
Prepared of Journal Voucher, Payment Voucher, Debit Note, Credit Note ETC.
Job Title     :  Accounts & Finance Manager Cum HOD - Admin & Accounts.
Address of Company :  Lot 401B, Tingkat 2, Bangunan Tabung Haji, Kompleks Diamond, Jalan Medan Bangi, 43650 Bandar Baru Bangi, Selangor Darul Ehsan.
Reporting duties direct to Admin. Director & Managing Director.
Maintain Full set of company accounts for Megah Bina Bersatu (M) Sdn Bhd and group of companies Megah Bina Bersatu (M) Sdn Bhd – Megah Bina Bersatu Development (M) Sdn Bhd, Megah Wood Industries Sdn Bhd, Megah Farm & Life Stock Industries Sdn Bhd, Megah Bina Futsal Sdn Bhd and Jernih Avenue Sdn Bhd.
Prepare, plan control, analyses and maintain the construction projection accounts, ad-hoc duties, budget accounts and financing of company.
Monitoring of cost & profitability for each of the project (past and current project).
Prepare the Profit & Loss account for every project.(yearly basis).
In-charged to settle bad lock Company Accounts & handling of credit control matters.
Liaise with Bankers and Auditors regarding on Financials matter.
Prepared of Monthly Management Accounts & Year Ended Accounts for Management.
Prepared of the relevant account documentations for Auditors before & After AJE.
Preparing, handling, dealing and liaising Company Accounts for Taxation – yearly basis.
Handling, monitoring and analysis of financial monthly accounts, budget, cash flow, cashbook etc.
Handling Bank Facilities transaction etc.  BA/LC/TR/BG/Credit Bank Facility and Overdraft.
Monitoring all Account Payable and Account Receivable transaction.
Control and Advice to management about Company account situation.
Prepare monthly company budget – Administration expenses & Operating expenses overhead.
In-charged of AP – Progress payment Certificate for Sub-Contractors & Supplies (Creditors) & In-charge of General Ledger Accounts.
In-charge of AR – Schedule Progress Claim Receivable  from Clients Accounts (Debtors).
In-charged and monitoring of CWIP schedule, Hire Purchase, Fixed Asset and petty cash schedule purposes.
Prepared & monitoring monthly of AP Aging Accounts (Summary & Statement).
Prepared & monitoring of AR Aging Accounts (Summary & Statement).
Prepared of Journal Voucher, Payment Voucher, Debit Note, Credit Note etc.
Name of Company : Projek Hospital Temerloh Sdn Bhd (subsidiary company of Pembinaan SPK Sdn Bhd).
Address of Company :  d/a Site Office, Lot 7525 & 4194, Jalan Paya Luas, 28000 Temerloh Pahang Darul Makmur.
Type of Business :  Turnkey Main Contractor (Construction) for The Design, Construction , Equipping, Commissioning and Maintenance of  Temerloh  Hospital, Pahang (498 Beds).
No. Contract No  :  JKR/IP/B/24/2002 (Approximately : RM480 Million).
Reporting work to Accounts & Admin. Manager & Project Director.
Prepare, plan control, analyzed and maintain the budget and finance of the company.
Record, co. accounts in monitoring the cost and profitability of company.
Liaise with Taxation Agent Company on final year of accounts sub-contractor.
Monitoring of Payment by LC,REPO, Banker’s Cheque, Bank Guarantee & Overdraft.
Record and control, maintain the filing system in accounts Department.
Prepared of Monthly Management Accounts & Year Ended Accounts (2002 & 2003).
In-charge of Accounts Receivable –Interim Claim Receivable for Trade Debtor (JKR).
In-charge of Accounts Payable – Sub-Con(Trade Creditors) & Supplies (Others Creditors).
Prepared the monthly certificate of payment for sub-contractors, supplies, staff claims & utilities before to do the payment.
Prepared of payment voucher and cheques for payment purpose.
Updating material usage record for payment & credit control transaction.
Checking and Reconciliation of Cost Report between accounts department and contract department related payment to sub-contractor.
Assist. Accounts Manager in overseeing financial accounts.
Address of Company :    No. 41, Medan Bukit Belimbing, Bukit Belimbing,.
Current project  : Cadangan Membina 163 Unit Rumah Link Dua Tingkat (22’X 75’) Seksyen 7, Bandar Baru Bangi, Selangor Darul Ehsan. (Approximately : RM18 Million).
In-charged to do a full set of accounts for Juru Bina Jaya Sdn Bhd & subsidiaries company (Shawo Bina (M) Sdn Bhd, Yusinta Bina Sdn Bhd, Wong Brother Tiling Specialist & Pembinaan Kaya Jaya Sdn Bhd).
Checking of Processing Claim from Developers (PKNS & KMSL) before summit to bank for OD/PC facility processing. Checking all company cheques issuing before summit to Directors for signatures.
In-charge of all related accounts payable (Sub-Contractor Claims, Supplies Invoices, Petty Cash Claim & Utilities Expenses).
Monitoring cash book (cash flow) & bank book. Bank Reconciliation for MBB & ABB. (every month).
In-charge of Payroll (HQ Staff, Operator Staff & Contract Workers) - Monthly Salary Slip, Salary Schedule, EPF, SOCSO, Income Tax ETC.
In charge in preparing and checking of Credit Note and Debit Note (Inter-company & External).
Prepared of Year End Closing Accounts. (Before & after audit adjustment) .
Prepared draft of company letter to Bankers, Auditors, Debtors, Creditors, ETC.
Supervised of Accounts Clerk, Admin. Clerk, General Clerk, ETC.
In-charge in prepare of all related Fixed Assets Schedules included Office Equipment, Motor Vehicle, Computers, Machinery, Furniture & Fittings & Renovations.
Handling processing of Insurances, Road Tax, Inspection for Motor Vehicle & Machinery.
Handling of related Insurances for Office Furniture, Computer & Workmen Comprehensive.
Address of Company       :  No.36, Jalan TPP 5/12, Taman Perindustrian Puchong,.
Type of Business     :  Construction, Renovation & Manufacturing.
In-charge to do full set of accounts for Tisisit Corporation (M) Sdn Bhd, Axis Dimension Sdn. Bhd., Sila Seating Sdn. Bhd, & Insight Precision Sdn. Bhd. (subsidiaries of company).
Maintaining of processing credit control (collection) from trade debtors.
Bank Reconciliation for RHB Bank & Bumiputra Commerce Bank Berhad (every month).
In charge in preparing and checking of Credit Note and Debit Note (Inter-company & External).
Preparing & maintaining of debtors ageing financial statement.
In-charge in prepare of all related schedules included Hire Purchase Installment Schedules for Company’s Vehicles, Housing Loan Installment Schedules for Company’s Director, Mortgage Loan Installment  Schedules for Company’s  factory and Utility Bills Schedules.
Able to using ICS Accounting System & UBS Accounting System.
Address of Company  :  57, Jalan Penchala, 45060 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan.
In charge to do full set of accounts for Soon Seng Palm Oil Mill Sdn Bhd, Propel Transport (M) Sdn. Bhd., Dominion Palm Oil Mill Sdn. Bhd, Stable-Win Sdn Bhd & Soon Seng Gemas Sdn. Bhd. (subsidiaries company).
Coding, checking and preparing of Journal Voucher, Sales Invoice, Purchase Invoice, FFB Statement, Receipt Voucher and Payment Voucher.
To do Internal Auditing for end of year 1998 & 1999 (Stock-take).
Checking, Coding and Prepare of BA Interest for Aseambankers, Perwira Habib Bank  and OCBC.
Prepare of Depreciation for Fixed Assets schedule for Admin. & Manufacturing, Plant & Machinery Maintenance Expenses Carried Forwards schedule, Hire Purchase Interest In Suspense schedule, Prepayment schedule, Insurance & Road Tax Prepayment schedule  & etc.
Analysis of Maintenance Expenses for vehicles and tankers.
In charge in preparing and checking of Credit Note and Debit Note (Inter-company).
Job Title  :  As a SAP Team Member at Finance, SAP WAVE 2 Dept. &     Administration Superintendent Fund at PFF Dept.
Address of Company  :  Bangunan Shell Malaysia, Off Jalan Semantan, Damansara Heights, P.Surat 11027, 50732 Kuala Lumpur.
Reporting work to The GL Accountant Project, Bank Reconciliation Accountant Project, Fixed Asset Accountant Project and Cost Center Accountant.
Created, Prepared & Mapping of Users Procedures and System Tasks for GL’s Accounts. Bank Reconciliation, Fixed Asset and cost Center.
Create diagram (Flow Chart) in Visio for Users Procedures and System Tasks.
Prepare A Chart of Accounts for GL’s Account, Bank Reconciliation Account & etc.
Calculation of One Third and Housing EPF Withdrawal for Downstream / Upstream.
Calculation of Claw Back Benefits & Contribution Payment of EPF..
Obtained of Payment Documents to EPF. Members of Fund Manager, ETC.
Calculation of Cost Allocation for budgeting End of Year 1996.
Assisting In Preparation of Financial Statements / Reports.
Preparing & Maintaining Of Double Entries (Ledger & Journal).
Address of Company : 4th Floor, Exchange Square, Off Jalan Semantan, Damansara Heights, 50732 Kuala Lumpur.
Assisting In Preparation of Financial Statements / Reports.
Preparing & Maintaining of double Entries (Ledger & Journal).
Related of Processing Payment Documents P.O. Invoice, Payment Voucher Etc.
Address of Company : 5th Floor City Point  Complexs  Dayabumi, Kuala Lumpur.
Related of Trading Job Function – Selling & Buying of Commodity Exch.
Dedicated CPA with (26) twenty six years of experience developing and implementing financial systems, strategies, processes and controls that significantly improve P&L scenarios. Expert in establishing accounting functions, systems and best practices; cost-reduction, automation and tax strategies; and lasting business relationships to ensure goal-surpassing fiscal performance.  A seasoned financial analyst with a record of in private sector(s) with Human Resources, Accounting and Financial experiences. Ambitious, dedicated and disciplined business leader and financial champion, utilizes a proactive approach to overcome hindrances and implement prudent financial management. Compassionate team leader, mentor and coach, honest person, encourages personal and professional growth for all to succeed. Consensus builder, encourages open and frank dialogue, engages multiple stakeholders in consistently achieving results. Easy going by nature and able to get along with both work colleagues and directors, currently looking for unique opportunity in a new position, with genuine development opportunities Hard working person, the ability to meet deadlines and may work with other department of the company.
Microsoft Office standard 95, 97, 2000, 2003, ME, XP & 2010 - Excel, Word, Power Point, Access, OneNote, Outlook & Publisher, Lotus 123 Ver 3.1 & Advanced & Smart Suite.
Microsoft Visio 4.0, Microsoft Project, SAP & Acrobat Reader.
Accounting Software - IFCA, ICS, UBS, Auto Count, MYOB, ACCPAC , EMAS 3A, FACT, Sun, ACCTRAK21, JD  Edwards, Pro Manager, AS400 (IBM MOVEX), SPSS ETC.
2011   -  Fundamentals of Budgeting and Cash Flow Forecasting (MIA).
2012   -    Cost Reduction and Profit Improvement Strategies (MIA).
2016   - Employer’s Tax Statutory requirement in 2016 (Wolters Kluwer).________________________________________________________________________.
Solid experience on US GAAP and IFRS as I am responsible for all aspects of financial matters and closing for all the entities across Europe, US and Asia Pacific as we were prepared to list in US.
Responsible for consolidation (in the context of US GAAP and IFRS) as well as local statutory accounts.
Responsible and having strong experience in tax regulation of Switzerland, Finland, US, Singapore and China.
I look after all aspects of financial and management reporting, including accounting technical directive, general ledger, shared service function (AR/AP) and timely monthly/quarterly finance close.
Implementation of SOX framework, including strategic control and processes planning, design, implementation and performance review.
Responsible for transfer pricing and tax planning and tax structuring to achieve tax optimization.
Strong experienced in semiconductor industry, high adaptability to change especially in an extremely fast paced and dynamic environment.
Responsible for M&A accounting due diligence and post-integration.
Monthly close of legal entities GL function for the region and statutory accounts etc.
Finance, Accounting and Controlling (inclusive of accounting shared service) functions for US, Europe and Asia Pacific region.
Quarterly Reporting to the AC, Board of Directors as well as 30 Institutional Investors.
Monthly management reporting, forecasting and budgeting – perform regular review of  P/L and BU/product performance, review and evaluate business CAPEX.
Implementation of SOX, including implementation, regularly review and enhance accounting and operating procedures with appropriate internal control measures.
Tax planning, tax structuring, tax compliance for all the entities within the Group.
Administration of employee’s share option scheme and quarterly share option valuation for both USGAAP and IFRS quarterly reporting.
M&A due diligence, acquisition and post-integration (for both buy and sell side).
Successful implementation of transfer pricing framework covering our business in US Europe and Asia Pacific Region.
Timely and accurate financial reporting to the Audit Committee, Board as well as Investors.
Timely completion of audit and tax compliance, well-verse of accounting frameworks (US GAAP and IFRS) and tax regulation across Asia, US and Europe.
Implementation of SAP and shared service centre function for all the entities within Group, thereby improving timely and consistency in financial and management reporting.
Timely and accurate management reporting, business and control inefficiency were addressed on timely manner, thereby improving business performance.
Took on the project manager role and managed M&A execution across end to end project life-cycle, including project team compilation, deal term and structure design, due diligence, document review and preparation, deal closing etc.
Coordination and liaison with multiple parties involved in deals. Responsible for both qualitative and quantitative analysis on acquisition targets and prepared various reports to Board and Investors.
Full involvement in 2 US acquisitions (total deal sizes of approximately US$200m) and a share swap merger-acquisition with total deal size of approximate US$1 billion.
Successful implementation of SOX framework which covering wide range of business practices and procedures, aligned business and operation efficiency and ensure consistency in application of operating and financing policies within the Group.
Cost Center Controlling and streamlined the operation management and enhanced operating efficiency.
industry:   NSL Ltd (includes Construction Manufacturing, Chemicals, Engineering, Property and Investment Holdings).
Conglomerate:   Auric Pacfic Group Ltd and Publicis Singapore.
Task of review and investigating processes in the organisation.
Develop project management skill to carry out the audit efficiently and effectively.
Prepare summary review memorandum, report to audit committee report and management letter.
Review group-consolidated accounts for management reporting, SGX announcements as well as statutory reporting.
  Providing audit services to diversified clients   Performed initial public offering related works.
Professional qualification in ACCA, Singapore Accountancy Academy.
Advanced Diploma in Business Studies, Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Malaysia     1999-2003.
________________________________________________________________________.
Intellectually capable, possesses sharp mind to grasp the finer aspects of an argument well. Ability to reason coherently with a flair for communicating effectively at all levels of the organisation.
Strong agility to change, high adaptability to deadlines and constant changes.
Result oriented, analytical and critical thinking, sound problem solving ability.
Attentive to details, good follow through along with an inquisitive mind.
Solid planning and organisational skills in coordinating all aspects of each engagement from inception to completion.
Well disciplined with proven ability to manage multiple assignments efficiently under extreme pressure.
Pleasant and mature disposition. Diligent, resourceful and thrives well under stressful circumstances.
Positive mental attitude, always seeking opportunities to learn and to contribute better service to the clients.
1)  Current salary: monthly salary of S$13,100 2)  Expected salary: opened-for-discussion.
Wing Tai Retails Division (which carries a range of 30 brands worldwide) Watson’s Personal Care Stores and Takashimaya.
Wing Tai Holdings Limited, Jurong Town Corporation, LaSalle.
Property Fund, Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, Singapore Press Holdings Limited, Far East Organization group and United Industrial Corporation Limited.
I have more than 12 years of experience in public accounting and extensive experience in leading and managing audit services to listed companies as well as multinational corporations, with strong specialisation in Real Estate & Hospitality Industry.
Lead senior manager of the audit clients mentioned above. My role is the lead senior manager and I am actively involved with the planning, managing and coordination of the engagement and providing guidance to the engagement team. I also assist the engagement partner to deliver a no-surprises audit of the group of companies. Last but not least, I ensure that the co-ordination and reporting of the 40 to 60 local and international subsidiaries within the group are seamless and the final deliverables are of excellent quality.
Possess strong knowledge of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and.
International Financial Reporting Standards, ensuring all the GAAP adjustments are accounted for properly.
Proven track records over ability to work under stressful environment under tight timeline.
Excellent leadership skills and people interaction skills with top and senior management, demonstrated by the successfully leading audit of various sizeable listed and MNC engagements and constant communication with top and senior management of audit clients.
Excellent team management skill as I managed a large group of 30 audit team concurrently during audit peak season.
Possess strong knowledge of corporate governance and proven track records in ensuring full compliance with such governance framework.
Possess strong knowledge of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and US GAAP, including SOX reporting.
Possess strong consolidation knowledge as I extensively involved in preparation of consolidation of group accounts for certain clients.
Lead Champion Senior Manager on quality and audit methodology – where I looking after quality matters to ensure full compliance with internal and external regulations.
Lead Champion Senior Manager for PwC Manila Service Delivery Centre – where I looking after outsourcing works to our in- house Service Delivery Centre in Manila to achieve better profitability.
Member of Global Engagement Compliance Review of PwC Global team to conduct internal file inspection on other PwC member firms.
Lead Champion Senior Manager for Real Estate Industry Practice Group as subject matter expert in Real Estate and Hospitality engagements.
Mentor manager in charge of 50 staff for career coaching and development, ongoing performance monitoring, staff performance evaluation and any other staff-related matters. Promoting stronger bonding within my coaching group and achieved lower staff turnover rate.
Manager of the largest audit proposal in PwC Singapore’s history for a potential real estate client.
Possess excellent total quality control  management  skill  to ensure quality output.
Experienced in setting up sharedservice centre for certain audit function.
Possess excellent people management skill, experienced on managing a team of 30 team members at a single point of time and acting as mentor to 50 staff members, for ongoing monitoring and evaluation of performance, timely resolution of job conflicts, career development as well as responsible for various initiatives to promote high team bonding.
Technically sound as I was chosen to lead the Real Estate Industry Practice Group, to coach audit team for relevant technical advice.Obtained Chartered Accountant of Singapore status from the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants since 2011.
• Liaised with auditor, secretarial agent and government agencies to ensure compliance of all statutory and regulatory requirements.
• Assisted in systems implementations/ integrations and other project work.
• Review and analyse consolidated financial statements of the Group.
• Liaise with auditor, tax agents, secretarial agent and government agencies to ensure compliance of all statutory and regulatory requirements.
• Assist in budgeting, costing, cash flow management of the company.
• Preparation of regular financial and analysis reports, other reports and presentations required by management.
• Assist in costing, systems implementations/ integrations and other project work.
• Assisted clients in their outsourced accounting function such as bookkeeping, consolidation and preparation of statutory financial statements.
• Managed, coached and supervised team of staff to ensure timely completion of bookkeeping and accounting requirements of clients within agreed reporting timelines with clients.
• Secondment to client's Finance department to assist on financial reporting requirements.
• Assisted clients in their outsourced accounting function such as bookkeeping, consolidation and preparation of statutory financial statements.
• Managed, coached and supervised team of staff to ensure timely completion of bookkeeping and accounting requirements of clients within agreed reporting timelines with clients.
• Secondment to client's Finance department to assist on financial reporting requirements.
•    Involved in training of XBRL software to the audit function.
• Assisted in the planning, execution and completion of statutory audits (including consolidation and group reporting) for clients in various industries, such as food manufacturing, healthcare, statutory board, defence & engineering, port and maritime, media, trading and investment holding.
• Coached and supervised a team of audit associates to ensure timely completion of audit within budgeted time frame.
• Managed and coordinated audit engagements to ensure timely reporting and completion of audit according to planned timeline.
• Secondment to client's Finance department to assist on financial reporting requirements and IPO project.
•    Involved in the Singapore deployment and pilot training of auditing software to the department.
Accpac Accounting Software, InfoMaster Accounting Software, Navision Accounting Software.Responsible for timely and accurate month end closing and monthly financial analysis;.
Oversee all accounting functions including account payables, account receivables, fixed assets and bank reconciliation;.
Responsible for the consolidation of accounts for monthly, quarterly and yearly reporting within tight deadline. The deliverables include monthly consolidation and monthly management report with financial analysis on the Group’s performance.
Overseas finance teams to ensure timely submission of monthly reports.
Support ad-hoc task and performed duties as assigned by superior.
Planning, overseeing and administering staff resource and job portfolio.
Monitoring progress of audit assignment and meeting report deadline.
Report audit findings to Audit Partners and make recommendations for improvements in operations.
Responsible for timely and accurate month end closing and monthly financial analysis.
Oversee all accounting functions including account payables, account receivables, fixed assets, bank reconciliation and inventory reconciliation.
Responsible for quarterly corporate tax and quarterly deferred tax provision for accounts.
Updated consolidation package report and supporting schedules for submission to CETCO USA for consolidation purpose.
Coordinated with Project Manager and assist Finance Manager to establish and maintain project budgets, updated and reviewed tracking of project costs, identified and communicated financial issues to project team.
Performed quarterly stock count and physical assets inspection.
Prepared yearly audited financial statements within the timeline;.
Liaised with tax agent to finalize annual tax return and ensure tax submission to Inland Revenue Board (IRB) on time.
Liaised with tax agent on any outstanding tax issued, capital allowances review or other issues related to tax.
Supervised accounting staff and provided advice and guidance as and when necessary.
Undertaken assignments delegated by Finance Manager/Financial Controller from time to time.
Position Title: Assistant Vice President (Jan 2011 – April 2011).
Two diversified portfolio includes involve and supervise in the finance operation for the certain entity assigned and group reporting.
Involved and supervised daily operations which include journal vouchers, receipts, payments, bank reconciliation, and others for entity assigned:.
OSK International Asset Management Sdn Bhd (Fund Management Company);.
OSK Investment Bank (Labuan) Limited (Offshore Investment Banking);and.
Planned and monitored daily cash flow position of companies;.
Planned, assessed and monitored month end closing and to ensure timely and accurate preparation of monthly management account and monthly financial analysis;.
Liaised with inter-department to ensure comply with company policy and work procedures.
Reviewed quarterly IIP report to Bank Negara Malaysia for statutory requirement and monthly LOFSA report for Labuan FSA requirement;.
Responsible for monthly tax computation and deferred tax computation;.
Coordinated and liaised with Registrar on dividend issuance matters.
Responsible for the consolidation of accounts for monthly, quarterly, half-yearly and yearly reporting within tight deadline. The deliverables include monthly consolidation and flash report with financial analysis on the Group’s performance, Quarterly report for Bursa Announcement and Annual Report;.
Group Fixed asset schedule for audit reporting disclosure;.
Related party transactions for Recurrent Related Parties Transaction circular for shareholders’ approval;.
Constant communicated with subsidiaries on their performance and alignment to the group’s overall financial policies.
Coordinated with other divisions and compiled financial information for AGM/Press Conference.
Handled taxation matters and ensured tax compliance for the companies in charged.
Liaised with corporate secretarial, tax agent, auditors, bankers and other statutory bodies/authorities on internal and external auditor matters, and other statutory compliances.
Support ad-hoc task and performed duties as assigned by superior.
Ensured month-end closing timelines are met and monthly consolidation and management accounts are reported accurately by encouraging team to constantly conduct discussion and adhere strictly to the timeline given.
Successfully signed companies’ audited financial statement within audit timeline.
Successfully get back tax refund amount from Inland Revenue Board (IRB) after followed up closely with tax agent and IRB after the tax filing.
Able to cope for the high tension and works under pressure in meeting deadlines and to work independently.
Successfully to take over asset management account within short transition period.
Grasped the additional responsibilities on the dividend and banking facilities matters.
Auditing financial accounts and statutory documents from private limited companies to public listed companies engaged in trading, investment holdings, non-profit organization etc.
Performing special audit such as verification of statistical data.
Auditing financial accounts and statutory documents from limited companies to public listed companies engaged in manufacturing, trading, construction, property development, investment holding, hotel operation, non-profit organization etc.
Analytical reviewing of financial statements and preparing consolidated financial statement including foreign subsidiary.
Reviewing the audit working papers of junior staffs, allocation of work, monitoring and planning of audit assignments.
Presenting the audit report which is consistent with current auditing standard and requirement of Malaysian Accounting Standard Board (MASB) and statutory declaration for review by manager and principal.
Using a computer spread sheet program, example Microsoft Excel to do tax computation, capital allowances schedule and fixed assets depreciation schedule.
Prepare company taxation and deferred taxation for audit purposes.
Auditing financial accounts and statutory documents for small and medium size organization from trading, manufacturing, investment holding etc.
Using a computer spread sheet program, example Microsoft Excel to do tax computation, capital allowances schedule and fixed assets depreciation schedule.
Preparing tax computation for corporate based on relevant financial information and correctly submitted within the relevant time limit.
Help client in planning the tax estimation and tax revision.
The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
Institute   : Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman (Kuala Lumpur Main Campus), Malaysia.
Institute   : Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman (Johor Branch Campus), Malaysia.
Institute   : Sekolah Menengah Taman Johor Jaya (1), Johor Bahru, Malaysia.
(Proficiency: Advanced – Highly experienced; Intermediate - Familiar with all the basic functionalities; Beginner – Just started using or learning the skill).
Good at taking initiative, proactive, responsible, punctual and hardworking.
Able to work independently and within a team and deliver under tight deadline.
Adaptable to dynamic working environments and fast learner.Institute/University : Singapore Institute of Management (SIM),.
Institute/University : Singapore Institute of Management (SIM),.
Seeking for career advancement to be able to utilize all my skills and abilities to the fullest and be able to learn from every job and use the lessons learnt to progress in my career. Major strenght in being able to work independently, proactively and will always try to implement ways to improve workflow speed and quality. Capitalizing on all lessons learnt from the work experiences for every new opportunity arises.
Manage the accounting team and review work done by subordinates to ensure the completeness and accurancy.
Manage company’s cashflow to ensure sufficient balance for GIRO & vendors payment.
Process payments to both local and international vendors and suppliers.
Filling of statutory, business statistics and other types of return as required by local tax and legal legislations. (GST, Corporate Tax, PIC Claims and etc.).
Preparation of monthly financial report, including assurance of accurate and timely result.
Liaising with suppliers and external auditor, coordinate with the tax agent on tax compliance, as well as ensure that all accounting activities comply with the accounting policies.
Close monthly full set accounts using Autocount accounting system.
Process expense claims for staffs (both local and overseas).
Process payments to both local and international vendors and suppliers.
HR matters include payroll, personal tax, CPF, government claims.
Meeting clients to do a financial review to understand their current financial situation and needs.
Analyse & evaluate client’s financial status and recommend suitable products to help client’s achieve their goal.
Administrative support, extract & compiling data from SAP System for Documentation purposes.
Compilation of documents, verification and as well as documentation control.
Communicating/ Coordination with 3rd party personal for inspection arrangement which involves the monitoring of inspection status and completeness of documents.
(Proficiency: Advanced - Highly experienced; Intermediate - Familiar with all the basic functionalities; Beginner - Just started using or learning the skill).
I am writing to express my interest to be considered for the vacancy.
I am a meticulous person who brings to my job a strong work ethic and desire to succeed, and a need to produce quality work.
I would greatly appreciate your kind consideration for an interview.  If I am not contactable on my mobile phone: 8399 2077, please send me a notice via the email address: .
Please do kindly consider in interviewing me as I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.Accounts & Admin Assistant at Regent Singapore, A Four Seasons Hotel.
- Providing assistance to internal staffs, customers and local banks on billing disputes.
- Ensure payments are collected in timely manner and recorded accurately.
- Prepare bi-monthly intercompany billings and reconciliations.
- Prepare bi-monthly billings to Travel Agencies and tenants.
- Performs various general administrative duties - mail processing, ordering of supplies, petty cash reimbursements.
-Works closely with Credit Manager and Accountant and various departments.
- Prepare aging reports and analyse aging of accounts receivables and takes appropriate actions on old outstanding balances.
- Handles full spectrum of accounts receivables, credit control and collections.
-Prepare quarterly GST, yearly financial statement reporting package for clients.
-Monthly bank reconciliations for clients & inter-companies.
-Handles account payable, accounts receivable, general ledger.
-Admin duties such as prepare invoices, cheques, reimbursements.
Accpac Accounting Software, Lotus Notes, Opera System, SAP Accounting System, UBS ACCOUNTING.Accounts Assistant at Premier Corporation Pte Ltd (Previous).
1. Cashless Terminal Payment: Regenerating reports and payout Hirer’s Cashless Terminal Transactions on a daily basis.
- Sort out excel report given by external vendor, generate payment summary, and do giro to Hirers (average transaction per report: 1000-1500).
2. Cashless Receipts: Keying in of Cashless Terminal AR Transactions.
- 22 transactions in 1 day (Multiply by the number of days in a month).
3. Terminated or Resignation File: Pay out for Terminated or Resigned Hirer’s Security Deposit.
- Required to check Security Deposit amount, current outstanding, issue credit note for deposit, contra against any outstanding if there is, and issuance of cheque.
4. Downtime: Payout for Hirer’s Vehicle Downtime in workshop for maintenance or accident repair.
- Sort downtime report given by admin, determine to giro or contra on case to case basis depending on current outstanding, accident excess (if there is), vehicle type or special instructions from credit control department.
- Pay out via giro (average transaction per report: 150-200).
5. AR Billing : Billing of service fee to 3rd party vendor on a weekly basis.
6. Loss of income payout: Pay out for Hirer’s involved in Accident or Claims against 3rd Party.
- Check all supporting documents provided by Accident department, eg: Cheque from Insurance Company, Hirer Details, Vehicle No, Workshop Check In/Out Voucher, Discharge Voucher.
- Extract report from CRM and sort data out, determine whether to contra or giro on case to case basis, depending on current outstanding, accident excess (if there is), vehicle type or special instructions from credit control department.
7. Incentive Appeal: Process of incentives (eg. Performance, Safety or Rental Incentive) appealed by Hirers when they are not eligible for certain incentives due to late payment of rental or accident in the month itself, based on case to case basis.
- Issue credit note, calculate current o/s based on SOA, determine amount to pay out to Hirer in cases whereby there is an excess or deduction due to overpayment or outstanding, pay out excess with incentive or contra outstanding with incentive, and if after contra any excess, pay out to hirer via GIRO.
8. Rental Billing for Hirer’s on a daily basis (For new joined or terminated Hirer).
Premier Automotive Services (Equipment, Spart Parts, Workshop & Accident Department) (Full Set):-.
1) Update cashbook daily (and taking in all AP & AR giro entries).
2) Check AP invoices from all departments (Posting from CRM to ACCPAC for Accident Dept).
- Bill according to billing advise to 3rd Parties for Accident Claim.
3. Resolve any discrepancies with customers regarding invoices.Seeking an accountant position which is stable and challenging and wish I can use my experience to make great contributions to your organization.
Coordinate all month-end closing activities & management report preparation.
All accounting and taxation matters across Hong Kong and  offices.
Prepare schedules and documentation for interim and annual audit and tax filing.
Facilitate internal and external audits and liaise with auditor.
SAP system, Hyperion, MS Word, Excel (Pivot), Power point and Chinese character input method.With the capability of handling full set of accounts, assessing and preparing financial reports, sales analysis reports, cash flow reports, co-ordinate Company’s working capital requirement, bank reconciliations and internal reports to head office, I believe that I am able to pick up the job quickly and reduce the resources for training.
Aside from specializing in accounting, I have well knowledge of International Trade Finance. This has given me an insight to understand various workflows and maintain well coordination between different departments. My good communication skills are further enhanced liaising with external parties such as bankers, auditors and Monetary Authority of Singapore throughout my tenure in my present and past companies.
My experience in the Banking Industry has enhanced my ability to meet tight schedules and has provided me with more knowledge to ensure all procedures and documentations are in compliance to company and regulatory requirement. Furthermore, with the many years of work experience, I have become meticulous in my work and I am fully aware that attentiveness to small details is crucial especially in the accounting field.
With the experience that I possess, I am confident that I am able to add value and become an asset to your dynamic organization in the near future. I have enclosed my resume, which will furnish you with additional information regarding my qualifications and experiences. I hope you will consider my application and allow me to have the chance to have an interview with you.
Bank Julius Baer & Co Ltd, Project Finance Officer (Contract Position).
Preparing monthly and quarterly Offshore Bank reports for Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS).
Monitor daily MAS limits reports to ensure all compliance requirements are met.
Preparing full sets of accounts for 2 offices, Singapore and Malaysia, handling from account receivable, account payable to general ledger. Presenting monthly management financial report and schedules.
Arranging for payments, including foreign exchange remittances, Goods and Services Tax submission, bank reconciliation.
Preparing staff reimbursement for local and overseas claim.
Liaising with tax officers for tax matters and submission of Form C.
Independently handle full sets of account upon take over. Liaison with various departments to obtain approval and process for payments and claim.
Setting up new formula using excel in MAS reporting from manual input data.
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust And Banking Corporation, Senior Officer.
Preparing monthly and quarterly Offshore Bank reports for Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS).
Monitor daily MAS limits reports to ensure all compliance requirements are met.
Reconciling Nostro statement to reflect cash position. Matching and analyzing items to ensure no significant or overdue amounts outstanding.
Handling mainframe accounting system for daily operations and term end closing.
Able to handle work load and mainframe accounting system independently within a short period of time.
Preparing monthly and quarterly Merchant Bank reports for Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Reconciling Nostro statement to reflect cash position. Matching and analyzing items to ensure no significant or overdue amounts outstanding.
Processing company corporate card expenses and related journal entries.
Arranging audit confirmation fee on each client for payment.
Build an cohesive communication line between different departments.
Handling and presenting consolidated financial reports for Holding Company including Singapore and China subsidiary to management and shareholders.
Overseeing project financial progress, closely tracking revenue and expenses, producing project profit and loss report for monthly presentation.
Coordinating financial information between internal departments to ensure information are consolidated and communicated at require stages during build up till completion of projects.
Monitoring and forecasting cash flow, ensuring sufficient working capital available for monthly and future turnovers. Liaising with Banks for interest rates and foreign currencies exchange.
Preparing variances report and assessing material differences.
Supervising overall department’s matters such as daily workflows, monthly expenses, internal reports, Finance’s SOP, ensuring proper records and require regulatory reporting to government are completed in due time.
Preparation of yearend audit schedules, liaising with auditors for audited reports, arranging director’s resolution for submission to authorities.
Liaising with tax officers for tax matters and submission of Form C.
Managing whole operations of finance department well and in order.
Effectively gather information from respective departments and consolidate into summary for management and required personnel.
Stabilizing new accounting system for retrieving, generating monthly, adhoc reports and enhancing department’s SOP.
Toronto Dominion (South East Asia) Limited, Accounting Officer.
Preparing monthly, quarterly and annual reports for head office and regulatory authority such as Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Daily updates on bank reconciliation to reflect cash position. Matching and analyzing reconciliation items to ensure no significant or overdue amounts outstanding.
Monitor daily limits reports to ensure all compliance requirements are met.
Processing company expenses and related journal entries. Ensuring expenses are allocated correctly to various business lines.
Handling projects such as automation of MAS reports and generating Representative Office Policy and Procedures.
Successfully transited MAS reports into fully automated process.
Ensuring all MAS regulations applicable to are fully comply.
Ability to meet tight deadlines for both Government and internal bodies.
Build an cohesive communication line between different departments.
Preparing full sets of accounts for 3 local offices handling from account receivable, account payable to general ledger. Presenting monthly management financial report, sales analysis and debtors schedules.
Arranging for payments, including foreign exchange remittances, petty cash reimbursement, Goods and Services Tax submission, bank reconciliation and keeping close updates on debtor ageing.
Preparing working capital schedules, making arrangements with banks for short term Invoice Financing and reviewing timing of these requirements.
Overlooking full sets of account and internal audit for regional office. Reviewing its financial accounts and ensuring proper documentation. Collect, analyze evidence and review third party documents thru site visits. Check stocks and valuation are in order and accurate.
Supervising closely on logistics matters such as importation and exportation of goods from overseas countries via sea and air shipments. Coordinate work between different locations for allocation of goods.
Arranging letter of credit, trust receipts and shipping guarantees.
Capable in handle international trade terms and meeting logistic schedules.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Accpac Windows, Peoplesoft GL, Autocount, AS400, Sun and Oracle.
Proficient in English, Chinese and Japanese, currently at level JLPT 3.Correspondence Address:  Room3207, Ming Chau House, Kin Ming Estate, Tiu Keng Leng, Kowloon.
05/2015-08/2017    HSBC Trustee (Hong Kong) Limited                  Global Trust Accounting Officer (GTA)                  Major Responsibilities:.
Provide the duties of Global Trust Accounting and any duties specified by the Bank from time to time.
Prepare financial reports for Trust Relationship Manager’ and Clients’ review for the Singapore Team.
Assist Book-keeping Team colleagues to deal with daily account queries and update account entries.
Assist other colleagues for handling related work difficulties such as double-checking the financial report hardcopy for the clients.
Remove reason for leaving:  Seeking for better prospects in commercial industry.
Independently handle full set of accounts for and daily financial operations, including month-end closing, and prepare monthly financial reports.
Daily accounting duties including payroll calculations leave arrangement, general ledger postings, accounts receivable and  accounts  payable  /  disbursements,  and  bank reconciliation.
Prepare and issue all company documents including Debit Note and Credit Note among relative companies and third party vendors and customers.
Remove reason for leaving:  Seeking for better prospects in banking industry.
Bachelor degree of Business Administration in China Business.
(Dean’s List & Outstanding Student Award for the Course International Business Management).
Core Subjects: Financial Accounting, Commercial Law in China, Management Policy & Strategy, International.
Core Subjects: Financial Accounting, Financial Management,.
HKCEE Cert (All pass and include Chinese, English and Mathematics).
Language Skills:   English and Chinese (Putonghua & Cantonese).
IT Skills:  1. Microsoft Office Software, includes Word, Excel and Power-point.
2. Accounting Software, includes MYOB, Quick-book and Microsoft Dynamics NAV Classic.An experienced accounting professional reviewing the regional closing for all of BlackBerry’s APAC operations – Japan, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Australia, HK, China, Singapore and the statutory audit for this region. My forte is accounting controllership but I want to further develop my financial planning and analysis capabilities as well.
Hands on experience in NetSuite, Oracle, Hyperion, SAP, SAGE 300 ERP, SAP BPC and MYOB.
Experienced with transitions – ERP and business process outsource service providers.
Able to work independently as well as relate to team members.
Proactive, committed and able to work under pressure with supervisory experience.
FINANCE MANAGER – APAC REGIONAL FINANCE (Joined as a Regional Financial Analyst).
(INDONESIA, INDIA, MALAYSIA, HK, AUSTRALIA, JAPAN, CHINA AND SINGAPORE).
Conducting periodic corporate reporting for monthly actual results (including intercompany transfer pricing calculation and postings).
In-charge of audit process and requirements (internal and statutory audits).
Ensure timely and satisfactory management of audit queries and requirements.
Support process/ systems improvement projects and implementation of accounting policies, procedures and controls as required.
Reviewing indirect tax (Withholding tax & GST/VAT) computation for regional markets.
Manage the accounting and bookkeeping services team that performs a wide range of accounting tasks, including compilation of financial statements, full sets of accounts and audit schedules.
Manage and grow a team of effective professionals to serve clients’ needs including work review, coaching and staff development.
Advise clients on financial reporting matters, including accounting implications and application of accounting standards.
Support business development by presenting a range of services provided by the unit to secure new Accounts.
Reviewing of countries financials submitted for completeness and accuracy and passing adjustments to comply with IFRS for consolidation in Hyperion system.
Preparing reporting forms and financial reports along with presentation slides for Management.
Special Projects: Internal audit preparation & proposing credit limits for management sign-off.
Maintain full set of accounts in Oracle for a few associates and subsidiaries of a Singapore main board listed company  over a 2 year period, to include the following:.
Responsible for the closing of general ledgers, accounts payable and receivable modules.
Maintain and report full set of accounts for 2 MNC subsidiaries in SAP to the company controller overseas.
Communicate, coordinate, and follow-up on engagements with auditors and clients.
Perform statutory audit including planning and fieldwork for listed, multinational companies and small and medium enterprise clients according to the BDO Methodology and audit tools.
Evaluate and assess audit results and preparation of audit reports based on Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and Companies Act.
Perform statutory audit including planning and fieldwork for small and medium enterprise clients according to the ICPAS audit programme.
Evaluate and assess audit results and preparation of audit reports based on Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and Companies Act.
Perform tax computation and submission to IRAS for companies.
Monitor process performance indices on qualified processes and establish good controls to maintain process performance.
Troubleshoot out-of-control situations and decide on the lot disposition in an out-of-spec situation.
MSc in Professional Accountancy (Expected completion – June 2017).
Diploma in Microelectronics (Completed 2001) -   Temasek Polytechnic, Singapore.
Recognized under the CFO recognition program at BlackBerry.
In Directors List for A/Y 1998/1999 and A/Y 1999/2000 – Temasek Polytechnic.1) New Rules for Consolidated Financial Statements (2009 -2014).
2) Practical considerations for implementation of GST in Malaysia.
• Reporting work which includes capital reduction analysis, preparation of documents required for quarterly board meeting.
• Review Estimated Chargeable Income & Actual Tax computation done by KMPG Tax agent and liaise with them to complete the filling of income tax.
• Responsible for full set of accounts for the 2 subsidiaries (Singapore & Malaysia) as well as the Holding Company. Handling daily accounting activities, ensuring timely month-end closing, preparation of management reports and analysis, preparation of monthly bank reconciliation, monthly reconciliation of intercompany transactions.
• Preparation of monthly audit schedules for the Holding company and its subsidiaries.
• Prepare weekly cash flow projections and monitor actual performance against forecast or budget.
• Preparation of management reports which include variance analysis and commentary on major variances between the budget & actual spending, major variances between current and previous month, major variances between current year & previous year.
• Involve in the yearly budgeting exercise to prepare Budgeted detailed expenses & Profit and Loss Statement for 3 Subsidiaries in different countries (Korea, Malaysia, Singapore), as well as the Budget for the Holding Company. Providing basis of the calculation to support the figures.
• Gathering information from different parties for the budget. Ensuring all communications is supported by documents or emails.
• Preparation of Budgeted Profit and Loss Statement & Budgeted Cashflow Statement for potential investment opportunities in regional countries.
• Liaising and coordinate with external auditors for year-end audit for subsidiaries in Singapore & Malaysia as well as the Holding Company.
• Liaising with other agents for grant application for overseas venture (IE Singapore).
• Liaising with Singapore & Malaysia corporate secretary for incorporation of new company in Malaysia.
• Preparation & submission of personal income tax for the CEO.
• Run payroll on payroll system (Deskera), prepare payroll reports and submit cpf returns.
• Prepare variable bonus & increment reports as well as letters to the employees.
• Responsible for the annual renewal of insurance for staffs, D&O and crime protection, PII insurance renewal.
• Assist in general administrative duties and human resource duties.
• Responsible for Accounts Payable function, completing most of the tasks using SAP software.
•    Responsible for Accounts Receivable function after job rotation.
• Review and determine all payments due and to submit the payment requests and disbursement   schedule.
• To prepare cheque and T/T payments with supporting documents for approval.
• Responsible for generating the monthly expenses analysis report and expenses report required by the parent company – Wistron.
•    Analyse the increase or decrease in expenses as compared to previous months.
• To liaise with departments on all matters related to suppliers’ invoices.
• To prepare monthly accruals for goods and services received but not invoiced.
• Preparation of monthly AP & AR reconciliation between affiliated companies and to find out the reasons for any discrepancies.
• Preparation of monthly service cost report to allocate the cost incurred to different projects.
• Responsible for completing quarterly package as requested by the parent company.
• Assist in preparing schedules for the interim and year-end audit.
• To liase with people from the other departments to understand more about the nature of expenses/costs incurred.
• Review the policy for payment application and keep it up to date.
•    Prepare the AR Ageing Table to keep track & ensure that customers made payment on time.
•    Prepare reports to Split cost & revenue to their respective projects.
Bachelor's Degree in Finance/Accountancy/Banking | Singapore.
Quickbooks Accounting Software, SAP Accounting System, Sun System.- The Group is having food and beverages retail chain in Singapore (Brand name:.
Artisan Boulangerie Compagnie and Alt. Pizza) and Twelve Cupcakes International.
- Manage and oversee day-to-day finance and accounting organization for brands in.
Singapore and overseas. Responsible for transaction processing, cash flow.
management, banking, vendor management and month end reporting to.
- Prepare budgeting, forecasts, scenario analysis and ad-hoc reporting to.
- Develop and introduce an internal control mechanism to minimize risks and.
strengthen corporate governance awareness throughout the organization.
- Implement an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) project management for the.
company that aims to improve productivity of the company’s back-office while.
implementing best practice with regards to data control and improving processes.
- Coordinate and deliver the year end audit, tax and statutory reporting.
- Involved in assurance unit and specialized in Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs), listed debts, fund accounting and manufacturing companies in countries such as Singapore and Indonesia.
- Senior-in-charge for public listed companies listed in the Singapore Stock Exchange (the ‘SGX’) and private limited companies.
- Responsible in planning and oversee the work of two to three staff auditors, providing mentoring and coaching. Conducted compliance audit works, evaluated the effectiveness of internal control policies and recommended areas of improvement. Analyzed financial statements to identify trends and anomalies in financial data.
- Performed statutory audits in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and Singapore Companies Act.
- Involved in assurance unit and specialized in real estate and constructions companies.
- Assist supervisors and seniors in various audit engagements for public listed companies listed in Bursa Malaysia.
- Head of Program Department for Charity Projects (Semester 2008/2009).
- Committee Member of Program Department for University Career Path 2010.
- Awarded Squash Team Champion for Matriculation Co-curriculum Carnival 2006.
Epicor 10 (ERP System), Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, MYOB Accounting Software.Solid and extensive experience in accounting spanning auditing, investment accounting, general accounting, budgeting, management and financial reporting. Strong knowledge on local FRS, tax, GST, and IFRS. Project management experience of SAP implementation. Good understanding of funds-related accounting and operations.
   In-depth understanding of Accounting principles     Knowledge on various financial instruments.
National University of Singapore – Responsible for accurate and timely month-end and yearend closing of accounts. Liaise with internal and external auditors. Manage the settlement, recording and accounting for trades executed by front office. Analyse Balance Sheet and P&L and write management report for investment activities. Conduct operational due diligence check on fund’s valuation. Spearhead internal process improvement projects.
Streamlined the yearend closing process and procedures by removing unnecessary manual work.
Revamped the fair value hierarchy classification for the entire portfolio according to the latest FRS and passed auditor’s test.
Identified and implemented control procedures for journal posting and FX reconciliation.
Financial Control (Financial and Regulatory Reporting)                          (6-month contract) Sep 2014 – Apr 2015.
Nomura Singapore – Responsible for reviewing subsidiary companies’ reporting packs and providing variance analysis. Prepared and submitted MAS returns under tight deadlines. Assisted in Axiom system implementation by participating in project meetings and conducting UAT tests. Close engagement with various stakeholders such as Treasury, Product Control, Hong Kong Regional Finance Team, India Finance team.
Successfully learnt and submitted MAS returns (MAS1003, MAS640, MAS1004, MAS1105) within two months.
Assistant Director (General Accounting)                             (1 year contract) Jun 2012 – Jun 2013.
Monetary Authority of Singapore - Reviewed and supervised work done by juniors such as journal entry, invoice checking, bank reconciliation, payment approval. Conducted annual budgeting exercise for a few departments; reviewed budget utilization and analysed budgetary variances; assisted in budget transfer. Drove and facilitated system implementation.
Provided strong leadership in project management by leading a team of 3 to conduct User Acceptance Testing (UAT), coordinating work across departments, documenting issues and liaising with external consultants to get timely solutions, escalating issues to management when necessary. The team under my leadership completed tasks ahead of deadlines for all the three rounds.
Northern Trust (Singapore) - Prepared financial reports for investors under tight deadlines on a weekly or monthly basis. Solved technical issues independently and answered clients’ queries within 24 hours. Communicated frequently with investment managers, clients’ counterparties, and clients to verify and validate financial data and market information. Worked closely with China clients on reports customization to meet clients’ special needs. Participated in system upgrading project and coordinated work with teams in other branch offices to drive project progress and provide feedback to head office.
Improved work efficiency by consolidating and standardizing procedures.
Consistently received additional responsibility and exposure to different portfolios due to strong performance.
Ernst & Young (Singapore) - Conducted audit procedures with clients such as interviewing officer-in-charge, verifying samples, studying clients’ accounting policies, analysing variances.=================================================================.
I have been working in Finance and Accounting, over ten years with progressive growth from Junior to Senior Accountant at multi-national/ sizeable companies. Throughout the roles of management in financial control/accounting for Hong Kong and China businesses, I was responsible for monthly closing, audit support and corporate financial reporting particularly.
By various functions at finance, I handled also retail outlet operation and management, cash flow report, costing, credit control, vendor management, payroll and IT support.
Into my position of the record, which further extended my experience in annual budget and periodical forecast, leading me more partnership exposure to individual business owners in planning and management areas.
While studying the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Financial Management, I can broaden my IAS, others accounting knowledge and financial analytical skills for my career advancement.  At proven records, I am self-motivated and team-collaborated.
Seeking a position of Accounting in prospective company; with advanced education background and solid working experience, I can assist the company to improve efficiency.
2013 ~ 2014 BA (Hons) Accounting and Financial Management Studies.
2008 ~ 2012  Professional Diploma in Accounting and Finance – International.
2001 ~ 2002  Certificate Program in Business Administration.
1988 ~ 1993  Kwun Tong Government Secondary Technical School.
Fellow member Institute of Financial Accountants (IFA) - UK.
Student member The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
(Pioneer/ Worldwide Trading as Electronic Material and Component, 25 HK Staff).
Be a coordinator and reconcile the transaction with Intercompany.
(World Leading Distributor Electronic and Industrial component, 1000 Staff).
Re-arrange documents retention/filing with outsourced finance team.
Achievement : Assist to pass and complete the annual audit in listed company with recognition by manager.
(Hong Kong Food and Sauce - Retail, Trading and Manufacturer - 100 Staff).
Being responsible for financial analysis and month-end closing.
(Local Handbag Trading and Manufacturer - Luxury brand customers as Prada and Coach - 50 Staff).
Support final account review and report to Financial Controller.
Leaving reason : Salary delay due to company financial problem.
(Healthcare - Radioactive Material and Smoke Detector - Trading and Manufacturer - 8 Staff).
Perform yearly Budgeting and Forecasting and consolidated accounts of PRC.
Accounting systems Oracle, Flex - FION, AS400, Daceasy, Accpac, JDE, SAP – R/3 Reva, SAP-SB1, Peachtree, Tec Systems, Navision and Dynamic with POS (full set training).Australian in Singapore (PEP holder)     +65 8264 0955    cameronpoulton@gmail.com.
A business manager with 17 years of operational and change management experience in top tier global organisations.
A Big Four qualified accountant who delivers control, cost and quality improvements.
A diligent and committed leader who motivates teams through collaboration, communication and negotiation.
A business manager with 17 years of operational and change management experience in top tier global organisations.
A Big Four qualified accountant who delivers control, cost and quality improvements.
A diligent and committed leader who motivates teams through collaboration, communication and negotiation.
Head of Financial Planning & Analysis – EMEA Institutional, Director.
CFO / Finance Director for client business of $1b revenues, guiding and informing senior stakeholders to achieve better commercial and strategic outcomes.
Led team of ten in budgeting, forecasting and reporting performance across core metrics of AUM, cashflows, revenues, expenses, headcount and productivity.
Prepared business reviews and modelled initiatives for management eg. distributor pricing, resource allocation.
Member of Operating Committee and represented Finance in product development and working groups.
Covered spectrum of product for pensions, insurers, sovereign wealth funds and retail clients – alternatives (hedge funds, private equity, real estate), fixed income, equities, multi-asset, solutions, active, passive.
Project manager for the delivery of improvements to MIS processes and systems.
Measured sales performance through new metrics, enhanced CRM data, launched new products.
Designed and productionised sales dashboards – by country, key funds,  top clients, client service/segments.
Hired and onboarded new joiners, managed and cross-trained staff in the UK, India and Hong Kong.
Head of Financial Planning & Analysis – EMEA Institutional, Director.
CFO / Finance Director for client business of $1b revenues, guiding and informing senior stakeholders to achieve better commercial and strategic outcomes.
Led team of ten in budgeting, forecasting and reporting performance across core metrics of AUM, cashflows, revenues, expenses, headcount and productivity.
Prepared business reviews and modelled initiatives for management eg. distributor pricing, resource allocation.
Member of Operating Committee and represented Finance in product development and working groups.
Covered spectrum of product for pensions, insurers, sovereign wealth funds and retail clients – alternatives (hedge funds, private equity, real estate), fixed income, equities, multi-asset, solutions, active, passive.
Project manager for the delivery of improvements to MIS processes and systems.
Measured sales performance through new metrics, enhanced CRM data, launched new products.
Designed and productionised sales dashboards – by country, key funds,  top clients, client service/segments.
Hired and onboarded new joiners, managed and cross-trained staff in the UK, India and Hong Kong.
Drove strategy to enhance revenue growth across regions and product lines.
Built, monitored and adapted global and regional operating plans and budgets eg. product, sales, headcount.
Drove product development and risk reduction through IT agenda to completion eg. trade capture, MIS.
Pursued cost and headcount efficiencies eg. funding, JVs, market data vendor selection.
Prepared and presented management presentations eg. quarterly reviews, product deep dives, tax policy.
Developed marketing materials eg. intranet pages, computer based training, global stamp duties.
Set up a robust business front office control environment for new and existing business to ensure accountability.
Hosted and participated in committees and working groups eg. operating, IT steering, onsites, legal pipeline.
Reviewed metrics of financial performance, operational risk and client profitability/RoA/RWA.
Led regulatory response for Equities eg. Dodd Frank, Volcker, FTT, dividend taxes.
Assessed, tracked and resolved open internal and external audit items eg. trader product mandates.
Maintained financial architecture, supervisory structures, business continuity plans and approvals.
Built strong relationships with Operations, Finance, IT, Compliance and Legal; directly managed three staff.
Products managed – delta one equity swaps on single stocks / baskets / indices, ETFs, stock borrow loan.
Product Control – Prime Services & Fund-Linked Products, Vice President.
Managed team of ten staff in daily P&L, inventory valuation and  month end production tasks.
Coached, motivated and empowered staff to maximise contributions, professional growth and team.
Responsible for quality of work, client relations, resource and cost management.
Ensured team complied with policies, met deadlines and applied professional skepticism at all times.
Products controlled – prime brokerage, stock borrow, listed derivatives, delta one/ leveraged notes.
Improved performance through business partnering and value-added management information.
Coordinated and implemented new business eg. South African equities and Australian prime brokerage.
Improved speed and quality of reporting eg. balance sheet, liquidity, client profitability, forecasting, budgeting, trend analysis, trader metrics.
Escalated system deficiencies, outstanding breaks, data quality issues and issues not well understood.
Prepared business cases and project plans, gained sponsorship and prioritisation eg. new P&L tools.
Delivered strategic change projects that improved controls and reduced costs and operational risk.
Led working groups that re-engineered architecture, practices, standards and capabilities eg. client cash.
Led problem solving and implementation efforts eg. price testing collateral, remediating data feeds.
Adapted to new tax, regulatory, accounting and legal entity requirements eg. fair value, SOX, audit.
Reviewed new deals, reported P&L to traders, attributed risk, arranged trade re-bookings.
Investigated and resolved Special Purpose Entity aged settlement breaks.
Documented procedures and trained new recruits, supervised three staff.
Products controlled – convertible bonds, bonds, bond options, swaps (interest rate/asset/currency/credit default).
Led projects and analysis to support aggressive business growth with effective control.
Launched dividend-enhancement hedge fund domiciled in Cayman Islands – set up risk infrastructure, authored Operations booking model, and achieved favourable external audit opinion.
Launched convertible arbitrage hedge fund and ETF gold trading business.
Investigated and analysed aged settlement breaks of $10m for swaps business.
Provided strategic thinking to ensure integrity of front-to-back change.
Enhanced processes and controlled costs eg. specification of new systems, ledger reports and databases.
Identified and championed improvements in static data quality eg. swap settlement.
Oversaw operational risk reduction – fewer prior period adjustments and amounts at risk.
Complied with external and internal reporting standards eg. IAS39 and inter-company reconciliations.
Reviewed and approved business unit balance sheets for completeness, classification and recoverability.
Reviewed internal controls and collected evidence that policies and procedures were applied effectively.
Provided value-added decision support and management information.
Collaborated with Management, Traders, Operations, IT, Tax, Compliance, Legal, Reporting and Risk.
Reconciled front office bookings to ensure agreement with actual cash flows.
Validated risk management system derivations of replacement values and inventory marks.
Reserved where appropriate according to Day One P&L recognition principles.
Products controlled – prime brokerage, stock borrow, OTC and listed derivatives, CBs and cash.
Prepared financial statements, tax returns, compliance and management reports for mid-sized companies in finance, real estate and professional services.
Planned and completed audits of pension funds, investment trusts and manufacturing companies.
Developed solutions to improve client processes and implemented new accounting systems.
Professional accountancy qualification – awarded with Distinction, now a Fellow.
FINANCIAL SERVICES INSTITUTE OF AUSTRALASIA Graduate Diploma of Applied Finance.
Accountancy major – awarded with Merit (Top 5%), first place in Tax Law.Associate, Asia Special Situations Group Product Controller.
Analyze pipeline investments, review financial due diligence, and recommend transaction structure to maximize financial reporting return, tax benefits, and regulatory compliance.  Review financial models focusing on earning, balance sheet metrics and valuation.  Recent deals include acquisitions of distressed debts and private equity in China and Southeast Asia.
Analyze and present fund performance of SPVs to Board of Directors and Controller senior management.
Handle various aspects of investment management post acquisition, including day-to-day financial/valuation/operational/regulatory/tax monitoring of multiple funds throughout the investments’ life cycle.
Manage SPV restructuring projects to achieve the entity rationalization regime enforced on U.S. Bank-Holding Companies, while optimizing GS’ tax planning and expense reduction. Recent deal includes US$500m preferred shares buyback from Commerzbank AG to achieve US$3m tax benefit.
Rated amongst top performer nationally and selected as 1 of 3 members (in a practice of 350 people) to join the M&A advisory program in providing deal assistance and technical accounting analysis to investment banks and corporate companies undergoing strategic transformation.
Identified and presented key issues to clients through review of extensive deal documents under high-pressure environment, and resulted in timely negotiation prior to deal execution.
  Investment banking/private equity consultation – SEC regulation research; MD&A and IPO document drafting.
  Purchase price allocation and goodwill analysis - Corning Inc. strategic partnership with Samsung   Consolidation analysis – PE strategic acquisitions and spin-offs.
Led a team of staffs and managed relationship with key constituents including client management, legal advisors, and other consultants to deliver projects under tight deadlines.
Executed divestiture transactions across multiple sectors by assessing scope of carve-out business, identifying key accounting issues that impact pro-forma and financial projections, and building Excel models to expedite constant data analyses.
US$300m Sale of Sealed Air food packing business to strategic buyer.
 Led weekly status meetings with management, external auditors, and advisors to ensure updates and issues are identified and resolved timely; assisted with buyers’ due diligence requests and worked with division CFO to make carve-out adjustments to normalize EBITDA.
US$1.2b Sale of Hess Energy Marketing Business to Direct Energy.
 Identified key accounting issues impacting P&L and performed extensive revenue and cost analyses to help separately assess Energy Marketing’s stand-alone financial results.  The analyses helped to build financial projections for the negotiation process.
US$750m Sale of Caterpillar Logistics Services to Platinum Equity.
 Analyzed US GAAP to IFRS differences that resulted in identifying an US$200m off-balance-sheet item; drafted first-time IFRS carve-out financial statements to facilitate international bidders’ due diligence process.
Senior Auditor, Ernst & Young LLP – Canada                       Sep 2009 - Oct 2011 VANESSA YEUNG.
Annual Women’s Network Conference Program Developer, Goldman Sachs                                 2016.
Diversity Inclusiveness & Flexibility (DIF) Committee Coordinator, Ernst & Young LLP          2013- 2015.
Ascend New York Regional Conference 2013 Program Developer, Ascend Leadership Group                   2013.
■ Cell: 852-5696-3332 ■ E-mail: vanessa.yeung33@gmail.com ■.
ARCT Piano Performer Level, Royal Conservatory of Music Canada (summa cum laude).
Chartered Accountant and Certified Public Accountant – Canada and U.S.A.- supervise AP team to ensure invoices are processed accurately and in compliance with company policies and tax/regulatory requirements.
- key point of contact for audit & tax matters for SG HQ, HK branch and Indonesia Rep office.
- review monthly cash flow forecasting, month-end journals, quarterly GST return and MAS return.
- supervise the day-to-day operations of the finance team for subsidiaries/division in Malaysia, Thailand, Philippine, Vietnam & Indonesia.
- in charge of MY GST project, from implementation to the monthly GST filing.
- lead the country finance operation and ensure compliance with US GAAP, Local GAAP, tax, SOX and other statutory requirements.
- support all corporate and statutory compliance topics, including but not limited to (a) external & internal audit/tax/SOX review; (b) preparation and filing of relevant corporate tax returns and other tax related matters.
- manage the month-end closing process to conform with company policy, and to review and analyze general ledger details to ensure all relevant accounting transactions have been properly recorded.
- preparation/plausibility checks on movement schedule for all relevant balance sheet & income statement account, and manage the cash flow and bank reconciliation on a timely manner;.
- Supervise a team of two (assistant accountant and account assistant).
- review of tax filing and tax returns for submission to Singapore tax authorities.
- ensure implementation and proper execution of internal controls set by the management and the regulatory authorities.
- liaise with auditors, tax authorities and other relevant government departments.
- review of monthly financial reports and ensure timely submission for group consolidation purposes.
- review on financial statements which prepared by accountants.
- liaise with bankers on trade facilities and other external parties (ie creditors, corporate secretary, solicitor and auditors).
- prepare financial reports for management (ie cash flow projection and budget).
- provide recommendations to improve on financial performance after analysing and interpretation of financial data.
- involved in implementation and customisation of new ERP system (Open Bravo).
- participate in contracts review particularly in areas where there is a financial impact.
- involved in the business and advises management and operational managers on business decisions, internal controls and areas for improvements.
- lead and assist in the statutory audit of public listed, statutory board, privately held companies and a multi-national company.
- advised clients on accounting and industry developments and recommended improvements to the presentation of financial statements.
- lead in the audit of Singapore subsidiary companies in United States.
- lead and assist in audit of public listed companies, privately held companies and multi-national companies.
- lead in the audit of a Malaysian subsidiary company in China.
- actively involved in preparation of consolidation financial statements.
- have experience in auditing industries such as manufacturing, education, non-profit organisation, trading and construction.
- in charge of audit planning, fieldwork until issuance of audited report.Flat E, 17/F, Block 5, Phase 2, Belvedere Garden, Tsuen Wan, HK Tel: 9744-2082 Email: sherrycws@gmail.com.
An undergraduate at the University of Hong Kong. Responsible, detail-oriented, willing to devote to work and able to work under pressure. Effectively work in a multi-task and team environment. Have good organizational skill and great interest in accounting. Specialize in accounting, administrative work and interacting with people. Fluent in Chinese, English and Mandarin. Proficiency in computer applications. Good commands of English and Chinese character inputs and Microsoft Office Suite.
1/11/2012 – 31/3/2017 Senior Accounting Officer - Small business management (Promoted from Accounting Officer on 1 Jan 2016).
Summer Internship in Winnie Tsui & Company which works for Manulife International Limited.
Compiling and categorizing data, documenting and verifying reasonableness.
Assisting in analysis of clients’ personal financial situation, plans and objectives.
Participating in the development and analysis of financial strategies in clients’ wealth management creation and protection.
Student member, Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) (papers F1 - F9, P2 - P3 passed).
2009  Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination, papers I & III.
2007-2010  One major in Risk Management and one major in Finance, Bachelor of Science, The University of Hong Kong.
Available date: Sep 27, 2017    Present salary: $25,000      Expected salary: negotiable.
Preparing monthly consolidated management reports & performance variance report.
Liaisoning with colleagues in Mainland for handling China tax issue.
Preparing and completing Employer's Return of Remuneration & Pension submitting to IRD.
Staff Accountant 2 (Promoted from Staff Accountant 1 on 1 Apr 2012).
Full-time position in China.hk Intellectual Property Services Co., Ltd.
Processing of trademark and design applications worldwide under the supervision of senior members of the company.Room 13, 11/F, Choi Yip HSE, Choi Fai EST, Ngau Chi Wan, Hong Kong.
Home: (852) 2759 3866    Mobile: (852) 6225 1261  victorlsw@gmail.com.
Certified Public Accountant with 9+ years of experience in global top tier investment bank and accounting firm.
Experienced product controller and Finance business partner with managerial background.
Strong knowledge in business processes and regulatory requirements of clients in the financial service industry.
International/Hong Kong Accounting Standards and Financial Reporting Standards.
Regulatory reporting to Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) and compliance with SFC Ordinances.
Regulatory reporting to Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) and compliance with Banking Ordinances.
Product Control; Management reporting; Financial analysis; Budgeting and Cost allocation.
Member – Certified Public Accountants (CPA)  January 2012 – Present.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance.
Manager, Finance Control Group – Fixed Income Product Control  February 2014 – Present.
Review and ensure the proper execution of the routine control process performed by Mumbai team.
Deliver daily revenue and attribution reports for business units to sign off.
Handle daily ad hoc queries on revenue and balance sheet from clients, internal teams and external parties.
Substantiate revenue, balance sheet and valuation adjustment for monthly, quarterly and yearly reporting.
Monitor the desk’s trading strategy and risk positions to provide information for analysis.
Act as the point of contact for all Finance and downstream related issues.
Discover and come up with suggestions for improvement on control and attribution deficiencies.
Associate (contractor), Finance Control Group – Corporate Services Finance  June 2012 – January 2014.
Managed Space and Occupancy, and Corporate Services related expenses in Asia Pacific, including budgeting and preparation of financial analysis for client facing.
Liaised with Budapest Fixed Assets team and Legal Entity controllers in monthly fixed assets maintenance.
Liaised with Corporate Service teams in preparing on-going client presentation and cost savings review.
Prepared capital planning and financial analysis for Asia Pacific real estate strategies.
Managed cost allocation from Corporate Services and Equity Research to business units.
In-Charge of different teams to perform statutory audit on and provide ad hoc financial services for a portfolio of clients including corporate and investment banks, hedge funds, retail banks and securities dealing companies.
Planned and prepared overall audit approach, timeline, resources allocation and budget.
Reviewed the operation processes and tested the internal controls of different clients’ business functions.
Assisted clients in timely regulatory reporting to HKMA including review on Liquidity Position Return and Return of Large Exposure, and assessed clients’ compliance with Banking Ordinances.
Assisted clients in timely regulatory reporting to SFC including review on Financial Return and Assessed clients’ compliance with applicable SFC Rules.
Performed review on Banking Return and assessed clients’ compliance with South African Bank Acts.
Performed valuation tests on investments and derivatives including fixed income, equities, forwards, options and swap.
Performed walkthrough tests on specialized activities including trade finance, index and dividend arbitrage, stock borrowing and lending, clearing services and security dealing, etc.
Investment Banks: ABN AMRO, China International Capital Corporation.
Corporate Banks: HSBC, Bank of China, Standard Bank Asia, Fubon Bank.
Exclusive for selected university students with high potential, proven performance on academic studies and extra-curricular activities.
In-Charge of an accounting forum to provide career information for over 150 students.
Business Association, The University of Hong Kong  2005 – 2006.
In-Charge of an annual academic function focusing on the investment banking industry in China; Organized firm visits and discussion forum for over 200 students.
In-Charge of a joint-university function for over 130 students from different universities.
Prepared marketing proposal and negotiated with corporations to raise funds for The 10th Anniversary Program.To use my experience and educational qualifications as Senior Accountant and allows me to use my skills to help the organization achieve the goal.
Ability to work in all aspects of accounting, General Ledger, Profit & Loss, Balance Sheet, Accounts payable, Accounts receivable, management reports, daily banking transactions and deposits, month-end closing, year-end audit & annual budget.
Ability to prepare schedule / reports to meet accounting and auditing requirements.
Ability to help achieve financial objectives by scheduling expenditures, monitoring cost and analyzing variances.
Experience in performing human resources (HR) tasks including payroll, MPF, HK working permit and visa application, local tax (e.g. prepare staff yearly employer tax return IR56B, IR56F, IR56G).
Previous experience in office operation as an Administration Manager.
Knowledge of compensation practices and Hong Kong Labour Ordinances.
Proficient in PC applications such as Word and Excel and systems, i.e. QuickBooks accounting system, Flex accounting system, Dynamic accounting system.
Good verbal and written communication in English and Chinese, and Putonghua.
Ability to work independently or work effectively in a team environment.
Self-motivated, flexible, confident and able to adapt and work efficiently in a fast-paced environment and stressful situations.
Handle full set of accounts (with using Flex accounting software).
Prepared the month-end closing, monthly management reports and financial reports and report to the Management team.
Inter-company – Handle inter-company invoices and settlements.
Stay up-to-date, monitor and review all accounting reports to ensure accuracy.
Handle bank Reconciliation and inter-company reconciliations.
Maintain financial databases and computer software systems along with manual filing and check bookkeeping records.
Assist in HR operation including payroll, MPF and taxation issue   Other ad-hoc projects assigned by Director.
Handled full set of accounts and coordination with head office in the US for various Hong Kong entities and Beijing representative office.(used QuickBooks accounting software).
Supervised Beijing’s colleague to handle the Beijing’s accounts.
Prepared the group consolidated accounts, month-end closing, monthly management reports and financial reports and report to the Management team.
Internal control accounts payable and accounts receivable.
Stayed up-to-date, monitor and review all accounting reports to ensure accuracy.
Maintained financial databases and computer software systems along with filing and preparing bookkeeping records.
Handled expenses reimbursement, bank Reconciliation, inter-company reconciliations  Coordinated with External Auditor for company annual audit.
Assist in HR operation including payroll and taxation, handle visa / work permit application for expatriate’s employee.
Supervised one admin staff to handle full spectrum of office administration functions.
Performed HR duties include managed payroll calculation, MPF and compulsory Insurances  Administered payroll and maintained records relating to staff.
Ensured compensation and benefits according to Company policies.
Recruited staff, prepared advertisements, checked application forms and shortlisted.
Liaised and deal with different levels of clients and vendors.
Followed up orders from quotation preparation and invoicing.
Handled full set of Account such as accounts receivable, accounts payable, bank reconciliation, job costing, petty cash, wages calculation, P/L and B/S, etc.
ROYAL MELBOURNE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY UNIVERSITY AUSTRALIA (RMIT UNIVERSITY).
Diploma in Management Studies (English) – Jointly Organized with Lingnan University.
COMPUTER:  MS Word, Excel and Chi. Word Processing, PowerPoint.
Flex accounting system, DYNAMIC accounting system, QuickBooks accounting system, MRC payroll system.VICTORIA  KIKHARD,  CAIA          victoria.kikhard@gmail.com+852.9666.9487.
Canadian   Investor   Relations   professional   seeking   an   opportunity   to   build   upon   the   existing   financial   services   skill   set   in   both   client  servicing  and  reporting  in  order  to  gain  employment  within  the  Alternative  Investments  industry  in  Hong  Kong.
   8+  years  of  financial  services  experience,  5+  of  which  within  the  hedge  fund  /  private  equity  industry.
   Proven  record  of  building  and  maintaining  client  relationships,  12+  years  of  customer  services  experience.
   Outstanding  sales  records  obtained  during  4  year  employment  at  a  large  retail  bank.
   Excellent  communication,  organizational  and  time  management  skills.
   Detail  oriented  and  passionate  about  quality  improvement  in  investor  relations  processes.
   Hedge  fund  administration  subject  matter  expert  with  the  ability  to  resolve  technical  and  analytical  problems.
Excel    Power  Point    Investran    Bloomberg    CRM    Clienteer    Trade  Management  Systems    Moxie  .
STATE  STREET  FUND  SERVICES  LIMITED  (Hong  Kong)   Nov  2016  –  Present.
State  Street  Corporation  (NYSE:STT)  is  one  of  the  world's  leading  providers  of  financial  services  to  institutional  investors,  including  investment  servicing,  investment  management,  and  investment  research  and  trading.  State  Street  Fund  Services  Limited  is  part  of  its  Alternative  Investment  Solutions  group  which  is  the  largest  alternative  funds  administrator  in  the  world  with  combined  over  $600.
   Managing   a   team   of   three   which   provides   investor   services   to   30   private   equity   clients   comprised   of   103   funds   with  approximately  2300  investors  in  total  (~$160  Billion  AUA).
   Responsible  for  execution  of  limited  partners  on-­boarding,  obtaining  KYC/AML  documents,  reviews  and  approvals     Processing  of  all  investor  activity,  CRM  maintenance  and  FATCA/CRS  reporting.
   Spearheaded   various   records   collection,   maintenance   and   retention   projects   resulting   in   increased   transparency   and  efficiency  of  processes.
   Additional   services   include   facilitation   of   bank   account   openings   for   the   funds   and   advisory   on   fund   subscription  documentation.
West  Face  Capital  Inc.  is  a  Toronto-­based  asset  management  firm  with  AUM  of  $1.7  billion.  The  firm  focuses  on  distressed,  event-driven,  opportunistic  and  special  situations  investments.  West  Face  has  experience  of  investing  across  the  capital  structure  in  public  and  private  opportunities  in  both  Canadian  and  international  markets.
   Reported  to  Managing  Director  of  Investor  Relations,  handling  of  the  existing  450+  investor  base.
   Responsible  for  day-­to-­day  investor  correspondence,  updating  investor  records,  completing  DDQs/RFIs  and  audit  confirms.
   Reviewed  trade  documentation,  collected  investor  identification  documents  (KYC/AML/FATCA)  to  ensure  compliance.
   Updated  two  pitch  books,  drafted  and  designed  various  marketing  materials.
   Distributed  the  quarterly  investor  letters,  statements  and  performance  estimates.
   Created  and  reconciled  custom  financial  reports  (P&L/Exposure).
   Worked  closely  with  data  analyst  to  streamline  investor  reports  resulting  in  increased  efficiencies  on  common  queries.
   Conducted  research  on  worldwide  marketing  legislations  and  organized  all  supporting  documents.
   Created  a  process  manual  and  continuously  coached  one  junior  investor  relations  staff.
The  Citco  Fund  Services  companies  are  the  world's  pre-­eminent  hedge  fund  administrators  and  have  over  40  years  experience  in  the  provision  of  administration  and  other  services  to  their  hedge  fund  clients,  many  of  whom  are  leading  names  in  the  industry.
   Promoted  out  of  team  of  nine  based  on  timely  and  accurate  deliverables  and  consistently  exceeding  clients’  expectations  when  acting  as  the  main  point  of  contact.
   Developed  four  junior  team  members  through  effective  management,  mentorship,  and  training.
   Responsible   for   approval   of   cash   movements,   NAV   reconciliations,   investor   and   financial   reporting   for   five   clients,   42  onshore/  offshore  feeders  with  approximately  $20  Billion  AUM.
   Coordinated   hedge   fund   administrative   processes,   such   as:   trades   completion,   investor   verification   (KYC/AML),   audit  confirms,  financial  market  value  statements  and  ERISA  reporting,  and  K-­1  distributions.
   Tested  in-­house  CRM  software  in  the  development  environment  resulting  in  improved  efficiency  and  controls.
   Created  process  manuals  for  the  investor  relations  department  training  purposes  by  collaborating  with  senior  management.
   Ensured  flawless  operations  through  efficient  communication  with  accounting,  treasury  and  support  team  departments      TD  CANADA  TRUST  (Toronto,  Canada)       Jan  2008  –  Nov  2011.
TD  Bank  Group  is  the  largest  bank  in  Canada  by  market  capitalization  and  a  top-­10  bank  in  North  America.  Globally,  it  ranks  as  the  19th  largest  bank  in  the  world,  according  to  Forbes.  In  Canada,  the  bank  operates  as  TD  Canada  Trust  and  serves  more  than  11  million  customers  at  over  1,150  branches.
   Promoted  out  of  seven  people  based  on  providing  outstanding  customer  service  and  exceeding  sales  goals.
   Developed  financial  planning  strategies  based  on  an  analysis  of  unique  client  needs.
   Met   and   exceeded   sales   targets   by   effectively   consulting   on   a   range   of   personal   investment   and   credit   products   and  services.
   Increased  client  retention  by  identifying  and  resolving  issues  effectively.
   Built  a  thorough  understanding  of  retail  banking  by  processing  a  wide  range  of  day-­to-­day  transactions.
   Responsible  for  the  timely  and  accurate  management  of  daily  cash  shipments.
   CAIA  Association,  Chartered  Alternative  Investment  Analyst  Program       Apr  2016.
   Ryerson  University,  Bachelor  of  Commerce  in  Finance  with  a  Minor  in  Law   Jul  2011     Canadian  Securities  Institute,  Canadian  Securities  Course  (CSC)   Oct  2009.
   Enthusiastic  traveler  -­  enjoy  backpacking  through  Europe,  sailing  the  Adriatic  Sea  and  hiking  in  Hong  Kong     Fascinated  by  history,  psychology  and  behavioral  economics.
   Toastmasters  Club  Member  –  seeking  to  enhance  public  speaking  abilities  by  strategic  practice  and  feedback.
   Volunteering:  Karen  Leung  Foundation  Sohn  Conference  2016  –  raising  awareness  about  HPV  &  cervical  cancer  in  HK.
   Volunteering:  100  Women  in  Finance  –  Event  Coordinator  starting  Sept  2016.Developed accounting, finance and audit skills through extensive practical experience with Hewlett-Packard,      Schlumberger, and Big 4 Accounting Firms of Deloitte and KPMG.
Demonstrated good leadership, perserverence, diligence, teamwork, time management and soft skills via      involvement in various university groups, community groups and during my working career.
Excellent technical skills including programming language, Audit Software’s, IT/Business Software(s) (ie.      SAP/Oracle) and advanced Microsoft Office skills.
2012 – present, CPA Australia (Certified Practicing Accountants of Australia) Majors: Australian Chartered Accountants Program.
May 2003 - May 2004, Foundation of Engineering, Multimedia University, Malaysia Majors: Alpha Engineering.
2002, SPM (High School Certificate), Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Subang Jaya.
Feb 2015 – present, Team Leader, Statutory Accountant                        Hewlett-Packard, Cyberjaya Duties:.
Appointed as Team Leader with 4-5 staffs under me to carry out E2E complex financial analysis and       provided support to both Philippines and Singapore for each countries’ ACL(s), Controllership and BU Finance(s).
Handled HPQ Split to both HPE and HPI via transitioning and delegating job duties to newly recruited staffs       whilst providing supervisory guidance in Q3 and Q4 2015(i.e. official date of HPQ split is on 1st Nov 2015).
Prepared accounting and management reports whilst handling the financial analysis for both Philippines and       Singapore on their US/Local GAAP regulatory and framework as per AFM Compliance (eg. Balance Sheet, Profit       & Loss, Cash flow and Budgets on every monthly and quarterly basis for review during YEC of statutory audit).
Handled and coordinated Big 4 Firm’s external auditors and respective business partners during the interim and.
YEC (Year End Close) audit as per the requirement of the external auditors.
Responsible for Philippines’s VAT filings and VAT provisions, tax remittance, ANET reconciliation (i.e. as both       preparer and reviewer), Interco billing and WHT submissions, ROVAC and PTE, disclosure of leases and VIE,       contingency budgeting, local statistic surveys, funding requirement, accrual/reversal expense postings, etc.
Responsible for Singapore’s consolidation of the F5 GST tax submission/return, handled task force issues       (i.e. providing consulting services in respect of process improvement), LHJV and eQuate postings for GST tax      returns, ANET Recons (i.e. as both preparer and reviewer), supervised the KPI reviews for 4-5 staffs under me, etc.
Jan 2013 – Jan 2015, Intercompany Accountant                                      Schlumberger, Kuala Lumpur Duties:.
Preparing monthly & quarterly Global Intercompany Matrix Reporting.
[ie. I was in charge of Northern Europe Geomarket Region for MI entity and SMITH entity job tasks]     Initiated and documented process improvements in the Intercompany role to increase work efficiency.
Responsible for the Intercompany queries, Intercompany confirmation process and to ensure       Intercompany reporting are completed before the required expected deadline.
Running the day-to-day operations to meet the KPI objectives based on Service Level Agreements       (SLA) between the Hub and Region for Intercompany Accounting and Finance related matters.
Prepared the fiscal financial analysis reports and consolidated the management accounting reports as per       requirement by the Financial Controller and the Field Segment Financial Managers.
Provided operations support to Geomarket on the Oil & Gas contracts of Balance Sheet, P&L and cash      flow budget analysis for the Operations Controller and Manager’s planning and execution of processes.
Responsible for information and document collection by updating the client’s record on annual basis.    Managing and conducting financial analysis and audit verification with clients’ documents and data.
Utilized the Audit Software of Deloitte’s AS/2 (Audit System 2), SAP Portal, MYOB, Avaya VPN         and various other Accounting Technical Software for the completion of audit engagements.
Conducted audit and assurance based on Deloitte’s methodology in preparation of audit reports.
Providing professional advices and feedbacks for clients’ business strategies and implementations.     Carried out client statutory audits as per required from Sarbanes-Oxley(SOX) and US/local GAAP       framework from diverse industries such as IT, Engineering, Oil & Gas, Construction, Financial     Services, Banking, Logistic/Shipping, Pharmaceutical, Health and Fitness.
Retrieved materials from various client sources, maintain accurate audit records, processed a wide variety of accounting data, while identifying and resolving audit data discrepancies.    Demonstrated the ability to be initiative and to make appropriate linkages in between my audit work      requirements and anticipate the next steps to complete the client’s audit engagement.
Demonstrated effective work ethic skills that contribute to the smooth functioning of the audit team.
Used a variation of MS Office Software such as PowerPoint, Excel and Word, and other IT apps.
Drafted email communications to clients with clarity and via effective oral/verbal communication.
Worked in various PLC entities within the industries which had the following backgrounds of IT services, mechanical engineering services and construction services.
Building thorough knowledge of individual and business tax returns, processes and procedures.
Preparing and completing the tax documentation for clients’ tax returns.
Assisted in the preparation and coordination of tax analysis of clients’ financial statement and reports    Produced the tax depreciation schedule, tax journal entries, and tax capital allowance schedule.
Awarded 2008 Asian Internship Program via CPA Australia & Deloitte for this summer internship.
Assisted senior auditors with all phases of audit engagement.
Assisted for vouching, invoice data collection, pre-planning and closing of audited accounts.
Handling basic accounting duties such as recording transactions and verification of accounts.
Assisted audit seniors/supervisors in preparation of audit reports.
Awarded 2007 Asian Internship Program via CPA Australia & KPMG for this summer internship.
QuickBooks and MYOB, Microsoft Office Suite including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, FrontPage, and Outlook, C++ Language, HTML, PHP, ASP. Net, SAP System and Oracle System.
Microsoft Windows 2000/2003/XP/Vista/7/8/10 and MAC OS X 10.0 until 10.11.
Using good conversational and listening skills to ensure good communication with clients, entities, fellow colleagues and managers on field work at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Liaising with clients from various backgrounds and industries while maintaining a professional relationship with clients(eg with Finance Managers, Accountants, etc)in my past employer, Deloitte.
Accomplished projects through strong deduction skills and maintaining a cohesive teamwork      relationship by proactively discussing and contributing on issues at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Strengthened teamwork experience by jointly contributing on audit work sheets and audit job requirement of various aspects to complete the audit engagement in my past employer, Deloitte.
Developed time management and organizational skills via juggling of job task deadlines, job trainings,         working during peak periods (eg. YEC audit) whilst studying part-time to complete my CPA Australia.
Demonstrated the ability to handle the high pressure of client/job needs and demands via timely planning and coordination in my MNC employment(s) at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Leading my staffs/team by example with a firm job commitment and discipline to complete my required job tasks as per the expected deadlines at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Handled my staffs/team with decision making skills, the ability to supervise and guide my staffs/team to ensure they fulfill their respective job KPI(s) at HP, Schlumberger and Deloitte.
Excellent fluency in written and spoken English and Bahasa Malaysia.
Average fluency in written and spoken Mandarin and Cantonese.
2008 – 2009   Vice-President, Finance and Investment Student Society, Victoria University.
Identified issues that require the attention of the President and the FISS Society.
Guided and implemented the agendas of the FISS Society upon consultation with the President and Exec Committee.
2008 – 2009   Director of Information Bureau, VU Student Union, Victoria University.
Responsible for communication of the VU Student Union polices to the university students.
Responsible for enhancing the value of the VU Student Union through various events and exercises.
Designed and maintained the VU Student Union official website with union’s ongoing events.
2007 – 2008   Director of Public Relations, Sunway CPA Student Charter, Sunway Uni College.
Developed Website for the common use of information exchange as well as providing a one-stop point for students to access information of the SCSC club.
Being a PR person for the club on events and various CPA conferences held.
2007 – 2008   Treasurer & Website Administrator, In-Business Club, Sunway Uni College.
Designed and maintained the club’s official website with club’s ongoing events and activities.
Tan Pei Hong (Former Tax Manager), Bee Khon Tan (Former Audit Supervisor),.
Former Firm: Deloitte Kassim Chan, Former Firm: Crowe Horwath AF 1018, KL.
Current Firm: HCK Capital Group Bhd,                                     Current Firm: Malaysia Debt Ventures Bhd,.
*Preferably do contact Ms Tan Pei Hong’s office no first between Mon-Fri at 9am-6pm. She’s more reachable via her office no. Only contact Ms TPH mobile no if can’t contact Ms TPH office no. Thanks.Accounts Executive at Masai International Pte Ltd (Previous).
Invoice financing, backlogs, updating of invoice payable, inter co transaction, shipment and overseas supplier.
Out-stationed to client's place to do accounting service for client.
- Key-in of Master / Visa / Amex Payment / Cashier payment in to system.
- Sending of Statement of Account and Certified True Copies to customer.
- Preparing of GST filing report to main company for GST filing.
- preparing of payment for Insurance and road tax for vehicle.
- Sending of Statement of Account and Certified True copies to customer.
- doing E-invoice for HP and various government e-invoicing.Overseeing a team of GL Accountants, responsible for Global Revenue and COGS reporting for 16 entities. Ensuring timely and accurate reporting of pre-close, monthly and year-end financial closing. Preparing month end reports with variance analytics for management.
Daily duties include working closely with Sales Teams and shared services, providing operations and financial support whenever necessary. Liaising with vendors and ensuring timing booking of payables and dispute management.
Responsible for top line numbers for quarterly/annual compliance and statutory audits required for respective countries. Ensuring SOX compliance within the team.
Involved as key user for SAP implementation from in house application.
Actively involved during migration of data from Sybase entities to SAP entities.
Overseeing the daily operations of the 2-member Finance Team, responsible for monthly financials, ensuring that Profit and Loss, Working Capital and Cash flow as per forecast / plan. Preparing monthly forecast and yearly planning, including variance analytical reports for local and regional HQ. Working closely with Customer Service and Sales Teams, providing operations and financial support whenever necessary. Key personnel to liaise with External / Internal Auditor and External Tax agent.
Main lead for finance team in A.C.E. program, which involves work process improvement and safety at workplace.
Actively involved in the design and implementation of web-based claim system (“Concur”) and system roll out in Aug 2008. Main company personnel for JDE financial system implementation, system went live in November 2007, ensuring all data migration is accurate and there is smooth transition from old legacy system to JDE operations.
Leading a team of 3 accounts executives, job scope includes full set of accounts, monthly reporting to Japan Headquarters, preparing Profit & Loss Analysis, monthly sales reports and miscellaneous accounting functions. Responsible for annual statutory audits and quarterly GST reporting.
Monthly compilation and analysis of all regional financial statements received from subsidiaries, associates and affiliated companies.
1) Involved as key user for SAP implementation for FI / CO modules, also intensively involved as data migration data owner and process flow owner. SAP project went live for local office in Apr 2006;.
2) Actively involved in implementation of new in-house financial system (project ended in Mar 2000) with smooth transition from old to new system;.
3) Restructuring the control of Fixed Assets Register for company; officer-in-charge of subsidiaries fixed asset maintained in register.
4) Involved in the development of new in house application involving internal staff expense claims through a web-based server.Company name:        Red Money Group (Publishing and Events Management).
Current basic salary:      RM8,750 per month plus parking allowance.
Company name:        Deloitte KassimChan (Accounting & Audit Firm).
Head of Department (Finance, Human Resource And Admin)                  5 March 2007 – Current.
Review day by day all the accounting books records and reports done by the down line staff & preparation of monthly account closing for Kuala Lumpur, Labuan and Dubai offices.
Hands on with all accounting and finance tasks including bookkeeping and full sets od accounts even though at managerial level.
Maintain all the accounting records and reports monthly, quarterly and yearly.
Analyse the financial statements monthly and quarterly and report directly to the Managing Directors.
Review budget and forecast against the actual performance and prepare the financial analysis monthly and quarterly.
Responsible for corporate taxation, withholding tax and GST submission.
Liaise with the auditors, bankers, tax agent, company secretary and other statutory bodies for all regulatory and corporate matters.
Monitor closely the collection of payments received from the clients and liaise with the clients Malaysia as well as from overseas especially Middle East, Asian and Europe.
Review and implement the financial policies and internal controls procedures of the Company.
Involve in preparing and reviewing the company’s monthly budgets for entire group.
Responsible for monitoring cash position and cashflow forecast preparation and also maintain banking relationship.
Manage other financial related matters including the foreign exchange transactions which suppliers and customers of the company are worldwide.
Involve directly in preparing the project accounting for each project held by the group and give business directions to the management for future project.
Review all human resource tasks done by subordinates from preparing the payroll register until delivering the payslip to the staff inclusive recruitments, appointments, resignations, terminations, staff insurance etc.
Responsible to review the sales commissions’ forms claimed by all the sales team, event team and marketing team as well as other human resources matters and report directly to the Managing Directors.
Monitor the corporate credit card usage by entitled staff and payments to respective banks.
Responsible for application of new and renewal working visa for expatriates within the group.
Monitor and oversee all aspects of daily office administration functions and office maintenance is been carried out adequately by the subordinates.
Monitor and review the effectiveness of each suppliers in terms of pricing and quality of services rendered and product purchased relating to administrations stuff inclusive the company courier companies.
Manage the other related company offices which incorporated in Labuan and its branch office in Dubai.
Act as accountant in-charge for a number of clients assigned under portfolio starting from planning of audit works until preparing and delivering the audited financial statements as well as the consolidation of group accounts to respective clients.
Delegate the tasks to the subordinates and review the work papers prepared by them.
Ensure the completeness of audit working paper and all works to be done in timely manner to meet deadline.
For multinational companies, review the reporting package to be sent outside Malaysia once the audit done.
Liaise with the tax agent and company secretary for relevant matters.
Discussed with the client personnel on the audit related issues arise during the engagement   Review and understand the financial policies and internal controls procedures of every client.
Engaged with the special engagements such as the review of client forecasts and projections for IPO listing purposes.
Understand on the flow of preparing accounts from documents until the preparation of financial statements as well as the consolidation of accounts. Able to prepare tax computation and have good knowledge on the MASB / IFRS and Companies Act.
Experience auditing various types of industry which includes services, trading, manufacturing and construction. Arrange the audit from different industries in the same time.
Financial Accounting  &  2004-2006  Malaysia Institute of Certified Public.
Accounting Advanced Financial Reporting (Module  International Reporting D - Passed).
Leadership &  2002-2003  MARA university of Technology (UiTM),.
Withholding Tax & GST  2000-2001  MARA university of Technology (UiTM).
Expected salary is RM9,000 per month   Available after 3 months notice.My name is Juliana Sanusi. I graduated from MONASH University, qualified as Bachelor of Business and Commerce, specializing in Accounting and Banking and Finance. I am currently taking CPA Australia with 2 more professional papers to complete. I found this position matches well with my career interest and development, as well as my qualification background.
My latest job was in an accounting firm for 2.5 years, doing full sets of accounts (General  Ledger, balance sheet, profit and loss, bank reconciliation, cash flow statement, fixed assets and other balance sheet schedules, deferred tax calculation, monthly management account) and financial statements and corporate tax returns for non-audit companies for Singapore and Australia clients.
I was working in audit field before I joined my latest company in July 2013. I have approximately five years working experience in audit field and at the same time doing tax computation for a total of 9 years. During these years, I was involved in handling external audit work according to FRS. This included ensuring that audit work was carried out as planned, preparing and finalising financial statements, and preparing tax computations and returns (Form C). I was exposed to external audit work for trading companies, shipping company, construction company, investment holding companies, retailer, restaurant, and manufacturing company. I was also exposed to ad-hoc works such as secretarial work (AR, AGM, and directors’ resolution).
Directly dealing with clients and tax officers in order to explain and discuss the work matters, is also part of my job all over the period. My working experiences have prepared me for the challenges and responsibilities that I will undertake in my next career and provide me with the ability to work under pressure to complete my engagements on time.
Hereby I enclose a copy of my resume for your kind perusal. The transcripts, testimonials, and other documents will be provided upon request.
If you should require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me on (+65) 92373971 or via email. I am available for an interview at your convenience and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
_____________________________________________________________________________.
College    :  Curtin International College, Medan (an offshore campus of.
July 2003 – March 2004  :  20% Merit Scholarship at Curtin International College.
July 2000 – June 2003   :  Full Scholarship during Secondary High School.
Duties  :  Prepare full sets of accounts,(general ledger, balance sheet, profit and loss, fixed assets and other balance sheet schedules, deferred tax calculation, bank reconciliation, monthly management account); prepare BAS (quarterly GST) for clients; prepare annual financial statements and tax computation (including submission of Form C to IRAS), This includes Australia;s self-managed superannuation fund, unit trust, trusts, partnerships, sole proprietor, proprietary limited companies, and Singapore’s  private limited companies; liaise with IRAS and ATO tax officers on behalf of clients, prepare monthly/quarterly GST for clients; and monthly submission of CPF to CPF Board.
Reason for leaving :  My Australian boss went back to Australia in February 2016 and I took this opportunity to take care of my daughter who was still 10 months old at that time.
Duties  :  Handling external audit work, preparing tax computation and.
tax return and dealing with clients directly, preparing statutory accounts.
Reason for leaving :  To pursue my career in an accounting firm other than audit.
Major types of assignments undertaken throughout my employment:.
Address      16 Raffles Quay #22-00 Hong Leong Building Singapore 048581.
Duties     :  Handling external audit work in one of the audit units,.
Reason for leaving :  To work in small audit firm for family reason.
Major types of assignments undertaken throughout my employment:.
Address      149 Rochor Road  #05-01 Fu Lu Shou Complex                Singapore 188425.
Duties     :  Handling external audit work (including trading companies,.
construction companies, shipping company, investment holding companies, retailer, restaurant, and manufacturing company), preparing tax computation and Form C, dealing with clients directly, and preparing AR, AGM, and directors’ resolution.
Major types of assignments undertaken throughout my employment:.
2007 - Present    A member of ‘Golden Key International Honour Society’.
o Writing and speaking skills in English, Mandarin, and Indonesian.
o Currently taking CPA Australia with 2 more professional subjects to complete.
Ship repair, shipbuilding and conversion, rig building, and offshore engineering and construction.
Manufacturer of jet engines, medical imaging equipment, and power general equipment.Home Tel +65 62557824 Mobile / Day Time Tel +65 98773254 e-mail: muthusri@yandex.com.
Enterprise Data Warehouse, Data Analytics  and Business Intelligence.
10 years of experience in EDW design, Architecture and management in Financial industry.
4 years of experience in Big data architecture, solutions and technologies (HDFS, Spark, Hadoop eco system). Good experience in Architecture, Design and governance of Data lakes and Reservoir.
10 years of experience in Development, design and architecture of Data base technologies [RDBMS (Oracle, DB2, SQL Server), NOSQL(Cassandra, Hbase), File system(HDFS, Universe)].
8 years of experience in Data Visualisation (Tableau, Qlik view).
10 years of experience in Data Analytics in financial Trends, Pattern, Sensitive, Clustering and Predictive analytics.
More than 10 years of experience in Data integration such as ETL/ELT(Informatica, MS SSIS, SAP Data services) and Data Ingestion (Flume).
As a Strategist, accessed current BI /DWH systems and strategise  "to be" roadmap for next 3 years.
Designed and built highly available AWS clouds for Big Data Analytics application.
Good experience in implementation of Data Governance and framework, Define roles such as Data steward, Data owner, Data Custodian and Data user. Defined accountability of these roles.
Defined Data Policies, Principles, guidelines and Standards.
16 years of experience in development of ER(3NF) and Star/Snow flake Data models (Conceptual, Logical and Physical) using tools such ER win, ER studio and Power designer.
Experience in implementation of Meta Data framework using IBM Cognos Framework Manager  and SAP Info Steward.
Experience in defining and measuring Data Quality of enterprise with metrics and improvement plan.
Experience in identifying and defining data domain, subject, Entities, Attributes and Data lineage of source and target.
Program and Project management of EDW and BI projects in Multiple phases using SDLC and Agile methodology.
Experience in Vendor Management with SLA and Contracts of Offshore, external, Secondment, T&M and Professional services.
Experience in managing High performance team comprises of Regional, Local, offshore and contract resources.
Experience in managing stakeholders requirements and deliveries.
Experience in planning, Budgeting and monitoring of Capex and Opex.
Experience in team building and individual team member career development.
Experience in managing Operational issues, change managements, prioritisation of changes, tactical and strategic issues management.
B.Sc. Honours (Computer Science), University of Wales, Cardiff, UK.
Diploma in Chemical process, Instrumentation and Control , Annamalai University.
Certified Enterprise Architecture Practitioner - ISS, NUS.
Enterprise Architect (Data/BI/MDM Architecture & Governance), Enterprise Architecture office.
Play an active role in defining architecture roadmap for BI, EDW, Big Data Analytics(Using Hadoop and Hadoop Eco system in AWS cloud), Data governance and control and DM.
Business Analysis, Solutioning, Designer, Developed and Delivery(D3) of Data Management projects and setup data framework and hubs.
Business requirement gathering and scoping requirements based n delivery and priorities.
Architect and implemented BI platform with Dashboard using Tableau, Cognos, BOBJ etc.
Played role of strategist, Assessed current state and future to be state 3 years roadmap plan for data governance, data management(DM) and framework inclusive of data policies, guidelines and standards.
Assessed current state and prepared roadmap with implementation plan for strategic projects like MDM, EDW, Analytics, Big Data, ETL, Forecast/Planning and BI.
Defined Policies and standards for Dashboard,  BI reports classification, BI report delivery and Validation.
Set up and help projects and business to adapt Software AG's ARIS, Toolbar and ER-Studio.
Designed and built highly available AWS clouds for Big Data Analytics platform.
Setting up off shore Development centre in India for data projects in BI, MDM, Data Analytics and Big data.
Accessing current application roadmap based on sustainability, scalability and stability  for next six years.
Working on POC of Big Data Solution using IOT devices from Vessels and Containers. This is explore and determine maintenance to minimise unexpected down time and to improve efficiency.
Prudential Assurance Singapore Pte Ltd, Singapore                   2011 to 2013.
Conducted ad-hoc shop with all department to determine business needs of EDW and BI.
Direct software engineering, quality assurance, and production support teams for BI/ EDW projects..
Solution and D3 of green house strategic projects such as Enterprise Data Warehouse, BI, Claims Analytics, Customer value management, Data mining & insight, Core system (Life Asia and Group Asia) integration, Corporate Dashboard for CEO, Marketing, Sales, Finance, Claims, New business and Actuary.
Served as a member of the senior management team, responsible for setting up and implementing company’s development and transformation plans.
Establish and implement policies and procedures to comply with MAS regulations and Solvency.
Implemented Software AG ARIS enterprise architecture platform and standardise modules.
Access current BI systems and prepared "to Be" next 5 years technology roadmap.
Defined and refined current processes such as BPM, workflows and STP. Automation of SM KPI dashboard.
Organized JAD / workshop sessions with the business users to gather and analyse the business requirements for tactical and strategic needs.
Developed IT strategy and plan based on review of Strategic and Tactical Goals and align with the Technology Projects and Goals, staff feedback and understanding current IT system.
Architected EDW inclusive of logical data marts (Marketing, Finance and Distribution), Customer Analytics, Insurance business products analytics like new business, funds and investment analytics, Claims analytics, Data Insight and mining, Opportunity Vs misses analysis, Mortality analysis etc.
Worked in Core system(Life Asia and Group Asia) for Policy administration, new business & under writing (STP and RBP), Reduce Issue cycle through process streamline ,Claims, Pay out and Annuity.
Worked with Finance on interface for sub ledger posting and GL posting, recon report, Budget and tracking, Collections (New business, regular premiums), Claims etc.
Played Advisory role to senior management on Data management and architecture initiatives.
Manage, Mentor and lead a team of experts such as Junior Architects/Developers on Data modelling (Logical and Physical), BI, Data Analytics and ETL for Enterprise data warehouse.
Implementation of data governance, data management, data policies and standards and Data quality framework.
Setup enterprise architecture repository tools such as ER Studio and Power designer.
Data governance in terms of area of stewardship, user reference code, data inter-dependencies, to reduce of data redundancy. Implemented single meta data(SAP info steward).
Design and Implemented Integration architecture framework using ESB, SOA, MQ and BPM Workflow.
Assistant Vice President (Investment banking and Regulatory).
Solution. designed and developed project on regulatory reporting(IFRS and US GAAP) and Dash board for Risks(MR, CR, OR), PD, LGD, AUM etc.
Guide and train team comprises of developers, architects and business Analysts.
Solution and designed Scalable BI architecture at regional level for Prime brokerage business.
Implemented data quality framework with reconciliation engine to reconcile data from different source systems. Corrective and preventive action based data quality matrices.
Design and implemented data integration and data warehouse project for Prime brokerage including customer analytics, P&L analytics and Regulatory reporting for market and credit risk.
Set up Data governance and compliance reporting and monitoring.
Involved in all stages of SDLC, Agile and RAD methodologies.
Credit-Suisse, Private and Investment Bank, Singapore              2006 to 2010.
Assistant Vice President (Private Bank, Regulatory and Private equity).
Played an advisory role to senior management for DWH and BI projects for Private banking and Regulatory.
Project management in terms of resources, time and budget. Managed and tracked development cycles and Book of work. Work with QA to ensure the releases as per CMMI level 3.
Data Classification and Defined Data standards, Data Steward/Owner ship and Data life cycle as per Business needs and regulatory needs.
Solution designer,D3 and Architect of end to end of International Data warehouse project start from Source systems to Data warehouse systems inclusive of ETL, Data Storage, Analytics, Presentation and Reports. Design, Review and validate of Data Model for OLTP and DWH systems.
Conceptual, Logical and Physical Data model for DWH(ER Model) and Data mart (Dimensional Model).
Designed Data Quality engine to measure the correctness , effectiveness and accuracy of data.
Architect and Develop data model for Regulatory reporting (IFRS and US GAAP).
VISA International, Credit Card Service provider, Singapore             2004 to 2006.
Managed and Supervised of Application developers and DBA’s to implement successfully Web sphere application, Web sphere portal, Data Warehouse solution and Databases.
Established Data management standards. Developed Application architecture & standards, database policies, SQL coding standards and WAS 5.2 standards and policies.
Design and Architected Enterprise Database and Data Warehouse for fraud detection of Common purchase points, Customer spending analysis, patterns etc. Designed of Extraction and Transformation of data using tools like SQL DTS, PL/SQL etc.
Created full-attributed enterprise data model and enterprise data architecture for VISA’s risk Data mart.
Implemented Single sign on (SSO) module for extranet projects using Site minder.
Perform data profiling and data analysis to determine suitable data architecture.
System security assessment in terms of data security, database security, System hardening, encrypted data storage/transmission, PKI implementation, auditing, vulnerability assessment etc.
Created full-attributed enterprise data model and enterprise data architecture for VISA’s point of risk Data mart.
Defined  data management policies and to establish data management standards.
Vendor management and project management and to ensure that projects were developed as per LTA methodologies(SDLC and Agile)s and standards within budget and deliver on time..
Managed  team of developers and DBA’s (Oracle and DB2) to ensure DWH project delivery on time.
Designed, architected and Implemented High Availability database solutions,  data framework, Data warehouse / Data mart solutions, BI solutions and ETL solutions (OWB and Informatica).
Client Advisory and management. Developed system to give a holistic view of client needs and values.
Project management for Citibank data warehouse projects (Team size of 20) and delivered COTS phase1.
Design data warehouse for Credit risk, Market risk and Operational risk analytics and reporting.
Designed and provide solutions for Database, Data Warehouse, Data marts and Data Models for Business Intelligence Projects.
Tech Pacific (S) Pte Ltd (Take over by Ingram Macro), Singapore                1996 to 1999.
Regional Software Support. Managed project teams inclusive of DBA and Application developers.
Developed Data warehouse and Business Intelligence systems across region.
Member of APJ EIM Strategic Customer Advisory Council for SAP.
CMMI Level 3, BI Agile(Scrum and Sprint), SSADM, RUP and SDLC.
SAP BOBJ (WEBI and Crystal Reports), MS OLAP Services, MS SSRS, Micro Strategy 6, Cognos Power play, Cognos Impromptu, Cognos Transformer, Cognos Report and query Studio, Oracle Discoverer, Oracle Express and TM1,.
SAP Net weaver MDM 7.2, SAP(PI), SAP CE(Work flow,  BPM and BRM).
ESB, MQ, BODI(SAP Data services), Informatica Powercenter and MS DTS/SSIS.
Pervasive, Info sphere Info Analyzer, SAP info Steward, Talend studio,.
Netezza 6.1, Hana, SQL Server 2005/2008, DB2, Oracle 10g/11i, MYSQL, Sybase 12.5 and Universe 6.0.
Web sphere 5.x (Network Deployment) with clustering and Oracle 9iAS, WPS 5.2, Oracle Http Server, Tom Cat, IBM Http Servers and IIS.
HDFS, Hadoop eco system(Hbase, Hive, PIG Latin, Hive, Zoo Keeper, YARN, Ambari, Flume), Storm, Spark, Netezza(MapReduce), Cassandra, MongoDB.
Control M, Autosys, Zoo Keeper, CVM, SubVersion, Clearcase and Microsoft VSS.Profile : Was out of Singapore in 2016 for a research project which was.
recently completed; also undertook out- sourced finance portfolio.
Upcoming plans: Ready for full time position and there are plans to.
A competent professional, who is capable of undertaking responsibilities and accept challenges, within the financial function in the enterprise.
A committed and result-driven person with a keen and positive attitude in learning. My practical accounting experiences together with my IT trained background equip me with a competitive edge over my counterparts to execute computer literacy skills and application of accounting concepts.
I am organized, meticulous & self motivated both in my personal life and during my employment experiences. I take pride in whatever I do and always seeking improvements.
ACCA (the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants) is the global body for training professional accountants.
Diploma in Engineering Informatics :  Awarded By Nanyang Polytechnic, School Of.
Information Technology. This course provides  foundation in software development, system  integration and networking. Majored in Multimedia & Networking Applications.
I was my school representative for Badminton competition at National level during my primary and secondary school days. I brought glory to my school by winning 2nd and 4th place in the East Zone and National Schools Badminton Tournament.
I also participate actively in Annual Sports Day and won numerous medals. I took up Taekwondo as my ECA during my tertiary education.
Has had been obtaining Silver award for all annual Individual Physical Proficiency (IPPT) test.
During my years of studies, I was nominated Class chairman and treasurer by my teachers and classmates.
Industry : A local established after-market service provider for mobile devices.
Scope : Monthly Budget/Variance reporting & presentation to Director/CFO.
Timely analysis for business units/products for management reporting.
Review & approve AP/AR/Cash Management journals posted by team.
Conduct audit & compliance check at retail shops around Singapore.
Review and improve internal accounting or compliance matters with.
Travelled to China to review & reconcile oversea subsidiaries accounting.
system. Prepare monthly Budget and Variance analysis for 2 oversea entities.
Effective communication with team, other entities’ accountants, various account managers, operation director and CFO during discharge of work.
Industry : Certified Public Accountant Firm providing professional services.
Position  : Accountant (Managing clients’ compliance & accounting portfolio).
Scope : Full-Set Accounting/ACRA Compliance/GST reporting/Corporate Tax/.
XBRL filing/Company Incorporation/Corporate Secretarial services/.
Fiduciary services/ Cloud services/CPF with Payroll/Audit/.
Business unit performance analysis/Financial planning & budgeting.
Client : Corporate training provider/Fund Investment firm/.
Industry : A enterprise solution provider for 41 countries.
Period : Sep 09 to Mar 11. (Feb09 to Aug09; took self improvement courses).
Job Scope : Manage a total of 10 entities for Asia Pacific in financial reporting;.
timely closure of month end activities for full set of accounts,.
prepare internal performance reporting for management review,.
GST/VAT reporting, Fixed Asset Register, Review of Balance Sheet.
schedules and P/L, Post recurring and adjusting journal entries, Bank.
Reconciliation, Corporate Tax computation,  Liaison of Audits,.
Providing  information  for Compilation of  Financial Statements in.
accordance to Company Act and S’pore  Accounting  Standards .
Industry : A worldwide operator of luxury hotels and lodging.
Dept : Regional corporate office for Finance (Asia Pacific).
Job Scope : Perform & facilitates a wide spectrum of accounting functions across a.
few  departments: Finance, Cash Management, Financial Services &.
Review & verify Sales report submitted by respective countries daily.
Review closure of contracts and revenue recognition during month end.
Identify internal control weakness and implement improvements.
Bank reconciliation in a high volume transactions environment.
Provide inputs on implementing automation of receipts creation in GL.
- Response to queries from Sales, Cash Management and Financial.
Prepare & process receipt journals for Asia Pacific region daily.
Verify data integrity from Sales report against In-house Finance system.
-  Reconcile discrepancies found in depository accounts shown in Bal.
Distribute bank statements for respective entities and departments daily.
Prepare Sales recon report for Cash Management and Financial Services.
Prepare and process accrual and prepayment journals during month end.
- Prepare payment journals & cheque issuance for Vendor and Staff.
- Identify & investigate overdue contracts with respective Sales Manager.
- Reconcile receipts against Bank statement and General Ledger posting.
System : Oracle Financial System, PeopleSoft, In-house System, Cognos report &.
Microsoft Excel. (Pivot Tables, formulas & VLookup function).
Industry : A Global leader in telecommunication & network solutions.
Dept : Regional Finance Centre (Shared Services Centre for  Pacific).
Job Scope : Full spectrum in Accounts Receivable function for Asia Pacific region.
- Review/Submit credit application and approval for new customer.
- Prepare budget and Forecast for Cash Management and GL team.
- Cash application & review internal control with SOX compliance.
- Review/Consolidation of cash flow projection for Asia Pacific region.
- Weekly distribution of Asia Pacific AR status to team and revenue.
- Provide provision for bad debt, revenue accrual and Inter-Co.
- Perform month-end closing financial activities – Conference call to HO.
- Head office Month-end balance sheet reporting (DSO + variance.
- Plan & coordinate with outsourced General Ledger Accountants, Cash.
Management team and support Auditors for auditing matters/query.
- Establish good customer’s relationship and respond to customers’ query.
System : Oracle Financial accounting software, Discoverer, Essbase & Microsoft.
Remarks : Contract position for 3 months; to relieve a AVP’s maternity absence.
Job Scope : Management Accounting for Asset & Liability Committee (ALCO).
- Preparation & analysis of financial report to submit to local & Head.
- To monitor external environment in which the branch operates and to.
assess the impact of factors such as: interest rate volatility, market.
liquidity, exchange rate movements and competitor bank actions.
- Determine the most likely banking environment for asset/liability.
forward planning and evaluate alternative rate, pricing and portfolio mix.
- To review all balance sheet risks including market risk, ensuring that.
adequate control exist and that the related returns reflect these risks and.
- Identifying trends and issues in the current month performance analysis.
- Prepares monthly MAS regulatory report (Income and Expenditure).
System : Hyperion, Essbase, In-house software (HUB & HMI) & Microsoft Excel (Charts, formulas and VLookup function).
Industry : A global company specializing in Cargo Management.
Remarks :  Company undergoing restructuring process and tender due to shift of.
Job Scope : Inter-Company Accounts Payable for Asia Pacific region (10 countries).
- Process local and foreign payment for vendors and inter-company.
- Investigate and follow-up outstanding invoices internally & Vendor.
- Co-ordinate with Account Manager and billing dept for billing matters.
- Perform month-end closing financial activities and reconciliation.
- Adherence to company policy and US GAAP Accounting standards.
System : Oracle Financial accounting software with Microsoft Excel (Vlookup.
Industry : An established retail company which specialized in home appliances.
Remarks : Left for career advancement; for wider exposure in MNCs.
- Credit Control and liaising with department managers for collection.
- Preparation of payment vouchers for staff reimbursement and vendor.
- Perform month-end closing activities, BS schedules and bank.
- Bank reconciliation, journal entry for provision, accruals and.
- Inter-Company billings and quarterly GST return submission.
- Preparing and attending to internal & external audit matters.
System : In-house Accounting software with Microsoft Excel.
I am a fast learner, analytical, result driven with a positive attitude in my work. I am also a detailed oriented person who is able to perform under pressure and adhere to deadlines.
I can be a team leader or player. During my 8 years of community work, I also developed my interpersonal and communication skills.
One of my future plans, in my career, is to be involved in a more analytical role in the organization.
I have been giving free tuition to students in a non profit organization during weekends for 8 years. This is one way of helping the less unfortunate people in our society.
Due to good track record, I was appointed the role of main coordinator on all matters or queries concerning tuition class.
Although I sacrificed my weekends, the return from it is much greater and meaningful because I learnt things that are not taught in our school education system.
Language Proficiency : Able to converse well in English, Mandarin and various.
Computer Literacy : Proficient in using various Operating Systems, Microsoft.
Training Attended : Teamwork & Effective Communication Skills, Credit.
management and Effective email writing for debt collection.
National Service  : Completed in 2003 with the rank of 3rd Sergeant.
Certified Tea Taster : Awarded in Beijing, Republic of China in 2014.
b) 1hr practical session preside by government official, and.01/11/2016 – Present Assistant Accountant Asiapay (HK) Limited.
． Review payment (cheque, ACH) before Senior Accountant approves.
． Provide professional knowledge for company development/new projects.
． Maintain adequate cash flow for settlement and bank accounts.
． Training & skill sharing to new account staff (HK & overseas).
01/04/2016 – 31/10/2016 Senior Accounting Officer Asiapay (HK) Limited.
． Review accounts payable and accounts receivable entries done by junior staff.
． Review payment (cheque, ACH) before Senior Accountant approves.
． Provide professional knowledge for company development/new projects.
． Assist and support account staff of oversea offices (mainly four countries).
． Maintain adequate cash flow for settlement and bank accounts.
． Training & skill sharing to new account staff (HK & overseas).
01/12/2011 – 31/03/2016 Assistant Accounting Officer Asiapay (HK) Limited.
． Handle accounts payable, accounts receivable and inter-company transaction.
． Review payment (cheque, ACH) before Senior Accountant approves.
． Provide professional knowledge for company development/new projects.
． Assist and support account staff of oversea offices (mainly four countries).
． Maintain adequate cash flow for settlement and bank accounts.
． Training & skill sharing to new account staff (HK and overseas).
． Handle enquiries from merchants and HK /oversea co-workers.
12/07/2010 – 30/11/2011 Accounts Clerk Asiapay (HK) Limited.
MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, Chinese Word Processing, English Word Processing.
The degree of Bachelor of Business Administration with Honours in Accounting (Second class honours, upper division).Pearson Fearn & Co, Senior Auditor, January 2016 – February 2017.
Handle various auditing task and prepared reports on auditing activities in different industries such as investment fund, insurance brokerage, trading, servicing, consulting, second tier audit firm, design and architecture, education, property and offshore companies etc;.
Make effective suggestions to improve internal controls which were implemented and duly appreciated; and.
Assist management in understanding various risks and errors in accounts;.
The job duties are as same as the above in Pearson Fearn & Co; and.
Handle various auditing task and prepared reports on auditing activities in different industries such as manufacturing, trading, servicing, retailing, property, construction, ship, law, clinic, consulting, education, school, charity, church, offshore companies etc;.
Fu Shu Carpark Management Co. Ltd, Accounts Supervisor, Oct 06 to Apr 07.
Monitor, check and review the entries of accounts receivable and accounts payable;.
Finalize and complete the management account for the management and auditor;.
Arrange the banking facilities letters, liaise with the bankers;.
Wah San Plastics Colourists Co. Ltd, Accountant, April 94 – July 06.
Handle and complete the management account for the management and auditor;.
Supervising and arranging the crane to upload and discharge containers on vessels.
Master of Professional Accounting, part-time, Sept 07 – Oct 09.
BBA in Banking and Finance (1st class honours), part-time, Oct 97 – Dec 07.
Postgraduate Diploma in Corporate Compliance (In Progress, HKUSpace).As an excellent mind with a good health and many creative ideas in mind I would like to request to absorb me in your firm as one of the candidates.
I have a good academic career. I had completed my ACCA (Association of Chartered Certified Accountants), Bachelor of Credit and Finance from University of Can Tho - Vietnam. Moreover I studied English at British Council in Singapore for one year to support my further professional studying. And I have studied with ACCA, as full time student at London School of Business and Finance in Singapore for about two and half years. With my hard work, now remain only one subject in total 14 then I can achieve ACCA. However whilst studying I have achieve great experience such as Full set Account, administration work, issuing invoice, manage cash well, computer skills -Account software, Microsoft Words, Excel, Access and Powerpoint…etc.
I’m an enthusiastic, creative, hard-working person who has a sense of humor and excellent communication skill and capable of working long hours. I can also speak Mandarin and write English. I have strong motivation and can perform well under pressure. I prefer challenging work .My education records are proof of my good learning and absorbing capabilities. I have been undertake responsibility and learn new skills and technologies. I am genuinely interested in full set of accounts, handing AP, Issuing of cheques & banking of cheques and other ad hoc accounting duties, reconciliation , audit and tax-GST, submission, taxation …etc.
I have confidence in my managerial ability and determined to succeed in your organization and attach full details in my enclosed Curriculum Vitae. I can provide additional information about my background at your request. Would you please consider my requests for a personal interview to discuss further my qualifications? Hope you will find it and I believe that if I have a chance to work at your company as a suitable position, I can promise you surely that I will do my very best.
Thank you for your consideration. I would glad hearing from you.
My Experience Description: (Present company Industrial: Hotel, Food and Beverage).
I completed ACCA in Dec 2016. I have been study at LSBF (London School of Business and Finance in Singapore) since Dec 2013.
I have studied ACCA at London School of Business and Finance in Singapore.Current/Last Salary:                          S$38,335 annum (13months + 2.4mths V.B).
 To widen my experience and knowledge to venture in the outside working world through hard work and diligence.
Senior Account Assistant (Full Set Accounts)                            Aug 2011 – current.
Handle full set of accounts and responsible for all accounts payables and account receivable.
Maintain Debtor Aging, liaise with mall personnel/lawyers for chasing of long outstanding debts.
Handle monthly bank reconciliation and various banking transactions.
Process payment promptly and within credit terms of Supplier/Vendor.
Ensure proper and complete documentation (invoice, delivery/service order, purchase order, etc) for all payments.
Reconcile Supplier/Vendor statement of accounts and advise Supervisor on any discrepancies or follow up action.
Prepare monthly closing journal entries and bank reconciliation.
Prepare GST reconciliation summary and submission of GST quarterly.
Prepare yearly audit report. Liaise with internal Site Office Staffs, external auditor and tax agent.
Generate billing, Statement of Account Reminder and follow up with the Demand Letter on overdue accounts.
Handle 7 outlets daily sale summary, tally collection mode with bank-in-slips, Nets and credit cards settlement slips and voucher, etc.
Following up with the outlets on daily sales report, cash collection and cash discrepancies issue.
Perform monthly bank reconciliation of credit cards, Cash Book & Nets and GL.
Prepare monthly debit notes to participating promotion partner.
Prepare rental schedule and submission of monthly turnover report to landlord.
Prepare related journal entries and posting to accounting system.
Certificate of attendance CCID – Think Service Think Us (14 hours).
(Retail, Wholesale, Inventory Control & General Function).
Handle 18 stores daily sale summary, tally collection mode with bank-in-slip, Nets and credit cards settlement slip and vouchers, etc.
Following up with outlets on daily sales report, cash collection and cash discrepancies issues.
Prepare related journal entries and posting to accounting system.
Perform monthly bank reconciliation of receipt entries with cash book, credit cards and GL.
Key/import mail order and export sales invoices into AR module in accounting system.
Extract retail sales and staff purchase data, export to text file and import into AR module in accounting system.
Ensure all invoices are entered into AR module and generated.
Handle enquiries on customers’ and interco payments (Wholesale Customer, Mustafa, QAF Brunei).
Clear outlet collection in AR module and transfer to AR accounts in GL.
Prepare inter-co debit/credit note and interco confirmation.
Prepare reminder for overdue invoices and initiate claims via small claim court if necessary.
Tie AR Aging with GL control accounts, perform month end revaluation and print monthly reports.
Update cash book for collection in office, wholesale and staff purchase.
Timely preparation of statement of accounts, assist sales dept in monitoring AR due date.
Extract inventory adjustment entries, check and match with average cost and allocate accounting entries.
Checked purchases, sales and inventory adjustment are updated and freeze data to accounting software.
Check if there any negative stock before month end closing and make adjustment module in accounting software.
Key inventory adjustments, enter physical count, and update variance in accounting software.
Collect monthly staff purchase, bank in and reconcile with invoices uploaded.
Follow up with subsidiaries’ sales report on Monday and Friday and update daily sales report to management.
Consolidate all the subsidiaries’ sales data and prepare sales report to GNC.
Monitor transaction in Livewell card and monthly reconciliation in GL.
Manage daily operations including remittances, currency exchange rate and cash management.
Handle data entries of customer’s particulars on telegraphic transfer application form.
Handle of inward and outward shipping documentation and process.
Provide good customer services and explanation to customer.
Handle of daily, bi-weekly and monthly administrative works & accounts.
Able to motivate and lead the team towards achieving organizational objectives.
Able to work under pressure, tight deadlines and manage day-to-day challenges.
Quick learner, self-motivated, willing to learn and able to work in fast pace environment.
Good working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Power-point.
Biztrack, AccTech (Money Changer System), UBS, MYOB, WMS (Pos System) & EMAS, Oracle, SAP.
Certificate in UBS computerised Accounting, Stock and Payroll.
Certificate in Microsoft Office Specialist-Office Excel 2013 Expert.A highly self-motivated individual looking for a accounting field position that can enhance my expertise on analytical and technical skills and contribute to the company profitability.
Also, to be an accounting professional, assisting the company to review and analyze the financial position, assist the management to optimize the company treasury resources through cash flow projection.
Highly self-motivated and team-oriented, easily adaptable to company culture.
Good interpersonal and communication skills with helpful personality, enjoy multi-cultural environment.
Confident to handle works in organized and efficient way, multitasker who can work well under pressure.
Able to work in fast pace environment and willingness to learn new skillset to adapt company grow.
Jun 2016 – Current ACCA@ KAPLAN Learning Institute Singapore.
Assist the Financial Manager to handle full set account function of the company.
Company revenue growing from FY2013 S$10 million to FY2016 S$60 million, able to manage the account in efficient manner despite the increment of complexity.
Multi-tasking to assist HR dept. checking of payroll for 350 staff strength.
Handle Full set spectrum of accounting duties, including Accounting Payable, Accounts Receivables and General Ledger functions.
Review Balance Sheet, general ledger accounts, income statements, Accounts Receivable & monthly accounts payable schedule (via cheque & LC/TR for oversea supplier’s).
Prepare quarterly audit schedule and handle external audit.
Supervise, train & review the accounts staff performance on type of duties - (2) accounts assistant & (1) Accounts Executive.
Responsible for month end closing process by checking & verifying that ensuring all journals were accurately processed in the system.
Manage & coach the AR Team on Invoicing & collection, ensure timely & accurate.
Responsible for the Account Payables (AP) and Account Receivables (AR) of the company.
Check Daily Time Record and process payroll, and update staff attendance record.
Logistics – manage import/export goods and prepare shipping documents, (Major Export Scheme).
Handle sales and supplier’s invoices to the MYOB system and ensure matching with PO and DO attached.
Manage account payables (AP) and account receivables (AR) of the company.
Process payments based on due dates to supplier’s via cheque.
Prepare payment vouchers of all payments. Chase payments from the customers.
Process monthly billing (telephone, subscription, credit cards, insurance & etc.).
Check daily time record, overtime, job allowance, transportation & food claims of all employees.
Process monthly payroll computation and monitor office employees leave.
Encode of all sales invoices to the Excel-Pivot spreadsheet.
Post, update & proper filing of documents (PV, sales, supplier’s invoices, bank slip, GIRO payments & etc.).
Submit quarterly summary sales invoices of all Keppel Company’s.
Feb 2004 – April 2006  Job Placement Resources Services Cooperative.
Process semi-monthly payroll (salaries and wages) of all employees, including bonuses.
Manage petty cash in order to ensure sufficient cash for reimbursement and urgent petty cash needs.To manage and meet the deadline on all necessary finance tasks, improve on company's procedures and policy and achieve the company's objectives.
Finance Manager at Diagraph Corporation Sdn Bhd (Previous).
1. Be a business partner to Regional Business Manager like providing analysis for sales analysis, and other operation matters.
2. Overseeing finance and operations team to ensure daily transactions are running on time and smoothly.
3. Ensure compliance with all statutory and internal procedures/requirements for Finance and reporting.
- Statutory compliance like annual returns, audited report, tax return.
- Internal report like monthly management account, budget, forecast and others US requirement report.
4. To make decision for any operation like billing, logistics, finance and admin matters.
5. To be HR manager in the office to process payroll, maintain leave records, maintain staff benefits and others related to HR matter.
6. Be a project manager for IT implementation of ERP accounting system (from convention accounting system to ERP accounting system).
7. To liaise with banker, auditors, tax agent, company secretary to comply with all the statutory requirements.
8. To liaise with internal audit on policy audit, internal financial audit, and also environment health and safety audit.
9. As a controller in the company to make sure all the operations done with the right policy.
10. Implementation SOP for the company to make sure smooth operations.
1. Updating weekly cash report to HQ in US for Australia, Papa New Guinea, Malaysia, Brunei and Singapore cash position.
2. Liaise with all countries banking matters like change of bank signatories, closure of accounts, bank guarantees and all other banking related matters.
3. Liaise closely with company secretary for all the relevant matters with HQ and local company secretary like annual fillings, board resolution on business activities and etc.
4. Liaise with lawyer closely on court cases matters, power of attorneys and etc.
5. Liaise with external and internal auditor on the yearly audited financial statements compliance with local or international accounting standards. Prepare all the necessary audit schedules to auditor to perform audit field works as requested by auditor.
6. Liaise with tax agent on for annual tax returns, estimated tax estimations, tax refund matters comply with countries income tax act like Malaysia Income Tax Act 1967, Labuan Offshore Business Activity Tax Act and etc.
7. Comply and submit all indirect taxes like GST, withholding Tax, Expat Taxes and etc.
10. To implement and improve petty cash policy in the company and act as petty cash custodian in the company.
11. To clean up the company balance and settle all the unsolved brought forward issues for deregistration of inactive companies.
12. Responsible for monthly balance sheet reconciliation. Resolved unclear balance sheet items and posting the adjustment into system to make sure all unclear items are analysed.
13. Work close with HQ to make sure they are aware all the local requirements to run the business smoothly.
14. Assisting AP Accountant to resolve all the problematic vendor’s matter.
15. Handle with all the office matters like tenancy agreement, handover and reinstatement of office units and expatriates accommodation.
16. Assisting supervisor to analyse monthly management accounts.
I have joined Tele Dynamics Sdn Bhd since Oct 2010 as Senior Accounts Executive.
I have promoted to Assistant Accountant in Oct 2012 and I have promoted to Accounts Manager in March 2014.
-Manage and monitoring of company cashflow and forecast cashflow on day to day basis. (Monthly collection at least RM15m).
-To manage the funding for repayment of banker acceptances, loan repayments, scheduled payment to main suppliers and others operating expenses.
-Liase with banker on the company's banking facilities matters like facilities granted to the company, Banker Acceptance, Bank guarantee, Letter of credit and all other related banking issues.
-Hedging of forward forex contract and spot forex contract to make payment to oversea suppliers.
-Reconciliation of Company's Accounts like bank account, debtors, creditors and others balance sheet related accounts.
-Preparation of management report, financial statements and reports requested by management.
-Direct liase with tax agents and auditors on the yearly statutory submission.
- Coordinate for tax projects like GST, Tax Risk Review and also statutory compilation like yearly tax estimation submission, tax computation and etc.
-Preparation and issuance of payments to suppliers and staffs.
-Preparation in Departmental P&L with more than 7 divisions and involved in preparation of yearly budget for departmental P&L and company.
-Analysis and commenting on the sales and service breakdown to CEO and director.
- Handle a whole tax department in the office and lead assistant to comply our company's goal.
- Assist client to dealing with IRB officer on tax matters such as appeal on mistatement of tax return, tax refund and other tax matters.
- Advising client on the tax matters and also assisting in tax planning.
- Handle full set of client's accounts for auditing, such as investment holding company, dormant company, trading company and others.
- Compliance financial statements for individual client for submission of tax return yearly.
- Knowledge on partly company secretary works such as preparing resolution, documents needed from client on certain matters, filing of annual return.
- Assistance in keying in company's accounting transaction, such as billing and collection by using ACCPAC software and also UBS software.
- Issuance of official receipt, billings, payment voucher and documentation works.
- Auditing on trading company with turnover less than 1million per year.
- Audititng on Investment Holding company with holding at least two properties.
- Assisting in outside audit for construction and property development company with the turnover more than 10million.
- Assistance in admin works like purchase office equipments.
- Assistance client in filing of form E and advising on other admin works.
- Preparing trading company's full set account with turnover above 3 million in a year.
- Preparing construction company's full set account with turnover up to 2 million.
- Preparing investment holding's full set account with turnover more than 100,000 in a year.
- Preparing services provided company's full set account with turnover more than 50,000 per year.
Key in daily transaction such as sales, pucharses, expenses and others related accounting transactions.
Issuance cheques to suppliers, company's car loan, and also others payments.
Preparation of monthly statement to debtor for collection.
ERP Accounting System, Microsoft Office(such as excel,word&etc), Oracle Acounting System, Smartview and Hyperion System, UBS accounting system.Tel:  +60 14-230 3163 (Malaysia) E-mail: ysoolee@yahoo.com.
Chartered Accountant (CA), member of The Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA).
University of Malaya – Bachelor of Accounting (1998 – 2001) (Maybank scholar) Honor degree (B)  HIGHLIGHTS OF KEY WORKING EXPERIENCES.
Led team to evaluate and analyze various cost charged by OEM (labor cost, add-on cost etc.) and partner with Business Operation team to ensure the charges were properly claimed.
Actively worked with Global Supply Management team, functional teams and vendors to drive solution and strategy for evolving changed regulation, tax and customs rules related to assets import/transfer among location, bonded/non-bonded zone.
Supported equipment re-use opportunity by discussing with Global Supply Management team, Global Capex team and Assets Recovery team to maximize the capex reduction opportunity.
Designed and documented E2E process to enable an efficient process and control on assets tracking and auditing to safeguard assets move/transfer in scattered geographical locations.
Assisted controller to define project roadmap on assets management transformation from current to future state.
Led team to work with US and Ireland based Finance and Operation team to ensure equipment record and financial result in Finance Accounting system accurate and up to date.
Led financial analysis on operations assets and projects, formulate recommendation to support growth expansion.
Hyflux Limited (Shanghai, China group) – Financial Controller.
Managed Finance team of 10 staffs with about 8 legal entities included.
2 membrane manufacturing JV entities with total assets RMB300M.
1 desalination JV plant treated 100 MLD with total assets RMB900M.
Handled and monitored overall management of Finance functions.
Act as financial advisor for JV partner and business partner with GM for each legal entity in providing key decision making information on strategically and tactical level.
Involved in presenting financial information to the Board of Directors for desalination plant on a quarterly basis.
Reviewed monthly Financial Statements, analyzed and compared with budget and last year actual result.
Reviewed budget, cost control, credit control and cash flow management.
Involved in tax planning i.e. CIT, government tax subsidy, transfer pricing.
Fostered good working relationship with bankers and government officers.
Implemented and improved internal control process, served as liaison to internal and external auditors.
Participated and improved accounts receivable collection, developed AP payment schedule.
Involved in quarterly and annual audit of group reporting package, including US, IFRS and.
In charged of group reporting of Singapore pre-initial public offerings (“IPO”).
People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) annual audit engagement.
Took up the role as China Coordinator Senior Manager for a multi-national audit client. Coordinate with each location and communicate with primary team on the audit findings and provide relevant reporting deliverable. Addressed audit and tax issues identified at each respective audit locations and report to China Vice President Finance and General Manager of the multi-national company. Also, assessed the effectiveness of the internal controls in place and provided suggestions on how to improve the internal controls of the audit clients.
Involved in various range of industries i.e. material-science, manufacturing, trading, consultancy services, wine industry, shipping company.
Bayer Group, DuPont Group, Heidelberg Group, Sinotrans Group, Owens Corning Group.
Conducted internal training for senior associates and participated in recruitment program.
Annual audits/interim review of H share, PRC and foreign reporting.
Directly involved in HK IPO engagement i.e. Regent Manner International Holdings, China Railway Construction Company Ltd., Fosun International Ltd. Work performed as below:.
Pre-IPO restructuring, business combination, profit and cash flow forecast, prospectus drafting, management discussion and analysis drafting, IPO verification work, legal and accounting submission documents.
IPO working group co-ordination and liaison between external (e.g. sponsors, lawyers, valuers, financial consultants) and internal parties (in-house tax, IT audit, technical departments) so as to deliver the high-quality job. Also, liaison with working group in providing prompt response to queries raised by regulators e.g. HKEX.
Suggested key internal controls to be implemented in business and operating process.
Responsible for the audit of listed and unlisted company in construction, manufacturing, trading and investment holding companies. Acted as senior-in-charged and report directly to respective managers/partners.
Built up strong analytical, accounting knowledge and consolidation of Financial Statements skill.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Shanghai China – Audit Senior Manager.Permenant Address : B-11-02 Sri Intan Condo 1 No17 Jln Selingsing Bt. 5 Jln Ipoh 51200 KL.
Leadership, planning, team-working, problem solving, building team, developing people, learning, volunteering, motivator and understanding.
To obtain a challenging position that will allow me to expand upon my skills and continue to accumulate knowledge.
To make a meaningful contribution to an organization’s continuously success and grow professionally.
Gain experience in a working environment, which will provide me with the exposure and conditioning with technical knowledge and skill in a wide range of accountancy areas.
Member of First Aid in Every Home and member of Public service -TMGS.
Lead a team comprise of GL section, AP section and AR section (10 staffs). In charge of Metrojaya’s specialists store (5 Companies accounts– Metrojaya Reject Shop, East India Clothing, Somerset Bay, Laura Ashley Malaysia and Laura Ashley Singapore).
Review and submit the monthly and year-to-date management reports (comprise of balance sheet, income statement and cash flow) included analysis and the comparisons to budget and preceding year to FC in timely and accurate manner.
Review the monthly bank reconciliation. Prepare bank letter for request for cheque images for unknown deposit.
Monitor daily cash for all the companies – intercompany fund transfer.
Provide addition documentation to Custom upon requested by them and address to custom queries.
Prepare Analysts on existing stores for management decision.
Attend Monday morning briefing held by GM in respect of finance matters.
Liaise with both internal and external auditors on areas that are relevant and to provide all necessary information and document.
Provide monthly statistical information (accounting) to Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Interview candidates for vacant position upon availability.
Lead sub sections - Account Payable, General Cashier, Payroll, Cost Controller-receiving, Store and Income Audit sections.
Responsible for the timely preparation and submission of the monthly management reports, schedules and all other necessary reports to GM and Owners. (Review, finalize and approve all month end journals, adjustment and the final monthly management accounts and analyst variances before submission to Assistant Financial Controller and Financial Controller).
Attend GM’s morning meeting in absence of Director of Finance / Assistance Financial Controller.
Check and verified on the Daily Sales Report (DSR) for the accuracy of the information before perform to GM’s morning briefing.
Prepare and submit the weekly report, asset report, HR training report and complimentary report to the Owners upon check by DOF and GM on weekly (Monday before 5pm).
Check and verify on the payment made by Account Payables (AP).
Check and approve on the foreign exchange rate prepare by General Cashier (GC) before submit to front office on daily basis.
Check and approve on daily JV transactions done by Income Auditor (IA) and GC.
Assist IA for their surprise cash count in various outlet and section (payroll and GC).
Prepare report expenses analysts on monthly base upon month end closing.
Responsible for the completeness, timely and accurate preparation of all monthly management reports and schedules.  Review and ensure all balance sheet accounts are correct.
Prepare and Co-ordinate on the monthly reports and flash report submission to the Owners on every 3rd of the month.
Attend Profit & Loss meeting. Well prepare for the questions from various department representatives.
Prepare monthly GM’s report and HOPR slides on every 4th of the month. (Obtain information from various department - Sales, F&B, Banquet and HR departments).
Monitor and maintain a positive cash flow position. Prepare weekly and monthly cash flow projections (assisted by Accounts Officers) for submission to Owner. Monitor bank balance and transfer.
Review and ensure that the bank reconciliation is prepared timely and accurately.
Prepare and submit reports request by Jabatan Perangkaan Malaysia (Statistic Dept.).
Check and verify all miscellaneous payments, resigned staff wages and check payroll (Rank and File).
Review Balance Sheet items monthly and ensure all accounts are reconciled. Analyst variances noted in the management report. To handle the exchange of data function with neighboring hotels, and prepare Hotel’s comparative data for management information.
Provide information to management as part of their decision making process, e.g. Compute various scenarios for bonus payment, compute the impact on different percentage on the annual increment, calculate the return on investment on major capital projects etc.
Maintain the chart of account and administrate the interface coding between the front office and back office.
Check and verify the inter-companies’ transactions and balances.
Co-ordinate the preparation of Year End Hotel Budget.  (Operation and Capex, etc.).
In charge of building up the assets register from the Owners’ listing beginning the hotel’s opening to present.
Maintain constant close liaison with Owner’s controller on initial set-up and all FF&E disposal.
Authorize disposal form for the removal of disposed asset out of the hotel by the buyer.
Co-ordinate the training programs for all sections concerned to ensure that efficiency is achieved and to conduct necessary training to subordinates; where relevant.
Review the work processes and to recommend ways to reduce time taken to prepare the monthly reports.
Carry out ad hoc assignments as designated by the Financial Controller from time to time.
Liaise with both internal and external auditors on areas that are relevant and to provide all necessary information and document.
Lobby Duty Manager once a month. Welcome the quest in a pleasant appearance and approach with smile address their ways to several needs.
Reports to the Finance Manager and GM in respect of the annual budget, projections, BNM reporting, management’s accounts and reports analyst.
Prepare projections and bases of assumptions for the management and board.
Provide and check information given to the actuary for the Stress Test report.
Analyst financial data and provide quarterly financial analysis report for Audit Committee Meeting (AC) and Board Meeting.
Analyst valuation reports obtained in respect of claims liabilities (CL) and premium liabilities (PL) on quarterly basics.
Prepare monthly and quarterly risk base report (RBC) –quarterly submission to BNM (Review and ensure the adequacy of capital availability in Risk Based Capital Framework report is in compliance).
Prepare Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) for the board on monthly basic (graft and analyst).
Preparing statutory annual financial statements in compliance with Malaysia Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS).
Prepare abridge, interim reporting and state reports on yearly basic.
Seeking quotation, planning and monitoring the process flow of the media publication with Advertiser.
Prepare translation of abridge and state reports on yearly basic. Ensure those reports are in the company web page. (Publication-Web and Newspaper).
Malaysian Motor Insurance Pool’s (MMIP) reconciliation checking.
Check and ensure on the fixed assets listing done accurately.
Check and ensure journals vouchers are recorded accurately.
Prepared the concern paper on Perbadanan Insurans Deposits Malaysia (PIDM).
Prepared e-payment procedures and flow chart for the cash section.
Perform any request from the management, board and any external parties beside PIAM and BNM. (Discuss and resolve issues arise during audit process with External and Internal Auditors.).
Co-ordinate and discuss with respective section head in furnishing ad hoc information required by local regulatory bodies and management.
Assists in conducting interview for job vacancy in Finance section.
Responsible to the Assistant Manager or Head of Internal Audit (“HOIA”) for assisting with financial, compliance and operational audits of all phases of Pacific & Orient Berhad and its subsidiaries’ (“POB Group”) operations in accordance with acceptable audit standards; providing management with analyses, appraisals and recommendations; and performing other related duties as assigned.
Under the general guidance of HOIA, the Assistant Internal Audit Manager.
Determines areas of risk for the auditable area assigned and appraises their significance in developing a comprehensive, practical programmed of audit coverage.
Develops audit programs and internal control questionnaires for new assignments and revises existing programs and questionnaires, if required.
Conducts audits (internal audit, risk management audit and corporate governance audit) assigned in accordance with acceptable audit standards approved audit plan, programmed and budget.
Conducts audits to determine the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls; extent of reliance on organizational structure; accuracy of financial transactions; compliance with policies and guidelines, institutional policies and procedures, state and federal laws and regulations and contractual requirements.
Prepares audit working papers in accordance with audit standards; documents performance through narratives, flowcharts, manual and/or computer-generated spreadsheets.
Assists in identifying factors causing deficient conditions and developing constructive, economical and practical recommendations for findings included in audit reports.
Makes oral and/or written presentation to management during and at the conclusion of the examination, discussing deficiencies and recommending corrective action to improve operation.
Assists in preparation of comprehensive audit reports on assigned activities for the HOIA’s or Assistant Internal Audit Manager’s review and approval.
Performs follow-up audits with responsible management to ascertain implementation of recommendations; and appraises the adequacy of the corrective actions taken by management to correct the deficient conditions.
Reviews quarterly management accounts and year-end audited statutory accounts, including related party transactions and disclosure statements for inclusion in the Company’s Annual Report.
Provides on-the-job training and guidance to new or junior audit staff assigned to the audit.
Assists the HOIA in preparation of quarterly reports to the Audit Committee.
Keeps abreast of POB Group’s policies and procedures, current developments in accounting and auditing professions and changes in Bank Negara Malaysia guidelines/circulars, Persatuan Insurans Am Malaysia circulars and statutory acts and regulations, as applicable.
Establishes and maintains effective working relationships with all POB Group employees and external auditors.
Fulfills requirement necessary to maintain certification as active IIAM member and/or CPA.
Conducts special audits, investigations or miscellaneous job-related duties as may be assigned by the HOIA from time to time.
The Income Auditor is responsible for the audit of daily sales report and to ensure accuracy and completeness of total hotel's revenue. Assisting the Assistant Financial Controller to ensure adherence of Hotel's policies and procedures by all departments concerned.
To check and verify daily sales report and other night audit reports submitted by the night auditors.
To fax the daily sales report to corporate office and owner office after approved by the Assistant Finance Controller.
To ensure that all incidents and discrepancies during night audit are properly logged down and satisfactorily investigated.
To follow up discrepancies not resolved by the Night Auditor.
To randomly check room rates against contract, packages and others.
To check and verify the OOO (Out Of Order Room Report). House Use Report and Complimentary.
Room Report. To check complimentary or change rooms has been approved by relevant authorities.
To check and verify the General Cashier's report daily and follow up with any discrepancies immediately.
To investigate any cashier's shortage or excess with the General Cashier immediately.
To scrutinize all allowances given. Submit allowance voucher to AFC for verification.
To verify rate variance report and ensure all rates quoted are correct and valid. Also ensure market codes correspond with the rate code and complimentary / house use rooms have a "C" or "H" indicated on the report.
To monitor errors made by the Night Auditors and cashiers to identify weaknesses and pinpoint who requires further training.
To inform Financial Controller any incidents that needs to be brought up at the morning briefing.
To conduct surprise cash count, surprise room check and surprise head count during peak period at outlet or banquet function.
To sequential check and verify the vouchers and official receipts issued by all departments concerned.
To randomly check room rates against contract, packages and others.
To conduct training for the Night Auditors and cashiers constantly.
To prepare monthly service charge calculation and government tax schedule.
To verify and prepare the payment schedules to Limousine, Fitness Center's masseurs, aerobics instructors, waiters' fee.
To perform any ad hoc assignments assigned by the Assistant Financial Controller.
To assist the Assistant Financial Controller to monitor the control procedures and revise when necessary.
To attend the F&B meeting, cashier meeting, section meeting or any meetings and when required.
Reports to the Audit Assistant Managers in charged for the respective task. Lead a group for field audit. Plans and executes audits in accordance with accepted standards, audit programs and audit statutory reports.
Audited a diverse portfolio which involved in co-operatives, publication distributor, food & beverage, property management, management services, trading, property investment holding, retail, construction, manufacturing companies, hotel, hospitalizes and non-profit organization.
Alias with the respective client’s companies secretaries. (on the AGM, EGM and all the correspondence of minutes).
Conducted examination of internal control and review for understanding of clients business, which ensure effective financial operations and business operational procedures.
Preparations of tax computations for ascertaining tax liabilities for audit purposes.
On the completion of audits, drafted management letters highlighting weaknesses and discrepancies noted for the attention of clients management and stating suggestions on how to improve systems and accountability.
ADDITION-also involve in preparing full set of accounts (financial statements).
To obtain wide range of learning skills in internal audit covering financial and operation audits which standing in line of the Company’s Standard of Practicing (SOP) and BNM requirements/ guidelines.2 year plus working experience in accounting industry in account receivable and accounts payable who uses Dynamic AX and SAP software and works well with different departments in the company to assist them in any accounting related issues. A graduate from Kaplan Higher Education who is majored in Accounting. Able to work independently as well as being a good team player. A highly motivated individual who seeks to excel and willing to take challenges. A keen and active learner.
Industry  Integrated Logistics Management,Integrated Facilities Management,Strategic Freight Management,Consul.1. Manage a team of GL Accountant and Finance executives who are responsible of the monthly management accounts close and reporting.
5. Work closely with external auditors to ensure smooth and clean audit.
6. Ensure that our external liabilities are paid on a timely basis.
7. Work close with tax team to ensure tax liabilities are paid on time and related documentation requirements are met.
August 2011- January 2015 (In-charge in the Indirect Materials Cost costing, analysis and budgeting of IDM).
 Determines cost of operations by establishing standard costs and collecting operational data.
 Identifies financial status by comparing and analyzing results with plans and forecasts.
 Guides cost analysis process by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures.
 Provides trends and forecasts and recommending actions to business partners.
 Improves financial status by analyzing results, monitoring variances, identifying trends and recommending actions to management.
 Reconciles transactions by comparing and correcting data.
 Maintains indirect materials utilization report and analyzing variances to report to management.
 Protects operations by keeping financial information confidential and by establishing proper records retention process.
 Contributes to team effort by accomplishing goals assigned to the team.
 Participates in the annual physical inventory of goods (hard disks) and consumables.
 Involves in the Sarbales-Oxley accounting control testing.
 Liaise with external and internal auditors and work on mitigating control issues as necessary.
September 2007-August 2011 (in-charge in cost consolidation in RMO and budgeting for Operations & Non-Operations.
 Performs weekly forecast of cost of operations and analyze trends.
 Protects operations by keeping financial information confidential and by establishing proper records retention process.
 Contributes to team effort by accomplishing goals assigned to the team.
 Participates in the annual physical inventory of goods (hard disks) and consumables.
 Involves in the Sarbales-Oxley accounting control testing.
 Liaise with external and internal auditors and work on mitigating control issues as necessary.
 Automate the input process to speed up the data entry. Propose, establish and implement improvement process and procedure.
 Ensure that revenue recognition for each project is recognized appropriately and in accordance with the Group Policy and US GAAP and Local GAAP.
 Ensure processes applicable to projects are being adhered to and that internal controls on the processes are in place, eg. Claims related to projects are not excessive and approvals are obtained for the claims and are in line with the Group Policy.
• Schedule & Analysis of Accrued Income, BIA, Deferred Income and Deferred Warranty Income.
• Analysis of Project Incidental Costs of all projects of the Group.
Communication with the Project Managers/Project Directors.
 Keep open communications with Project Managers. Ensure that we are able to follow through the progress, issues and compliance of the project. Work closely with the Project Managers.
 Highlight to Project Managers any discrepancies, irregularities noted in your analysis on the project immediately and follow up closely with the Project Manager on the up-dates/status on your queries. Assist the Project Manager on-site and ensure that communications are maintained between on-site and off-site project managers.
 Analyze the non-billable expenses per project, the man days charged versus man days billed to a project, and the extent of recovery of the billable expenses. Be able to provide explanations and associate with the contractual terms of the contracts. Also, be able to support with communications with the Project Managers for any deviations.
 Ensure that all billable expenses are billed to the projects and obtain explanation for any variance in treatment.
 Ensure that the cost budget is strictly adhered to and report for any variance.
 Review of any new contracts to be signed and able to quantify the financial impact and any non-quantifiable impact. Ensure that the PBP Budget is prepared prior to the signing of the contract in line with the Group Policy. Ensure that appropriate approval is obtained from the Head of Client Services and Head of Administration & Finance.
 Highlight any discrepancies noted for the Monthly Revenue Analysis by entities, Variance between Actual and Budget Report on Revenue.
 Prepare monthly forecasts of revenue for SAL Group for existing projects based on latest updated Project PBPs, for Installed base and New Sales prospects based on updated Sales Pipeline Reports.
 Analyze month-to-date and year-to-date Revenue against Budget and last month’s projections & highlight major deviations to management.
 Review all journals pertaining to projects (including but not limited to revenue recognition, billings, WIP, BIA, DI, Deferred Warranty Income, provision for project losses, recoverable, billable expenses, revenue from billable expenses and non-billable expenses).
 Ensure accuracy in account coding of journals processed by staff to reflect actual transactions as posted in the Oracle Financial.
 Ensure revaluation for Balance Sheet accounts for projects.
 Handle coordination and closure of external audit for revenue, trade accounts receivable and project related accounts for SAL group.
Hyperion, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel 2007, Oracle 11i.Hands on Accounting Manager with proven ability to provide financial data, support and reporting to assist in key business decisions.
SN Power is a Norwegian renewable energy company that develop, construct, operate and maintain hydropower assets in emerging markets. I am responsible for the financial functions of SN Power in Singapore, Philippines, India, Nepal and Vietnam.
Promoted from Accounting Manager to Senior Accounting Manager in 2010.
Led and implemented ERP accounting systems in Asia. Automated finance process such as time tracking, employee expenses claim and approval process.
Led and coordinate with accountants in Asia to ensure that accounts are closed on time.
Worked with CFO to identify and correct financial inefficiencies through process improvements by evaluating the Company’s existing working accounting practices and procedures and where financial processes and internal controls were not working as they should, solutions were recommended to be established and implemented.
Set up central banking platform in Singapore for SN Power companies in Asia.
Supported the incorporation of Hanoi Representative office and Vietnam office.
Responsible for all aspects of financial activities for 9 companies in Asia including financial and management reporting, month end and year end closing , financial analysis and commentary, internal controls, budgeting and forecasting, cash flow management, taxation and statutory compliance.
Ensures that accounts are kept in accordance to Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (FRS).
Reviewed monthly payroll and tax calculation prepared by outsourced payroll agents for the Singapore, Philippines and Hanoi to ensure the numbers were correct and in compliance with the local labour regulations before lodgement.
Trained finance staff on accounting principles and procedures.
Liaised and worked with the local and overseas tax consultants to file corporate tax, withholding taxes, GST and business taxes with tax bodies.
Worked with Management and Business units in relation to opening of liaison office, investments, funding matters and ad-hoc projects. Countries involved includes India, Hanoi, Myanmar and Philippines.
Producing budgets and forecasts and presenting budget variance and ad-hoc analysis.
Liaised with local Company Secretary on corporate secretariat duties.
Formulating, reviewing and implementing of procedures, policies, internal controls and ensuring control systems are followed and functioning effectively.
Responsible for driving process improvement for accounting issues for various subsidiaries.
Responding to information needs of management and working on system projects periodically to meet new needs accounting requirements.
Supported the head office on the controlling and financial reporting functions for Asia Holding companies.
DST International provides a range of investment management and business management services and software solutions. I am responsible for financial accounts in Singapore and Indonesia.
Examine organization financial records to verify accuracy, correct financial inefficiencies and identify opportunities for improving financial processes.
Supported a finance team in the system migration from Accpac to PeopleSoft.
Responsible for full sets of accounts and financial reporting, ensuring compliance with reporting standards and regulatory requirements as well as adherence to company policies and procedures.
Prepares inter-company reconciliations, monthly reports and supporting schedules for financial reporting in accordance to management and statutory requirements.
Prepare and complete local mandatory filing, GST and corporate tax.
Assist the finance department in formulating, reviewing and implementing of procedure, policies, internal controls and ensuring control systems are followed and functioning effectively.
Documentation of above processes and SOX attestation review.
Responsible for driving process improvement for accounting issues for variance subsidiaries.
Business Objects is a multinational enterprise business intelligence (BI) solutions provider. I am responsible for financial accounts in the Asia Pacific which covers 9 markets across the region.
Recognized by management for helping to set up finance team in India.
Recognized by Finance department for demonstrating team work and leadership in the company.
Involved in the system migration from PO System to PeopleSoft.
Involved in the acquisition of Crystal Decisions and the liquidation of Crystal Decisions.
Prepare and maintain full sets of accounts for Business Objects Greater China, India, Korea and Singapore, these includes Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and General Ledger.
Prepares monthly schedules and ensures that accounts are kept in accordance to US GAAP.
Responsible for accounting deferred maintenance / training and consulting revenue.
Responsible for monthly closing and timely preparation of management reports to Head office.
Prepare monthly payroll and commission payment for Singapore, Korea and India, including yearly summary for personal tax filing.
Manage inter-company cash flow, Transfer Pricing and reconciliations.
Follow up on payments for customers to avoid/ reduce bad debts provision.
Formulate, review and implement accounting and financial systems, procedures and control.
Assist and liaise with external parties on audit, payroll and banking matters.
Work with external tax advisors on company tax matters, ensuring compliance and the legal requirement for tax filing, review and finalized corporate tax filing.
Assist and liaise with internal parties on review, implementation and compliance with internal control procedure, work process and documentation.
Currently looking for new opportunities due to pending office closure.• Closing of accounts of overseas subsidiaries and processing of payments.
• Preparing invoices, bank and inter company reconciliation and recording of transaction.
• Assist in compilation of accounts, tax computation and simple audit procedure.
• Dispense of medicine, registering of patients and handling calls.
• Update and check customers’ data, payments and loan amount.
Computer literate: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint), Accpac, Navision and Audit Express, Hyperion.
I am working in the indochina fund accounting department. My job consist of closing of full sets accounts of a few entities. This includes invoicing, payments, bank reconciliations and GST filing. A typical day at work involves working with colleagues from overseas, other departments, suppliers, buyers, auditors and bank officers. In my more than a year stay here, I have learnt a lot about responsibility, time management and interpersonal relationship.Place and Date of Birth     :  Malang-Indonesia, December 25, 1980.
Experienced Professional with ten years experiences of General Accounting/Auditing and Business Operational Management. I am a self-starter and quick learner, recognized skills in mentoring and mediating between employees, and in leading team tasks.
To pursue a profession in the Finance/Operational area where ensure supervision, management, and analytical skills are superior.
Company  : Johan Malonda Astika & Rekan, Public Accounting Firm,.
Address   : Jl. Pluit Raya 200 blok V no 1-5 Jakarta Utara, Indonesia 14450.
Position Title  : January 2006 – July 2006 Technical Assistant.
Participated in certified audit of clients in fields of trading, packaging, CMT & Textile Export, Manufacturing, Assembling & Electronic Product Sales, Cement, Freight Forwarding Service, Oil palm, Coal Mining, Etc.
Responsible for the review consisting of analysis, verification, and confirmation. The review provided management with assurance that effective controls and policies were being administrated.
Preparation of financial reports and statements, and consolidation.
Responsible for whole engagements with limited supervision.
Entrusted to supervise and managing a team of Audit Assistants within one year of hire.
Address   : 105 Sophia Road #02-01, Casa Sophia, Singapore 228170.
Responsible of handling full sets of accounts and preparation of monthly financial closing.
Maintaining proper accounting records in ERP system and carry out periodic reconciliation.
Participated in financial planning and cash flow reporting.
Liaise with Indonesia Embassy for Trade Agreement & LC process.
Marketing, Measuring & installation product at Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd.
Ensure required process for Quality Management System (QMS) is being implemented in the Company.
Report to Top Management, with regards to result of QMS that has been implemented, and together with all the related development.
Ensure improvement on self-awareness towards costumers’ requirement from all the personals that have responsibility to QMS.
Ensure Information or data of company remain secret and confidential.
Leading team and ensure all progress work in line and follow HSE program.
Address   : 2 Kallang Pudding Road #08-12, Mactech Building, Singapore 349307.
Preparing Quarterly GST submission, Tax & financial year end client report.
Assisting and sharing education of financial art to client, whose did not understand on financial record and how to do documentation.
Note: Presently still active work on Pitman Technologies Pte Ltd & MNG Management Services Pte Ltd.
Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd Safety Introduction Course.-Daily arrivals check, prepayment of hotels stay or events.
-Charging of guest’s credit cards for booking of hotels stay or events deposits – Credit card charging.
-Checking of debtors (E.g. Airlines, Overseas Travel Agents) aging reports. Ensure payments are received within the 30 days credit term.
-To provide monthly statement for respective TA or Airlines.
-Collection and follow up of assigned delinquent accounts.
-Sending of monthly statement of accounts to debtors. Ensure invoices are process in a timely manner.
Prepare year end financial schedule, e.g Depreciation, debtors/creditors aging reports, journal vouchers.
This diploma is equivalent to ACCA Knowledge Module, F1 to F3 paper.
Upon completion of this diploma, I will continue to pursue an ACCA qualification.
Blk 174B Edgedale Plains #06-163, 822174, Punggol, North-East,.- a subsidiary of Arrow Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:ARW). The company distributes electronic components including semiconductors, passive products, and electromechanical products to manufacturers and commercial customers.
Prepare cash flow charts and Exposure Analysis to Corporate on a weekly basis to ensure net exposure is within threshold.
Prepare schedules quarterly to reporting team in accordance with SOX Compliance.
Reconcile regional cash flow prepared by Corporate with cash flow forecast from APAC countries.
Develop and maintain relationships with financial institutions and banks in relation to documentation, signatory authority and monitoring.
Handle loan/financing arrangements, loan drawdown, and administration.
Review payment instructions and cheques prepared by Assistant Accountant.
Support projects for process enhancement or transformation (Treasury Management System, Host-to-Host implementation, cross-border pooling).
Assist Treasury Manager on treasury projects, Know Your Customer (KYC) request and other ad hoc tasks.
- Leading private equity firm in China sponsored by Legend Holdings Corporation. Primarily focuses on investments in consumer sectors, advanced manufacturing, healthcare, and service.
Monitor daily cash flow and negotiate foreign exchange rates with a panel of banks and maintain good working relationships with bank representatives.
Pizza Express acquisition - During transaction lifecycle, liaise with Investment bank London team, legal advisers and Pizza Express on arrangements related to meeting of fund flow, provision of bank account information and ensuring receipt of funds in order to complete the share allocation process.
Prepare documents for new bank accounts opening and closure of bank accounts, working closely with compliance team and bank relationship managers.
Handle cash flow projections and payments transfer for all management and Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) companies including capital call and dividends distribution to LPs.
Respond to Anti-Money Laundering (AML)-related document requests from partnering banks concerning inward and outward wire.
Familiarise with e-banking systems of partnering banks to facilitate: importing payment instructions, exporting reports, and creating local and overseas wires.
Prepare monthly management and financial reports in compliance with US GAAP and IFRS.
Prepare month-end closing, expenses analysis, and bank reconciliations.
Supervise junior staff and review payment instructions and cheques.
Assist with the company migration of SAP and internal payment system.
- Hong Kong-based high-frequency trading firm. Actively trades multiple markets across Asian and North American time zones.
Prepared monthly financial reports, bank reconciliations, and cash flow forecasts.
Oversaw inter-company transactions and transfer pricing for each of the Hong Kong, Sydney, San Francisco, and New York Offices.
Extensively used MYOB (Dec 2011 - Aug 2012) and SAP Business One (Jul 2012 - Sept 2013), and assisted with the company migration from MYOB to SAP.
Handled payroll, payments, and reimbursements for all staff, and provided support on internal and external finance activities.
Worked alongside external auditors in preparing annual audit reports.
Liaised with investment banks for daily funds movement and fees and clearing reconciliation.
Prepared and lodged Instalment Activity Statement (IAS) and Business Activity Statements (BAS) to the Australian Tax Office per quarter. Liaised with tax consultants for income tax return and fringe benefits tax (FBT) lodgments.
Prepared Chinese futures trading profit and loss reports through two of China’s major banks. Also, prepared profit and loss (PnL) reports for Australian and Japanese equity market trading.
Produced overnight risk exposure reports for management and accounting purposes on a daily basis.
Fluent in spoken and written English, Chinese (Cantonese and Mandarin).
Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS) Certification - Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Access.
Knowledge in Oracle, Chatham, Khalix, Unity, Sun System, SAP Business One, SAP Easy Access, MYOB Accounting Suite and SPSS Statistical Analysis.
Major in Accounting and Minor in Business Law University of Wollongong, NSW, Australia.Natures: Client servicing, TA, staff supervision, project management.
Provided a wide range of investor services to both clients and their investors across APAC.
Overseeing the processing / validation of all inquiries within agreed internal and external Service Level Agreements.
Minimizing overtime and implementing additional efficiencies gain project.
Partner across the team and with centralized back-office functions, including offshore locations to ensure the end-to-end process is completed appropriately.
Managing and building business relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Operations Oct 2011 – Apr 2017.
Natures: Asset management, operations, client servicing, large scale business initiatives and projects.
Serving as the liaison for internal or external clients regarding inquiries and providing supportto resolve onboarding, trading or settlement problems.
Following up with production enquiries/ issues with extreme complexity.
Assist manager for resource allocation, man hour projection, formulation of plan and process improvement.
Perform control of different types of daily operational activities, e.g trade management,cash management, allocation of trades, system batch jobs, clients' reporting.
Participating in corporate actions, new product roll out or termination.
Preparing statistic and reports for management reporting purpose.
Cooperating with messaging vendors & clients to onboard clients for Straight Through Processing.
Setup and maintain user developed tools for operation activities or contingency purpose.
Hong Kong-China Mutual Recognition of Funds (new business initiative, regional, 1 year).
Project Pegasus (cross country system change, regional, 3 year).
HSBC Broking Services (Asia) Limited, HSBC May 2006 - Apr 2010.
Trades capture to operation system (equities, derivatives, commodities, bonds, LME).
Performing different control and reconciliation between books / system and follow up with discrepancies.
Liaising with Sales Team, back office and prime brokers to resolve trading and settlement problems.
Ensuring the trading process and settlement process are smooth.
Trade report generation and other trading desk administrative tasks- UAT for trading and order routing system.
Investment Management Services Asia, JPMorgan Asset Management.
HKSI Outstanding Achievers - Candidates of the Year (LE 12 Asset management ) HKSI.
Investment Management Services Asia, JPMorgan Asset Management.
HKSI Outstanding Achievers - Candidates of the Year (LE 12 Asset management ) HKSI.
Investment Management Services Asia, JPMorgan Asset Management.
HKSI Outstanding Achievers - Candidates of the Year (LE 12 Asset management ) HKSI.
Investment Management Services Asia, JPMorgan Asset Management.
HKSI Outstanding Achievers - Candidates of the Year (LE 12 Asset management ) HKSI.
Investment Management Services Asia, JPMorgan Asset Management.
HKSI Outstanding Achievers - Candidates of the Year (LE 12 Asset management ) HKSI.5 years accounting experience in trading and supply chain management companies.
Hands-on experience on financial reporting and accounting operation.
An energetic professional who takes initiative at work and pays excellent attention to details.
Mainstay Asia provide Resourcing Solutions. Head Quartered in Hong Kong we offer a range of solutions across Recruitment, Workforce Augmentation, Consulting and Payroll & HR Services.
Daily Financial Accounting duties, including commissions, sales and expenses Booking.
Daily Financial Accounting duties, including commissions, sales and expenses Booking.
02/2014 – 06/2014 Dynasty International Group Holdings Limited.
Business Field – Retail, Corporate Sales, Trading (Gold Decoration).
Daily Financial Accounting duties, including commissions, sales and expenses Booking.
Full Set of account (8 set, consultant, rental management, trading, retail etc).
Company Size – 200 Staffs both Listed in HK (1174.HK) and Singapore (B0Z.SI).
One of the world's largest seafood companies by market capitalization. A resource development and supply chain management companies with coastal and deep-sea industrial fishing division.
Prepare Finance Reports and Related Schedules, monitor system implementation (FOR CN OFFICES Six Set).
Prepare financial reports with adjustment journal based on the financial reports and accounting entries provided by CN offices.
Maintain control records for inter-co transfer btw HK and QD/SHA.
Handle accounts for Interim-audit/ Annual audit/ Special Project.
07/2009 – 08/2013   Dynasty International Group Holdings Limited.
Business Field – Retail, Corporate Sales, Trading (Gold Decoration).
Daily Financial Accounting duties, including commissions, sales and expenses Booking.
Full Set of account (8 set, consultant, rental management, trading, retail etc).Profile : An organized and a reliable Accountant with ISCA/ACCA membership, with a proven ability to produce timely and accurate financial and management reports. Analytical, self-motivated and seeking to add substantial value through Financial Reporting activity.
Preparation of  daily, fortnightly MAS and some other monthly MAS reports (ie Liquidity reports) and quarterly/annual MAS deposit insurance reports.
Prepares liquidity/funding diversification reports to internal stakeholders and other Head Office reports.
Prepares quarterly GST reports and reviews nostro reconciliation.
Reviews monthly audit schedules, journal and payment vouchers prepared by junior officers.
Handled the migration of Fixed Assets from Easy Asset to Ready Asset system  in Dec13 and other new systems testing.
Assist in annual budgeting exercise, statutory accounts preparation and providing tax information to tax consultants.
Reason for leaving: Looking for broader/financial and management reporting experience.
Financial Analyst General Accounting (Contract with Randstad).
Preparation of monthly notes to accounts, and other reconciliation duties.
Review intercompany reconciliation/settlement, GST entries and other tasks prepared by an offshore team in India.
Preparation of some weekly and monthly MAS reports and updating of monthly audit schedules. Assisted in statutory accounts preparation.
Preparation of monthly accrual entries, posting of  prepayment, payroll entries.
Expense management (ie staff and vendor claims), and GST reporting.
•   Preparation of timely management reports, monthly Analytical Review report with variances.
• Prepared monthly and quarterly Head Office reporting mainly in US GAAP and Swiss GAAP and other integration work.
• Month-end closing, preparation of accrual and general ledger entries.
Mar10 – 1Apr12   Clariden Leu Ltd (Subsidiary of Credit Suisse).
•   Preparation of monthly and quarterly Head Office reports to Clariden Leu  Zurich mainly in US GAAP and Swiss GAAP.
Prepared monthly management report-Analytical Review report with commentaries on variances,  expense management, preparation of accrual, prepayment and general ledger entries. Assisted to provide support to external audit.
Monthly Intercompany Break Reconciliation, and preparation of monthly bank reconciliation report.
Worked with an IT colleague to implement paperless accounts payable system from Converga in May 2011.
•   Was transferred to Credit Suisse with the integration of Clariden Leu Ltd into Credit Suisse AG to do integration work.
• Verified and released the payment of  invoices which have been entered by AP processors, in accordance with Global Authorisation policy.
• Preparation of GBP nostro reconciliation, suspense account reconciliation, trade creditors reconciliation and duplicate payment report for manager’s review.
• Reviewed  reports such as unapproved control group report and rejected payment reports and processed general ledger transactions.
• Participated in Peoplesoft upgrade (from version 8.0 to 8.9) User Acceptance Testing from April to May07.
• Reason for leaving: Took a break to look for a reporting role.
13Jun05 – 27Jul06 Barclays Capital Global Services Singapore Pte Ltd.
• Delivered accurate processing and prompt payment of UK, Korea and Thailand expense claims.
• Provided trouble-shooting service to Users of the Concur system throughout Barclay’s  and US operations.
• Reason for leaving: I could not adjust to the  shift hours/New role offers progression.
3Apr03 - 3Jun05 BearingPoint Pte Ltd (formerly KPMG Consulting).
• Prepared monthly financial analysis and reports for company management team (including Profit & Loss commentaries) to tight deadlines.
•  Kept full set of accounts for Indonesia and Thailand subsidiaries including invoice processing, preparation of VAT reports, withholding tax reports, balance sheet schedules, cashflow forecasts and maintenance of fixed asset register.
•  Provided support to external audit of year-end Thailand accounts.
• Successfully undertook a number of initiatives and projects including development of templates and collation of US Expatriate costs for tax purposes.
• Reason for leaving: Restructuring: Closure of  office which led to reduced Thailand reporting work.
2002   Successfully completed (1 year programme) final year of BA (Hons) degree in Accountancy Studies based on credits from ACCA Levels 1 and 2.
• Prepared timely financial and management reports in compliance with local FRS.
• Kept a substantially complete set of  accounts, including accounts payable, preparation of expense forecast and cashflow forecast, monthly bank reconciliation, maintenance of fixed asset register and filing quarterly GST returns.
• Provided support to external audit of Singapore accounts.
• Supported project migration from Peachtree to Sun Accounting System.
• Reason for leaving: Change in jobscope with greater emphasis on AR function.
• Managed the accounts receivable function for all Asian offices, including billing of invoices to customers /inter-company billings and preparation of weekly sales management reports.
• Analysed and prepared month-end journal entries and inter-company reconciliation reports.
• Reason for leaving: An opportunity came up for me to learn and do full set of accounts at DP Information Network Pte Ltd.
May96 - Apr98 CS First Boston Singapore Limited (Part of Credit Suisse Group).
• Provided efficient support to the settlement of a range of treasury deals through the creation of securities, customer accounts, and settlement instructions into POET system. Resolved problems with trade entries.
• Reviewed and maintained customer account documentation for Singapore and Hong Kong entities.
Sep95 - Mar96 • Successfully fulfilled short term temporary assignments, including Union Bank of  and Societe Generale.
Feb15 The ACCA Certificate in International Financial Reporting (Online cert.).
Jul11 Member of ACCA (The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants).
Member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA).
Jan02 - Dec02  BA (Hons) in Accountancy Studies (Second Upper Class).
University of Portsmouth (UK) via Informatics in Singapore (distance learning).
Jul92 - Jun95 Bachelor of Arts, Major in Statistics and Sociology.
National University of Singapore, Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences.
Peoplesoft, SAP, Customised Accpac, Sun Accounting System, Globus(T24), Avalog, IBM AS400.
Microsoft word and excel, completed AER (Advanced Excel for Financial Reporting) in July 09.
Attended Dynamic Reporting and Data Crunching with Pivot Tables and Pivot Charts(Excel 2007) in Sep 2011.Motivated and energetic executive with more than 10 years of experience in audit, compliance and risk management.
Passionate about people, business process designs and innovation, and sensitive to organisation changing needs.
Efficient and able to multi-tasks. Strong sense of ownership and drive towards excellence.
Keppel Young Leader in 2016/2017 cohort across the Group, which serves a seedbed to cultivate innovation, entrepreneurship and to build global leaders.
Plan, manage teams and conduct operational, financial, compliance and IT audits to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of governance, risk management and internal controls over the Group’s activities, particularly in the REIT/ Fund Management, Property, Offshore & Marine and Infrastructure divisions.
Identify internal control weaknesses with in-depth root cause analyses; assess risk impacts and provided practical yet value-added recommendations to mitigate risk exposures.
Spearhead initiatives in developing structured audit programs to review compliance with regulatory requirements (i.e. Securities and Futures Act & regulations, MAS Guidelines and Notices on licensing, registration and conduct of business for fund management companies, financial and margin requirements, AML/CFT Notices, Outsourcing, Technology Risk Management and Business Continuity Management).
Champion roll-out and use of data analytics to assist teams in identifying trends / abnormalities within specific processes for purpose of follow-up and sample selection. Additionally, also drive value-adding initiatives by identifying opportunities to streamline efficiencies and improve effectiveness with in-depth analytical reviews. Examples of projects undertaken which yielded significant cost savings of up to S$163K include:.
Trend analysis of unit prices paid for common consumables used across various yards to determine if further synergies or bulk discounts can be explored.
Assessment of labour’s (yard workers and subcontractors) productivity against KPI to identify potential cost saving measures or possible duplication of work.
Assist in the preparation of Group’s annual audit plan with constant engagement of stakeholders from each divisions to identify specific risk areas of concerns and mitigating actions (if any). Residual risks are scored and ultimately presented with audit scope considerations to respective Audit Committees for approval.
A coach to the junior auditors by identifying and supporting their developmental needs and goal settings process. Bridge the team and foster team dynamics to ensure successful collaborations.
Collaborate with functional teams to conduct series of training to approximately 300 participants (local & overseas) on internal controls and fraud, with the intent to strengthen the level of control awareness at supervisory level. Participants included Directors, Senior Management and members of the Group’s finance team.
Plan and conduct IT audits to assess governance framework and general / application controls over critical IT systems that support key business processes (i.e. management of terminals and warehouses).
Drive process efficiencies with the introduction of key initiatives such as use of data analytics tool (i.e. ACL) in analysing data trends on profitable shipping routes to achieve value-added outcomes to aid Management’s decision.
Specialise in integrated (Business and IT) audits and advisory projects with financial institutions, statutory boards and multinational corporations. Lead teams in the review of business processes and general IT controls to support the statutory audits. Assess and evaluate the design and operational effectiveness of key controls, and offer well-thought solutions to address risk exposures.
Assess technology and information security risks and review compliance with the MAS Technology Risk Management, Outsourcing and Notice 644 regulatory requirements.
Actively involved in the pursuit of sales opportunities.  Efforts and contributions were subsequently rewarded with major wins for the practice (e.g. GST Credits/ Workforce Bonus for Central Provident Fund).
Coach and guide to junior staff, perform reviews of their work and provide timely feedback on their performance.
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore              Jul 2003 to Jun 2006.
Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours, 2nd class), minor in Environmental Management.
Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level).
4 Distinctions in Economics, Mathematics C, Chemistry and Biology.
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA); certification had lapsed due to non-renewal of membership.
Member of the Institute of Internal Auditors, Singapore (currently pursuing CIA paper 3).
Microsoft Office tools including Excel, Word, Powerpoint. Familiar with ERP systems like SAP, JDE and Oracle Financials.
Languages: Proficient in both English and Mandarin, both written and spoken.Review of GL journal entries performed by junior staff (single division).
Checking of revenue and revenue accruals and ensure adherence to revenue and revenue accrual guidelines.
Review of revenue (3 divisions) and propose adjustments where required.
Prepare monthly business analysis report for submission to Regional Finance - Handle GST reporting.
Provide information and liaise with tax agent on IRAS tax queries and all other tax matters.
Provide guidance to brokers on revenue recognition and GST issue.
Prepare monthly forecast and variance analysis and commentary (single division) - Undertake monthly revenue variance and analysis against budget and forecast.
HSBC Insurance Brokers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Asst. Manager, IT/Finance).
Supervise and checking of receipts and payments prepared by junior staff.
One of the joint authorized signatories for signing any amount not exceeding SGD 40,000.
Provide monthly, quarterly and ad-hoc reports for Managing Director.
Liaise with Hong Kong IT team to create reports for all business needs.
Regular review and improvements to system with Hong Kong IT team.
Set-up new PCs, troubleshoot software/hardware/networking issues - Maintenance of client/insurer records in eGlobal.
Process of settlements to underwriters, local and overseas reinsurers.
Set-up new PCs, troubleshoot software/hardware/networking issues.
1996 – 1999     : Military Band, Rank: Major, Appointment: Drum Major.
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, CA (Singapore).
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA Affiliate Member).
Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Banking & Finance (Part-Time).
: Australian Mathematics Competition (Certificate of Distinction).
: Mr George Lau (NTUC Income Insurance Co-Operative Limited).PANTAI HILL PARK PHASE 2 JALAN PANTAI MURNI PANTAI DALAM KUALA LUMPUR.
Senior Finance Manager with over 14 years’ experiences in various industries e.g.: Fast Food Restaurant, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing and FinTech Start-up.
Finance Lead for all analysis and financial reporting, this including deepdive analysis on KPI’s, forecasting /planning, ad-hoc analysis with Senior Management and Board of Directors.
Managed Credit and Collection department. Extend credit lines to customers, or negotiated prepayments. Follow up on collections and restructured A/R department.
Experience in IAS, USGAAP, IFRS, MPERS, PERS, MFRS, and GST Reporting as well as compliance and reporting procedures for Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Oman, Dubai, China, Korea, and Australia.
Senior Finance Manager (Malaysia, Singapore & Indonesia) Nov 2015 – present.
Managed a team of accountants and finance colleagues at three locations (Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore).
Revamped consolidated KPI management reporting to balance operations performance to financial results.
Managing and improving the company's entire financial accounting, monitoring and reporting systems.
Work closely with Group CFO on full spectrum of financial matters concerning operations pertaining to performance management, budgeting, forecasting, cash management and sale analysis.
Division lead charged to coordinate all internal and external accounting audit reviews - no audit findings or adjustments recorded.
Presented to senior leadership monthly results with focused emphasis on key performance variance drivers.
Provided financial analytics with narratives to support divestiture due diligence.
Provided guidance, trained staff, and mobilized teams in finance and compliance matters.
Prepare monthly cash flow projections; consistently attaining the forecasted amount.
Collected in excess of RM 1.5mill for accounts past due one year, and now maintaining current status.
Work with sales staff and all departments to improve all customer issues.
Financial analysis with narratives to support fund raising - Series B.
Team management of 7 finance professionals, including Finance Managers, Senior Finance Executives, AP & AR Officers.
Overall responsibility for company P&L, with annual budget of USD24mill.
Ensure finance integrity of organization through GAAP, IFRS and regular internal and external auditing of financial process.
Business partner to company department, working closely with department managers to ensure budgetary requirements were attained.
Compile and present detailed monthly, quarterly reports for Senior Management perusal and act as the focal point in preparing year-end.
Devised and deployed multiple cost-savings initiatives resulting in a 20% reduction in company expenditures.
Finance Analyst (Malaysia, Oman, Dubai, Australia)         Oct 2010 – Nov 2011.
Maintained fixed asset details; including adding assets, transferring and disposing of assets when needed.
Prepared monthly journal entries to record fixed asset activity.
Responsible for preparing, reconciling and analysing various Balance Sheet account for Malaysia, Oman, Dubai and Australia.
Responsible to prepare Balance Sheet analysis (FA) for Malaysia, Oman, Dubai and Australia.
Prepared and reviewed quarter and year-end audit schedules and did follow up on related inquiries.
Delivered SAP (R3) Training – Asset Module to Shell Indonesia and Chennai).
Involved directly with Fixed Asset migration for six entities – Shell Pakistan, Dubai, Oman, Chennai, Australia, and Hong Kong).
Super-user for SAP R3 – Transferred knowledge to Fixed Asset personnel in Pakistan, Dubai, Oman, Chennai, Australia and Hong Kong.
Administered productivity improvement projects by automating and streamlining business processes.
Responsible for deriving the company's semi-annual depreciation expense budget.
Closely worked with SAP consultant to develop the Fixed Asset module of the company's SAP system; included importing pertinent depreciation data and testing system to ensure reporting and depreciation accuracy of company assets.
Participant in finalization of the semi-annual capital budgeting process.
Worked closely with project initiators to gather information on the status of projects; advised project managers on resolution of issues related to improper spending or overspending on projects.
Assist in sorting out restaurant cash bills and supplier invoices on daily basis.
Assist in Sun – System to ensure all data is entered correctly.
Assist in payroll – process time card, calculated tax and benefits deduction for restaurants.
Generated, implemented and maintain financial statements.
Ongoing professional development through course in accounting and computing:.
Microsoft Office, Confluences, SAP R3, ORACLES, UBS, MYOB, QUICKBOOK, SUNSYSTEMS.
CURRENT PACKAGE: RM 12,000 (BASIC SALARY) Reference: Available upon request.
2011- 2015    Finance & Costing Manager, Material Sciences Corporation.
2011- 2015    Finance & Costing Manager, Material Sciences Corporation.Fluent in Cantonese, proficiency spoken and written English, Mandarin and Basis Japanese.
Company Nature: one of the largest publicity listed restaurant groups in Hong Kong with over 300 outlets in Hong Kong and more than 100 outlets in Mainland China.
Senior Officer (Finance & Accounting) – involve in month end closing and management report.
Prepare sales report and monitor sales trends and highlight potential risk areas for management review.
Assist in preparation of monthly meeting and Chairman meeting report.
Participate in period-end closing by preparing and reviewing periodical financial reports.
Coordinate with internal finance and other departments to prepare timely and in-depth overhead & variance analysis.
Support and assist in all other financial and management reporting.
Company Nature: one of the leading provider of consumer electronic products, major brand Oregon Scientific.
Assistant Accountant – involve in consolidation account and management report.
Coordinate with overseas subsidiary companies on financial and management reporting matters.
Review and update group consolidated financial and management reports and related schedules for 11 entities (such as US, Italy, France, UK and etc).
Responsible for financial statement analysis for management review.
Prepare ad-hoc management report on monthly/quarterly basis as requested by management.
Ensure and consolidate all financial reports including monthly, quarterly and year-end closing report submitted on time and accuracy.
Company Nature: Market leader of parenting industry, Baby Stroller retailing.
Management Accountant – responsible for full set of accounts and month end closing.
Handle month-end closing including preparation of financial statements, variance analysis, and schedules, etc on a timely basis.
Ensure the accuracy of Bank Reconciliation, A/P & A/R Reconciliation.
Coordinate and handle inter-company recharges and reconciliations.
Liaise and communicate with other teams and departments on account related areas.
Assist in administrative work and handle any ad hoc projects/assignments as requested.
Company Nature: entertainment, sports management, marketing and promotion, F&B business.
Assistant Accountant – responsible for full sets of accounts and month end closing.
Responsible for general accounting duties and maintain daily accounting operation.
Ensure the accuracy of Bank Reconciliation, A/P & A/R Reconciliation.
Supervise subordinates and coordinate with all departments within the company.
Company Nature: Organise trade fairs, conferences, trade publications, B2B/B2C portals and virtual event services.
Account Clerk – responsible for daily accounting work and ad hoc assignment.
Preparation of payment, Cash flow report & Bank reconciliation.
Assist to prepare month end closing and monthly financial report.
Temporary Account Officer – responsible for daily accounting work and ad hoc assignment.
Assist to prepare month end closing and monthly financial report.
Melbourne Institute Business Technology – Melbourne ~ 03/2001 – 10/2001.
Computer Skills : MS-Excel advanced skills including VLOOKUP, Pivot table, advance formula, Proficient in word, PowerPoint, SharePoint.
Operating Systems : Microsoft Windows, Oracle, Accpac, MYOB, Navision & SAP.Account Payable team, doing payment process cycle. Seek payment approval from various departments e,g, Sales, Projects, Estates. Doing Ad-hocs jobs beyond my normal routine work.Bringing    9+    years    of    expertise    and    experience    to    an    organization    across    multiple    aspects    of    across    Asia    Pacific.
Has     worked     organizations:     Discovery     Networks     Asia-­‐Pacific     Pte     Ltd,     Turbomeca     Asia     Pacific     Pte     Ltd,     Sun.
Technosystems    Pte    Ltd,    All    Market    Inc.    (Vita    Coco),    SPEARHEAD    GLOBAL    SERVICES    PTE    LTD.
Demonstrates    capability    in    management    accounting    accuracy    in    reporting    financial    reports,    GST    returns,    Audit    scheduling    with    management    reports,    Capturing    Intercompany    Billing    and    Reconciliations,    Handling    full    set    of    accounting    for    overseas    and    regional    subsidiaries.
Colleagues    centric    –    Works    passionately    with    an    approach    to    meet    management    requirements    across    all    level    and    departments    enabling    all    financial    reports    accuracy.
Software    knowledge    and    competencies    –    Well    verse    in    SAP,    Oracle,    Accpac,    MYOB,    Words    &    Advance    level    of    Mircosoft    Excel.    Her    strong    knowledge    and    experience    in    these    software    put    her    in    front    as    the    distinct    time    to    adapt    and    move    with    the    system    is    more    efficient.
Strong     adaptation     Character–     Able     to     work     well     with     team     member     from     all     over     the     regions.     Her    experience     includes     working     with     members     from     Korea,     Taiwan,     Japan,     Australia,     Indonesia,     Malaysia,    Singapore,    Vietnam    and    United    States    of    America.    Experience    in    working    with    people    from    all    walks    of    life    and    adapting    to    different    accounting    structures    allow    her    to    do    regional    reports    and    full    accounts    here    in.
Good    Leader    and    Follower–    Has    a    hand    on    experience    in    training    and    guiding    junior    member    of    her    team    in    helping    her    fulfill    her    role    in    completing    her    reports    timely.        Willing    to    motivate    and    structure    new    methods    and    ways    to    better    her    team    productivity    and    bring    the    team    to    higher    heights.
Effective    and    personable    communication    skills    within    the    team    in    Singapore    as    well    as    her    team    all    over    the    region    to    achieve    the    reports    with    speed    and    accuracy.
SPEARHEAD    GLOBAL    SERVICES    PTE    LTD.         Mar    2015    –    to    date    Accountant.
Currently    managing    the    client’s    closure    of    management    accounts    and    to    ensure    timely    and    accurate    completion    of    required    management    reporting    for    all    entities.    Together    with    team    member    whom    she    leads    and    guides,    overlooking    the    full    sets    of    accounts    for    Singapore,    Malaysia,    Vietnam    &    Indonesia.
-­‐Prepare    journal    entries,    account    reconciliation,    booking    of    accruals,    reserves    for    month    end    closing.
-­‐Proactively    review    accounts    to    ensure    all    financial    transactions    are    valid    and    recorded    to    ensured    accuracy    of    reporting.
-­‐ Fixed    Assets    Management;    Execute    depreciation    run    and    depreciation    reasonableness    check.
-­‐Inventory    management; Reconciliation    of    stock    movement,    slow    moving    and    obsolescence    stock    accruals    -­‐Prepare    Balance    sheet    Reconciliations.
Part    of    a    team    that    take    cares    of    handling    full    sets    of    accounting    for    the    Asia-­‐Pacific    regions    with    Focus    on    Singapore,.
Japan    &    Korea    Subsidiaries.    This    includes    preparation    of    U.S.    reporting    (US    GAAP,SOX)    and    ensuring    compliance.
-­‐    Process    supplies    invoices    &    internal    expense    claims    ensuring    adherence    to    company    policy    &    providing    prompt    and    timely    payments.
-­‐    Provide    update    on    customer    issues    during    the    A/R    collection    cycle    to    ensure    customer    problems    are    dealt    with    resulting    in    timely    payment    being    received    from    the    customer.
-­‐    Provide    Monthly    A/R    Ageing    &    Generate    of    Monthly    SOA    to    customers.
Prepare    Audit    Schedules,    Cash    Flow    Statement    and    Management    Report:    -­‐    Update    Fixed    Assets    Schedule.
Capture    intercompany    billing    and    reconciliation    in    SAP    system.
 Went    to    Korea    to    assist    in    setting    up    the    financial    procedure    and    processes.
 Starting    up    and    fine-­‐tuning    the    financial    procedure    and    processes    in    link    with    all    Asia-­‐Pacific    regions.
Reason    for    Leaving:    Got    Headhunted    by    a    firm    with    better    learning    opportunity    to    expand    ones    experience.
Discovery    Network    Asia-­‐Pacific    Pte    Ltd     APR    2010    to    FEB    2014    Accounts    Executive.
Part    of    Asia-­‐Pacific    accounts    receivable    team,    responsible    for    advertising    sales    revenue    recognition    and    collection    for    Australia,    Taiwan,    Singapore,    Malaysia,    Philippines,    Thailand,    China    and    New    Zealand.    This    includes    monthly    invoicing,    liaising    with    customers    and    advertising    representative    on    collections    and    reconciliations,    preparation    of    U.S.    reporting    (US    GAAP,SOX)    and    ensuring    GST    compliance    for    all    billings.
Support    the    advertising    sales    Team    by    Reviewing    and    providing    comments    on    draft    sales    and    agreements    from    the    revenue    recognition    and    accounting    perspectives.
Strong     regional     collaboration     with     Accounting     departments     from     over     the     regions     for     the     financial    reports.
Assisting    in    reviewing    of    financial    statements    (revenue)    and    coordinating    with    Auditors    in    their    Audits    for    Singapore    and    Taiwan.
Manage    Korea    Full    set    of    Accounts    from    preparing    the    books    to    reporting    with    compliances    with    Korean.
Accounting    and    U.S    reporting    standards    and    requirements    including    taxation    filings    and    payment.
 Manage    to    take    over    the    responsibility    of    Korea    Full    set    of    accounts    with    responsibility    in    liaising    with    the    tax    consultant    and    making    sure    that    the    financial    reports    are    with    compliance    to    Korean    &    U.S    Accounting    standards    and    requirements.
 Ad-­‐hoc    Project    co-­‐ordinations    and    testing    of    the    SAP    system    for    the    efficiency    and    controls.    Allowing    her    to    generate     reports     that     could     capture     the     improvement     of     the     advertising     spots     premiering     reports     and    linking    all    together    for    her    management.
Reason    for    leaving:        Was    offered    a    better    role    with    better    exposure    into    the    other    accounting    functions.
Turbomeca    Asia    Pacific    Pte    Ltd    Accounts    Executive         Jan    2009    to    Mar    2010.
Part    of    the    general    Ledger    team,    working    on    the    various    accounting    functions    for    the    South    East    Asia    Entities    in.
Account     Payable     function.     Includes     Liaising     with     tax     consultant     to     ensure     that     payments     are     in    accordance    to    the    country’s    laws.
Fix    Asset    Function    it    includes    ensuring    all    assets    are    recorded    and    depreciated    according    to    the    company    policy    inline    with    the    financial    standards.
Inventory     management     functions     ensuring     all     inventories     are     recorded     while     supporting     the     logistic    department    on    stock    level    management    by    providing    stock    reports    and    stock    count    on    a    monthly    basis.
 Established    knowledge    and    key    experience    in    the    basis    of    accounting    and    book-­‐keeping.     Manage    the    physical    aspect    on    a    stock    take    on    a    monthly    basis.
Reason    for    leaving:        Was    offered    a    better    role    with    better    exposure    into    the    other    accounting    functions.
Sun    Technosystems    Pte    Ltd     JAN    2007    to    Dec    2008    Accounts    &    Administration    Assistant.
A    young    student    looking    to    expand    her    work    experience    while    still    doing    her    studies    to    further    build    her    career    in    her    path    as    an    accountant    to    be.
Manage     accounts     payable     function.     It     includes     processing     supplier’s     invoices     and     internal     expenses     &    Claims.
Perform    Vendor    Reconciliations    and    monthly    reports    of    Payment.
Perform    the    account    receivable    Function    for    the    company.    Constantly    updating    the    management    on    the    revenues    that    can    be    collected    and    those    who    can’t    and    update    what    is    being    done    to    ensure    collections.
 Learn    to    fulfill    the    requirements    of    the    company    and    team    leader.
 Learn    to    co-­‐operate    and    work    with    others    as    a    team    and    being    a    team    player.
THE ASSOCIATION OF CHAERTERED CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANTS (ACCA Level 3), June 2016.
THE ASSOCIATION OF CHAERTERED CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANTS (ACCA Level 2).
Advanced Diploma in Accounting and Business, December 2015.
General Cambridge Examination ‘Ordinary’ Level (GCE ‘O’ Level), December 2004.
Languages:     Spoken    and    Written    :        English    and    Chinese    (Written    and    Spoken    Advance    level).
Interests:     Sporty    person    in    Nature.    Love    to    try    all    kind    of    new    sport    and    the    love    for    travelling    and    seeing    the    world.
Date    available    for    work:    One    month    notice    upon    confirmation.An internationally trained accounting professional with more than 10 years of extensive experiences in the areas of GL accounting, AR accounting, AP accounting & Internal Control gained from working with multi-national commercial and shared services companies in the Philippines and in Singapore.
With vast experience in financial reporting, Singapore GST, Process Analysis & Improvement, Consolidation, US GAAP, SOX, COGNOS, FRANGO and SAP.
Bachelor of Science in Accountancy, Divine Word College of Legazpi – Philippines, 2001.
AR Accountant, Gibson Innovations Singapore Pte Ltd (Woox Innovation Singapore Pte Ltd - a subsidiary of Philips).
Manage and implement credit policies and processes with customers for all business units.
Work closely with sales people to ensure collection and all payment receipts, credit note and debit note are timely raised and applied properly.
Communicate and follow up effectively on a timely basis with key account managers and customers to ensure collection of outstanding invoices as well as for overdue invoices.
Partnering with sales team for disputes resolution with both internal and external customers.
Manage the collection activities by collaborating with various internal business functions such as billing, credit and cash application teams and external customers to resolve receivable issues efficiently.
Make recommendation on collection procedures and highlight any risk or deviation from credit standard to the regional controller to take immediate action to avoid non collection.
Process statement of accounts (SOA) to customers on regular basis, implement collection procedures and reconcile accounts.
Point of contact for customers on all AR questions such as bank details, collection query and  disputes (if any) and ensure timely collection of invoices to avoid past due accounts.
Prepare, review and analyze monthly customer rebate schedule and update percentage in the system.
Analyze financial data on a segment of customers and provide proactive Risk Management/reporting to Financial and Sales management.
Review the clauses of LC document requirement/SBLC and BG clauses before SCM can release shipment.
Involve in quarterly credit review and maintain appropriate documentation and transparency to support basis and rationale for customer credit decisions and limits where needed.
Access the bank and furnish details of receipts to Infosys (shared service) for cash application in SAP.
Perform other AR related task and provide support to sales team and shared service during month-end closing and ensure that all receipts are posted.
Review monthly AR aging report with sales team and management.
Liaise with external auditors for audit requirements, queries and audit issues.
Posting of credit or debit notes to customer’s account through SAP if necessary.
Handle collections and ensure AR forecasted amount will be collected.
Managed and ensure compliance of SOP for accounts receivable process and in accordance with SOX and credit control policies & procedures.
Analyzed and improved credit and collection processes to ensure effective control on accounts receivable.
Trained sales team and AR staff for the credit notes process and ensure that they comply with credit control policies and SOX.
Worked with sales team for issues relating to billing, price discrepancy, goods lost in transit, missing documents, goods returns and any other matters concerning invoice’s with disputes.
Performed account reconciliation and send monthly statement of accounts to external customers and follow up closely for overdue invoices to expedite collection to minimize past due and meet DSO target.
Performed cash applications using SAP accounting software which includes treatment of partial payments.
Processed credit notes for goods returns, price adjustment, rebates, claims from customers, incentives and compensation in SAP.
Prepared weekly and monthly cash flow forecast reports with variance analysis and monthly AR aging report.
Performed credit review report for existing and new customers and recommend to management the credit term and credit limit.
Analyzed actual sales and forecast to support sales team for request of extension of credit term and temporary increase of credit limit.
Ensure completeness of monthly accruals, reversals and journal entries.
Reconciled monthly the inter-company accounts and issue the billing for any claims and payment on behalf.
Worked closely with tax department for GST issues and other tax compliance related matters.
Liaised with corporate internal and external auditors for queries on audit issues (if any) and other audit requirements.
General Accountant, Lindeteves - Jacoberg Limited, Singapore.
Managed the submission of monthly, quarterly and year end reports to regional office;.
Coordinate, supports subsidiaries and ensure the timely submission of monthly and quarterly reports;.
Performed treasury function for Singapore subsidiaries (including payments thru electronic-banking, download of daily statements and maintain and updates daily bank transactions);.
Liaised with banks, external auditors, subsidiaries and regional officers.
Handles queries from regional office concerning reports from subsidiaries;.
Reviews the accurateness and completeness of entries in the system;.
Review and verify expense claims from sales director and sales staff;.
Prepares quarterly/ yearly budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis.
AR Accountant, GE Philippines Global Business Service (Shared Services Center), Philippines.
Prepares and maintains SOP for countries individual AR process;.
Follow up customers for due invoices and ensure timely collection to avoid past due or overdue accounts.
Coordinate with sales team for those invoices with disputes.
Cash applications in SAP which includes treatment of partial payments, progress billing payments, withholding tax charging and different FOREX currencies effect.
Prepares account receivable reports and analyze top 20 past due customer.
Review accounts receivable ageing and analyze delinquent accounts.
Prepares standard operating procedures for accounts receivable as per SAP process.
AP Accountant, Cypress Semiconductor Philippine Headquarters, Ltd., Philippines.
Process supplier’s invoices from Texas, Minnesota and San Jose, USA in oracle module;.
Resolves issues concerning accounts payable processing, payments of invoices and related issues coming from Texas, Minnesota and San Jose;.
Analyze charges in each invoice and check if the goods are taxable or non-taxable.
Responsible for weekly and monthly close of subsidiary ledger vs. general ledger analysis.
Coordinates with the buyer, requestor and supplier regarding complicated invoices.
Handles queries relating to payment issues from suppliers.
Reconciliation of supplier’s statement of account and accruals.
Internal Control Analyst, Philip Morris Philippines Manufacturing Inc., Philippines.
Test the operating effectiveness of internal control systems.
Identify and analyze operational compliance risks associated with business process and looking to implement best practices to strengthen the internal control environment.
Assist in Sarbanes Oxley testing and documentation’s and accountable for the examination of the accounts payable, financial reporting, treasury & tax process.
Communicate and report audit findings and recommendations.02/2017-07/2017   Financial accountant for AP & GL, Chanel Hong Kong Limited (6 months contract) •  Handle daily accounting operations: invoices checking, payment and prepare journal.
Work with GL team on month-end closing (Balance sheet reconciliation & Bank Reconciliation).
03/2015 to 02/2017   Senior accounts clerk, Richemont Asia Pacific Limited.
11/2012 to 03/2015   Accounts clerk, Richemont Asia Pacific Limited.
Handled daily accounting operations: invoices checking, payment and prepare journal.
Liaised with other departments on solving issues of AP accounting entries, payment and purchase order queries.
Performed stock count with inventory team and inventory audit with auditor in HK and Macau.
Provided SAP training to new joiners in the Group and Masions, e.g. purchase order creation and vendor maintenance. • Assisted the SAP project team for the launch of the SAP VIM project in Shanghai.
09/2011 to 08/2012   Accounting clerk, VF Hong Kong Limited (MNC).
Proceeded payment requests from brands and supporting departments.
Prepared a JV and maintained the up-to-date AP database in SAP system •  Liaised with internal parties for various payment requests and invoice checking •  Answered finance-related enquiry from internal customer.
04/2010 to 06/2011   Accounting officer, ChunWo Vegetable Company.
Audited client testing reports and maintained master database accuracy.
Conducted analytical reports, Powerpoint and summaries for management.
Answered telephone enquiry and assisted in sample checking.
Provided general clerical support to the team, e.g. filing and data entry.
08/2009 to 02/2010  Teleservices executive officer, PCCW Blackberry hotline.
09/2017-  BA(Hons) Accounting, Edinburgh Napier University, Scoop City University of Hong Kong.
09/2007-07/2009   Hong Kong Community College, Hong Kong Polytechnic University Associate Degree  - China Business.
Strong interpersonal skills with clients, staff and management,.
Self-driven and supportive to the work, able to work under pressure.
Enthusiastic team player but able to work well as an individual.
Highly motivated to learn and attention to details in the workplace.Stephenson Harwood is a mid-sized law firm with over 900 people worldwide, including more than 150 partners. Headquartered in London, with nine offices across Asia, Europe and the Middle East providing legal advice to clients in multiple sectors and industries.
The position was created for the expansion of the support team in Singapore for the Alliance group, Stephenson Harwood LLP and Virtus Law LLP managing a team of 4 reporting to the Office Manager and working closely with the Regional COO and Office Managing Partner.
Main responsibilities include Preparation of monthly Management account, budgets and forecasts, GST and withholding tax submission, annual accounts including partner profit allocations, drawings and current account statements, liaising with the auditors for year end and annual accountants report. Other duties include WIP and Debtors review with partners, authorization of expenses in accordance to the firm’s policies and procedures, assistance in providing figures for appraisals, working closely with tax adviser in relation to the preparation of the LLP’s annual tax return and partner’s tax returns and other daily accounting functions.
Greene’s Energy Group, with its headquarters in Houston, is a leading provider of integrated testing, rentals and specialty services for drilling, production, pipeline, construction and process operations. Achievements were implementing an ERP for GEGAP and a newly acquired subsidiary, Associated Rental Tools Company Pte Ltd (ARTCO), management of all accounting functions and streamlining procedures in Singapore. Reporting to the Managing Director and supporting 2 General Managers locally. Reporting includes revenue and cash flow forecast, AR status, P&L variance analysis, coordinating and preparation of annual budget, CAPEX requirements and tax planning. Additional role includes assisting in payroll, liaising with Singapore, UK/US auditors, tax authorities. Ad hoc duties include preparation of Financials for MBO, Quarterly Financials Review, assisting in expatriate matters including payroll and tax filing.
• Assisting in data migration – change of functional currency.
The Global Gases Group, with its headquarters in Dubai, is the world’s leading independent supplier of Industrial and Specialty Gases to the Offshore and Medical markets. The responsibilities were management of all accounting functions and audit in Singapore, Malaysia, Australia and China with a team of 5 regional accountants. Coordinate and preparation of annual budget and financial forecast and implementation a new ERP system, set up policies and procedures for accounts. Additional role includes internal audit, weekly cash forecast, ensuring financial reports are completed in a timely manner, execution of payroll, liaising with auditors, tax authorities. Frequent travelling to regional offices to audit and provide assistance for process improvement, establishing travel policy and staff handbook.
• Liaising with auditors and tax authorities for Singapore, Malaysia,  Australia, China.
Cal Dive International Pte Ltd is a leading marine construction company providing manned diving, pipe lay and pipe burial services to the offshore oil and natural gas industry. This role was created to organise and streamline the internal process and resolved the backlog for the Accounts Payables department. Main duties include managing the Accounts Payable team of four to ensure prompt payment to the vendors and staff expenses within the Eastern Hemisphere. Strong liaison with the operations department to ensure invoices are approved coded in the correct entities and processed in a timely manner. This role also provides the Corporate Controller and the Finance Manager with cashbook updates, weekly cash forecast, timely month end closing, audit request, prepayment schedules, expats earnings report and other ad hoc duties. A strong focus on SOX compliance and corporate policy is essential.
ACI is a global US leading software and service provider for banks with offices in US (Headquarters), Europe and Asia Pacific with Singapore as the head office in Asia Pacific. Main duties include daily liaison with the accounting team, Sales Operation Manager and other business unit managers in Asia Pacific as well as UK and US to facilitate reporting and ad hoc accounting duties. Responsibilities include preparation and presentation of Variance Analysis using Oracle ADI and Oracle Discoverer Plus and revenue recognition for Asia Pacific using Oracle Applications, forecasting P&L, management report and channel summary to Country Managers, heading credit control and remotely managing an Accounts Assistant in China, assist in month-end closing using Oracle Desktop Interface, administrating Sales Pipeline, ensuring SOX compliance, ad hoc requests from FP&A and assisting in auditor’s requests.
An Assistant Accountant for global leading US software producer targeted towards the legal professions. Role includes working closely with the project managers and sales team in UK, France and the Netherlands. Main responsibilities include balance sheet reconciliations, monitoring WIP, fixed assets register, processing time entries, monitoring provision for bad debts, prepayments and accruals, VAT reports and payments, bank reconciliations, assisting in cash flow report, debtors’ analysis and reporting, billings, processing and coding supplier’s invoices. Other responsibilities include assisting in deferred revenue, monthly processing of expenses claims and posting journal entries.
An accounts assistant for an IT services company. Tasks included processing and coding invoices (sales and purchases), 2 bank accounts reconciliations, 5 credit cards reconciliations, credit control, posting journal entries, recharging staff expenses, preparation of deferred income, maintaining and reconciling petty cash using Excel and inputting into QuickBooks, maintaining fixed assets register and assisting the manager in day to day running of the company. In addition to the above, daily activities include answering phone calls and taking messages, liaison with suppliers for stock ordering and pricing issues through various suppliers, inventory control and making travel arrangements and hotel bookings for the director and ordering stationery and office suppliers.Address       : Blk 552, Yishun Ave 6,         Email  Address   : aglim2@yahoo.com.sg.
, cash flow forecastTalented analyst and problem-solving abilities. Strong attention to detail, and unswerving commitment to service.
Proven track record of experience, loyalty and stability in finishing task on time. Ability to work in fast -paced environment. Performing work in an ethical manner while consistently maintaining the integrity of all financial data. Team and individual contributor with the ability to build relationships in a multi-cultural environment and across various office.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel; Microsoft Word; Power Point; Oracle Financials V11.5; Coda; Hyperion, SAP Business Object Analysis for Office (BAO), Business Object Web Intelligence (WEBI), Business Planning & Consolidation (BPC) , Basware Purchase to Purchase , Expensys  and SAP NetWeaver V7.4.
Perform a full spectrum of financial accounting and reporting functions, including Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable, financial profitability analysis, MAS regulatory and statutory reporting, and liaise with internal and external stakeholders, including auditors ,tax agents for global Asset Management organisation.
Manage and supervise 1 Accountant in account payable, account receivable, expense and cash management for APAC.
Review and ensure Regional offices invoices are posted to the right GL account and paid to correct beneficiaries.
Manage monthly financial closing for Singapore ,Hong Kong ,Australia and Japan legal entities and ensure timelines and accuracy of financial records of the Asia legal entities.
Responsible for a range of general accounting activities, include but not limited to GL journal posting, bank accounts, provide analysis of Balance Sheet movements for three legal entities.
Manage post-merger integration of the new acquire Australia companies’ account into the system.
Monitor project and capex accounting, cash flow forecast and intercompany reconciliation.
Oversight of management expenses, maintenance of accruals and budget analysis.
Performing monthly management accounts and providing analysis and commentary on performance against budget for APAC.
Ensure accuracy, compliance and timely submission of regulatory return MAS RBC, HK FRR , and Japan KLFB.
Produced Investors AUM report including subscriptions and redemptions.
Compiled group consolidation reports for Australia and Region entities.
Monitor budgets and comparing them with actual cost related to marketing and capital.
Preparing monthly presentation package for Asia management team.
Timely preparation and submission of all monthly and quarterly schedules to Group in accordance to required deadlines.
Monitor working capital, liquidity and funding requirements, included liaise with bank on banking transactions.
Provide support and guidance to countries finance on group policies, accounting and financial matters.
Collaborate with Finance Platform Team on SAP issues and develop improvement.
Work closely with auditors on local statutory audit, audit queries and preparation of Annual Financial Statement.
Liaise with tax agents, prepare tax schedules and review tax computation prepare by tax agent.
Statutory filling with Company Registrar and regulatory filling with regulatory bodies for the responsible entities.
Completing regulatory reporting surveys and timely responding to MAS queries.
Ensured compliance with IFRS and group accounting policy and procedure guidelines, reduced risk of internal control weaknesses and financial misstatement.
Liaise with corporate secretary on annual ACRA and AGM filling.
Ensure smooth collaboration with relevant stakeholders situated locally and across Pan Asia and London Headquarters.
Assist Regional Finance Controller in continue process im provement and ad-hoc projects.
Transformed the month-end calculation methodology and analysis process to provide a more accurate and detailed fuel accruals and variance analysis.
Set up budget to actual report as specifically requested by business heads. Resulted in cost control and quicker decision-maker attention to variances.
Implemented an automated VAT returns systems which decreased tax return inefficiency by 50%.
Managed a successful merger and acquisition of Australia companies.
Established Asia Hub to support Regional Offices on Account Payable, Account Receivable. Accounting Ledger and Reporting. Resulted in reducing overhead spending 20% through better utilization of resources.
Converted paper approval invoice into electronic. Collaborate and educated business users to ensure they are comfortable with new system. Reduced paperwork 90% and increased efficiency by 50% owing to easy access from all off-state offices.
Assist in the implementation of the ERP software, SAP and Swift payment system which increased accounting department’s efficiency by 50% in handling accounting controls and decreased payment processing time by 80%.
Prepare management and financial report for monthly and quarterly.
Ensure timely and accurate submission of quarterly financial report in Hyperion.
Ensure timely month end closing and analyse accuracy in financial figures /reports.
Assist in the preparation of annual operation budgets and quarterly financial forecast.
Ensure compliance with statutory reporting and liaise with external auditors on audit schedules and year end reporting.
Reduced monthly closing cycle with identification and recommendation of enhanced closing procedures.
Automated several key functions, which increased efficiency by 50% in intercompany billing and reconciliation.
Consistently met deadline while demonstrating strong analytical and problem-solving skills to achieve corporate objectives.
Ensure timely and accurate submission of preparation of financial statements and management Reporting.
Perform Upstream & Hyperion report to HQ, quarterly Console pack and Bi-monthly Cash flow forecast.
Ensure compliance with statutory reporting and liaise with Auditors annually.
Compile various routine and ad hoc reports assigned by Finance Manager.
Decreased month-end closing tasks spanning 7 days to 3 days following implementation of computerised accounting system.
Evaluate, design and implement new chart of accounts and new accounting system (Oracle Financial) General ledger, account receivable, account payable and treasury.
Improved quality and accuracy of reports provided to the executive staff.
Developed a new collection system that reduced outstanding sums due from tenants, and upgraded the existing system which improved processes and doubled efficiencies within the department.
Process payments to Vendors, up to date posting of accounts.
Cheques collection, follow up outstanding invoices via call & e-mail.
Prepare Weekly and Monthly Sales Report,Cashflow  Forecast, weekly &.
Prepare Costing Report, Inter company Reconcile and Bank Reconcile,.
Assist in the timely preparation of management reports, monthly closing of.
Accurately reviewed and resolved exception reports as well as analysed and resolved invoice payments’ transaction related matters.
Formulated daily worksheets for easy transaction recording purposes thereby reducing verification time by 40%.
Implemented corrective measures for ensuring that minor accounting discrepancies do not transpire.
Maintained a cordial relationship with suppliers and customers to ensure productive business dealings.
Introduced computerised software for recording employees working hours that reduced payroll task procedure and time cost by 30%.
Stayed within budget for petty cash disbursement for 4 years..· More than 15 years of F&B experience in Finance, Human Resource, System Support & Office Administration · A self-motivated, energetic team player with business acumen, excellent analytical and interpersonal skills.
· Goal-oriented individual with leadership abilities & proven ability to work with staff at all levels.
BACHELOR'S DEGREE IN SCIENCE | JULY 1998 | NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE.
· Minor: Computational Finance & Computer Programming and Applications.
· ERP Accounting System: Microsoft Navision 2015 (NAV), Sage ACCPAC ERP ver5.4, Tally 9 ERP.
· Point-of-Sales (POS) : Infogenesis, ePoint, Wincor Nixdorf;.
· MS Office :  Advanced EXCEL ,  Business Analytics & Reporting (BAR) , Adv ACCESS Database,;.
· NUS Business School - Leadership Development Program 2013.
· SBF – Workshop on Employment Act , on Drafting an Employee Handbook , on Work Injury Compensation Act, on Discipline Handling at the Workplace from HR & Legal Perspective 2011 - 2013.
· Freddie Heng, Ex-Director of MENU Pte Ltd, +65 9879 8826 / email: freddieheng@gmail.com.
· CK Wong, Managing Director of Databit Pte Ltd, +65 9488 4143 / email: ckw@databit.com.sg.
FINANCIAL CONTROLLER | STOVVE PTE LTD (FKA THE PERANAKAN FOODS COMPANY PTE LTD) | JUN 2016 – PRESENT.
· Manage day-to-day accounting functions and month-end closing, preparing accounting and management reports and cash flow management.
· Coordinate & Review with Auditor, Tax agents on all yearly audit & tax matters.
· Develop and implement policies and procedures for proper internal control.
· Plan and implement a new holistic ERP system which include the in-house central kitchen production.
FINANCE MANAGER | FOOD JUNCTION MANAGEMENT PTE LTD | OCT 2014 – MAY 2016.
· Reports to Group CFO of Auric Pacific Group Limited (a listed SGX company) · Lead forecasting, planning, reporting and payment processes for business.
· Coordinate monthly group closing and consolidation activities.
· Coordinate & Review with Auditor, Tax agents on all yearly audit & tax matters.
· Develop and implement policies and procedures for proper internal control.
· Supervise, develop and provide feedback to staff of employees, including providing guidance through prioritization and delegation of work assignments.
· Coordinated with MIS & Navision consultants for a million dollars full scale of ERP accounting system (Microsoft Navision – NAV) with the integration of highly customized modules such as Leasing, Procurement, Inventory and POS sales data interface for both Malaysia and Singapore entities.
· Generated one time savings of $150,000 as a result of implemented a better & proper payment policies and procedures.
· Recommended & implemented a new Cash-flow management system for a better manage of over 30+ bank accounts including overseas entities resulted timely and highly efficient cash-flow management reports.
FINANCE & IT MANAGER | BREWERKZ SINGAPORE PTE LTD | 2006 - 2009.
ACCOUNTS & IT MANAGER | BREWERKZ SINGAPORE PTE LTD | 2003 – 2006.
ACCOUNTS & IT EXECUTIVE | BREWERKZ SINGAPORE PTE LTD | 2001 - 2003.
SENIOR ACCOUNTS EXECUTIVE | BREWERKZ SINGAPORE PTE LTD | OCT 2000 - 2001.
· Manage a group of 6 finance staff to perform day-to-day accounting functions and month-end closing, preparing accounting and management reports and cash flow management.
· Manage 2 HR Executives to oversee the administration of payroll, compensation & benefits functions such as insurance, Submission of income tax returns, CPF, leave administration to ensure regulatory compliance.
· Involve in the budgeting, year-end auditing and liaison with the external auditors, tax agents, secretarial agents and bankers.
· Handle on-site administration and operational supports for Retail POS systems, network equipment and servers & end-user PCs across office and all outlets.
· Coordinated with Standard Chartered bank for the integration of new online payment solution to suppliers with Inhouse accounting system in late 2003 which effectively reduced the hassle of issuing hundreds of cheque manually every month.
· Fully integrated & customized the existing ERP accounting system (Accpac) with a new ordering system and resulted a yearly savings of $8,000 subscription to a 3rd party vendor in early 2011.
· Assisted company to set up a full set of Point-of-Sales “POS” system for every single new opening outlet without paying setup/implementation fee to POS vendor which lead to a total cost savings of $36,000 or $6,000 per site.
EXECUTIVE – SUPPORTING TEAM | HANJIN SHIPPING (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD | JAN1999 – OCT 2000.
· Reports to Finance Manager and coordinate & manage AR monthly collection from overseas shipping agent office.
TEMP CORPORATE SUPPORT OFFICER | NUS, DEPT OF CUMMUNITY, OCCUPATIONA & FAMILY MEDICINE| JULY1998 – JAN 1999 (6 MONTHS CONTRACT).
· Reports to Senior Lecture and assist in medical research and survey assignment.Address                           : Block 418, Bedok Avenue 2, #03-89 Singapore 460418.
Member of Institute Singapore of Chartered Accountant, ISCA.
Associate member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountant, ACMA.
Chartered Institute of Management Accountant (CIMA) Professional Certification.
I was awarded The S Laurence Gill Prize for achieving the world highest mark in Financial Accounting Paper during my first attempt in November 1997 CIMA examination.
A corporate service providers providing services on company formation, accounting, tax and payroll services to clients both in Singapore and outside Singapore.
I would liaise with clients to provide quotations, and consultancy advice in relation to preparation of the company’s full sets of accounts, compilation reports, corporate tax, Goods and Services Tax (GST), withholding tax, individual tax as well as payroll service.
The consultancy services provided is to assist companies incorporated in Singapore to comply with ACRA, IRAS and CPF rules and regulations.
I am leading a team of more than 10 staffs within the Accounting and Tax department and reporting to Chief Operating Officer.
As a senior management of company, I am also a member of Company Risk and Regulatory Compliance (CRRC) committee as well as sub-committee reviewing and overseeing the overall risk associated with clients on boarding and other operational risk.
I am also actively involved in the strategy development of the department and the team.
I also provide training to the staffs with regards to specific tax and payroll topics as this improves the sharing of information.
A full licensed bank in Singapore providing financial services to retail and corporate customers.
I was responsible in closing month-end and year-end for the Corporate Real Estate Services (CRES) department and ensure that reporting deadlines are met. I was reporting to Regional Senior Finance Manager and to the Head of CRES who was also the head of department.
I was involved in the preparation of the Bank’s annual property budget and quarterly rolling forecast to Group within tight deadlines.
I was the business partner of the real estate and facility management operations team in order to assist them in analyzing the cost spent against budget and to explain on the variances in management reporting.
I was assisted by a Finance Officer who was responsible in processing daily invoices payment and preparation of accounting journals.
An international public accounting firm specialized in audit, tax and advisory services.
My audit clients were mainly financial institutions, merchant banks, a listed group of real estate companies and a government linked group of media companies.
I managed portfolio of audit engagements independently with minimal supervision from managers and partners.
I planned, organized, supervised and allocate audit field work to junior associates and monitored the progress of the audit engagement.
I identified critical and significant audit risk areas and developed a detailed audit plan for engagement managers and partners.
I conducted walkthrough interviews with senior management personnel to understand business processes, risks and controls. I walked through the processes and assessed the effectiveness of the controls implemented. I reviewed control testing performed to ascertain that the effectiveness of control and reported on control deficiencies identified.
I had exposure in performing a bank’s walkthrough processes which include treasury, trade finance, loan, risk control, settlement, accounts, as well as compliance and regulatory reporting.
I had experience in performing bank overall compliance and regulatory reporting based on KPMG regulatory audit program.
I was in charged for financial statements audit. This includes checks performed on the comprehensive income statement, statement of financial positions as well as all the disclosure notes in the financial statements. I reviewed the financial statements to ensure the compliance with accounting and auditing requirements.
A public listed company in Singapore specializes in provision of services in service apartments in Asia Pacific as well as in Europe countries.
I was responsible in keeping full set of accounts for companies within the group of which their principal activities were investment holdings, property developments and retail malls.
A public listed company in Malaysia, which activities are manufacturing and distribution of food supplements and health care products.
I was responsible in the preparation of group consolidated accounts and quarterly announcements reports in accordance to listing requirements. This includes review on foreign subsidiaries financial reports, coordinate with overseas finance team and auditors.
I was also involved in product costing and pricing, implementation of budgetary control system for the group.
A subsidiary of a public listed company in Taiwan, which activities are manufactures and distributes electronics instruments.
I was responsible in handling full set of accounts includes general ledger, account payables and accounts receivables. I prepared monthly management reports such as product profitability report, sales analysis and provide variance explanations against forecasted sales for management information. I liaised with auditors, tax agents and bankers in daily operational matters. I reported directly to Managing Director.To pursue a challenging and rewarding career that would enhance my technical management and interpersonal skills and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, meeting people, travel and advancement to top management position.
To pursue a challenging and rewarding career that would enhance my technical management and interpersonal skills and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, meeting people, travel and advancement to top management position.
To pursue a challenging and rewarding career that would enhance my technical management and interpersonal skills and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, meeting people, travel and advancement to top management position.
To pursue a challenging and rewarding career that would enhance my technical management and interpersonal skills and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, meeting people, travel and advancement to top management position.
Computer skills familiar with Bloomberg , Flex Account System, SAP, MYOB, Peachtree, Excel (marco writing), Spreadsheet Presentation, Power Point, FRR Returns (Type 1,2,4,5,6,9 ).
Computer skills familiar with Bloomberg , Flex Account System, SAP, MYOB, Peachtree, Excel (marco writing), Spreadsheet Presentation, Power Point, FRR Returns (Type 1,2,4,5,6,9 ).
Computer skills familiar with Bloomberg , Flex Account System, SAP, MYOB, Peachtree, Excel (marco writing), Spreadsheet Presentation, Power Point, FRR Returns (Type 1,2,4,5,6,9 ).
Computer skills familiar with Bloomberg , Flex Account System, SAP, MYOB, Peachtree, Excel (marco writing), Spreadsheet Presentation, Power Point, FRR Returns (Type 1,2,4,5,6,9 ).
Finance Manager, Galaxy Asset Management (HK) Limited (Type 4,5,9)  / Galaxy Capital Limited (Type 1, 6 ).
Finance Manager, Galaxy Asset Management (HK) Limited (Type 4,5,9)  / Galaxy Capital Limited (Type 1, 6 ).
Finance Manager, Galaxy Asset Management (HK) Limited (Type 4,5,9)  / Galaxy Capital Limited (Type 1, 6 ).
Finance Manager, Galaxy Asset Management (HK) Limited (Type 4,5,9)  / Galaxy Capital Limited (Type 1, 6 ).
Ensure that the financial data reported on fund are accurate and consistent.
Ensure that the financial data reported on fund are accurate and consistent.
Responsible for full set of Company Management Account - at Company(s) Level (FRR Reporting).
Prepare FRR which in line with SFC requirement (Type 1,4,5,6 & 9).
Prepare the Management Account for the Company and the subsidiaries involves issuing invoices, routine booking keeping and prepare the consolidate financials.
Prepare financial reports and month end analysis reports via the computerised accounting system.
Assist in preparing financial statements, budgets and tax computations.
Prepare month end intercompany reconciliation, expense analysis and financial statements.
Assist CFO in system implementation, budgeting and audit preparation.
Responsible for full set of Company Management Account - at Company(s) Level (FRR Reporting).
Prepare FRR which in line with SFC requirement (Type 1,4,5,6 & 9).
Prepare the Management Account for the Company and the subsidiaries involves issuing invoices, routine booking keeping and prepare the consolidate financials.
Prepare financial reports and month end analysis reports via the computerised accounting system.
Assist in preparing financial statements, budgets and tax computations.
Prepare month end intercompany reconciliation, expense analysis and financial statements.
Assist CFO in system implementation, budgeting and audit preparation.
Associate, Quintus Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited (Alternative Investment).
Associate, Quintus Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited (Alternative Investment).
Associate, Quintus Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited (Alternative Investment).
Prepared the daily portfolio position holding reports to the investment team.
Handle record of fund subscription, redemption and switching order.
Prepare the KYC (Know Your Client) checking for dealing (Institutional and retail investors).
Co-ordinate with custodian to keep track with the cash management and make sure the correct settlement instructions have received by custodian.
Perform cash management in preparing cash flow forecasts models for recommendations to fund managers.
Ensure fund-related expenses and payments are processed promptly and accurately.
Ensure that the financial data reported on fund are accurate and consistent with internal databases.
Prepared the daily portfolio position holding reports to the investment team.
Handle record of fund subscription, redemption and switching order.
Prepare the KYC (Know Your Client) checking for dealing (Institutional and retail investors).
Co-ordinate with custodian to keep track with the cash management and make sure the correct settlement instructions have received by custodian.
Perform cash management in preparing cash flow forecasts models for recommendations to fund managers.
Ensure fund-related expenses and payments are processed promptly and accurately.
Ensure that the financial data reported on fund are accurate and consistent with internal databases.
Prepared the daily portfolio position holding reports to the investment and marketing team.
Providing supports to Portfolio Management, such as daily system maintenance on Portfolio managements, Preparation or maintenance of performance reports for both portfolio management clients and advisory clients, various kinds of product supports.
Supporting and managing the requests/enquiries from the clients/ Relationship managers effectively.
Handling daily payment transactions in an accurate and timely manner.
Support of Portfolio Manager to prepare the tailor made report for Discretionary a/c of the investor(s).
Perform cash management in preparing cash flow forecasts models for recommendations to the team of investment banking.
Prepared the daily portfolio position holding reports to the investment and marketing team.
Providing supports to Portfolio Management, such as daily system maintenance on Portfolio managements, Preparation or maintenance of performance reports for both portfolio management clients and advisory clients, various kinds of product supports.
Supporting and managing the requests/enquiries from the clients/ Relationship managers effectively.
Handling daily payment transactions in an accurate and timely manner.
Support of Portfolio Manager to prepare the tailor made report for Discretionary a/c of the investor(s).
Perform cash management in preparing cash flow forecasts models for recommendations to the team of investment banking.
Perform the Fund Valuation with Cash Management, Trade Process, and calculation of the rebate commission.
To subordinates in preparing portfolio valuation and financial statements.
To verify accounting records, monitor daily operational issues related to unit trusts and ensure all activities are in compliance with the requirements of the Bank and regulatory authorities.
Made in tight communication with the related Fund House, Investment Management Ltd.
Performing accounting duties in cooperation with their external fund administrators and company accounting service providers, preparation of group financial statements and currency hedging.
Perform the Fund Valuation with Cash Management, Trade Process, and calculation of the rebate commission.
To subordinates in preparing portfolio valuation and financial statements.
To verify accounting records, monitor daily operational issues related to unit trusts and ensure all activities are in compliance with the requirements of the Bank and regulatory authorities.
Made in tight communication with the related Fund House, Investment Management Ltd.
Performing accounting duties in cooperation with their external fund administrators and company accounting service providers, preparation of group financial statements and currency hedging.
Fund Administrator, Paramount Investment Management Limited (Alternative Investment).
Fund Administrator, Paramount Investment Management Limited (Alternative Investment).
Fund Administrator, Paramount Investment Management Limited (Alternative Investment).
Prepare the report such as trailer rebate, placement fee, distributor rebate to our distributor & handle the dealing matter.
Assist in the placement transactions & deal with the Agents’ question.
Responsible for investment operation activities comprising fund valuation, financial statements and reports in respect of hedge funds, unit trusts or mutual funds.
Assist in execution of any dealing including the implementation of internal processes such as the Customer Fact-sheets and Applications.
Assistant in dealing issue and communicate with various Fund House (Such as HIRST, WINTON, VISION, AP Fixed Return Fund, PAM-Universal).
Assist Fund Manager to perform Due Diligence with potential clients.
Prepare the report such as trailer rebate, placement fee, distributor rebate to our distributor & handle the dealing matter.
Assist in the placement transactions & deal with the Agents’ question.
Responsible for investment operation activities comprising fund valuation, financial statements and reports in respect of hedge funds, unit trusts or mutual funds.
Assist in execution of any dealing including the implementation of internal processes such as the Customer Fact-sheets and Applications.
Assistant in dealing issue and communicate with various Fund House (Such as HIRST, WINTON, VISION, AP Fixed Return Fund, PAM-Universal).
Assist Fund Manager to perform Due Diligence with potential clients.Analytical, result minded and technical oriented professional with highly calibre to be part of dynamic and progressive organization to gain experience and to maximize my capabilities towards the success of organization I’am committed to.
2003-2004 – Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK (ACCA).
Related Courses: Financial Reporting (Paper 2.5), Audit and Assurance Services (Paper 3.1), Business Information Management (Paper 3.4), Strategic Business Planning and Development (Paper 3.5), Advance Corporate Reporting (Paper 3.6), Strategic Financial Management (Paper 3.7).
2001-2003 – Bachelor of Accountancy (Hons), Second Class (Upper)        Mara University of Technology (UiTM) Shah Alam Campus.
1998-2001 – Diploma in Accountancy,         Mara University of Technology (UiTM) Pahang Campus.
1997         –  Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM),                     Convent Peel Road Secondary School, Kuala Lumpur.
1.    Company Name: Pos Logistics Berhad ( fka Konsortium Logistik Berhad).
Responsible for monthly and quarterly consolidation of PLB Group of Companies and timely submission to Pos Malaysia Berhad and review monthly variance analysis prepared by Accountant of the respective Business Unit.
Responsible to execute day to day treasury transactions such as fund transfer, surplus funds investment and loan, interest settlement via daily cash flow reports. To ensure compliance with loan covenants post drawdown and with relevant legislation and/or adherence to internal treasury policies and financial authority limits.
To ensure Credit Collection held in weekly basis for the respective business unit and any disputes are resolved before the next meeting and assessment for impairment for every quarterly are performed.  Timely payment for any outstanding to vendor based on the overdue Statement of Accounts.
To ensure timely preparation and submission for CP204 to IRB and GST-03 to RMCD and DRBHICOM. Review and ensure compliance for monthly GST submission and quarterly preparation of Corporate taxation. Assist in preparation of Transfer Pricing documentation required by EY.
Involved in adhoc task i.e preparation of BOD paper and business case for TNBF vessel financing coal affreightment services which liase with the Banker to obtain the Term Sheet quotation and to assess the ROI /IRR/ NPV for the project financing. Besides that, act as focal person for liquidation of five dormant companies for cost saving initiative purposes.
Designation:  Finance Manager, Business Plan, Budget Management & Compliance        From: May 2013 To: July 2016.
Responsible to formulate and translate VADS Business Plan and budgeting policies, procedures and guidelines appropriate for the various business units and VADS as a whole.
To support business unit planning and budget needs by providing BP models/templates in accordance with the policies, procedures and guidelines.
To coordinate the full and complete BP submissions for VADS in line with the overall BP requirements and the timely distribution of approved budget to business unit in VADS.
To coordinate business unit and VADS Group on the forecast of financial and business performance for the development of BP reviews and the monthly Forecast submission to Group Finance TM.
To track VADS business unit performance and assist in driving towards revenue target and cost efficiency.
To analyse and manage VADS Group and business unit operating budget and virement request.
To manage Capex budget including request, virement and approval.
Identification and monitoring of the VADS (Business Finance) related risks. To provide consultancy and advise on critical risk issues.
To address outstanding audit issues via liaisons with responsible parties within VADS team, internal auditors, external auditors and ABAC Secretariats. To update the management on critical audit issues where relevant.
Focal person for Forecast and Business Plan submission to TM in Anaplan Consolidation System.
3.    Company Name: Scomi Energy Services Bhd ( fka Scomi Marine Bhd).
Provide  financial information to meet internal and external requirement  which comprises of:-.
review and preparation of monthly management account of the Company and consolidated financial statements of its Group of companies;.
review and prepare monthly slide presentation of the Group financial performance for Board of Directors and Exco meeting;.
review and prepare quarterly result and notes for the Group quarterly announcement in compliance with Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements;.
Review and prepare the Company and Group budgets including preparation of the board papers and slide presentation related to the budget exercise.
Manage company's financial accounting, monitoring and reporting systems.
Develop external relationships with appropriate contacts e.g. auditors, solicitors, bankers and statutory organizations such as the Inland Revenue, Bank Negara.
Ensure timely, accurate and comprehensive consolidation financial report (monthly, quarterly and yearly) for submission to Head of Department and MISC Bhd for review and decision making, e.g. Monthly and Quarterly Performance Report (highlight on variance / shortfall against budget) and provide financial input update to CPD.
Responsible for the preparation of annual budget, forecast and planning by liaising with the business development, marketing and operation departments to arrive at the budget key performance indicators and plan and strategies and initiatives to be incorporate into budget forecast and planning preparation.  Undertake the budgetary control processes by reviewing and analyzing the actual performance against the budgeted or planned performance and advising the Management on factors that lead to significant variances.
Facilitate the provision of sound and timely financial evaluation and analysis for management decision making by using the standard and recommended financial evaluation and analysis tools such as NPV, DCF, payback period, target pricing, activity based costing and product costing. Incorporate complete, correct and relevant information in the evaluation and advisory, so as to ensure that management undertake and/or plan correct and sound strategies, objectives and decisions.
Ensure consolidation of reporting for the Company for monthly, quarterly and yearly for management and board of directors as well as coordinate and responsible for preparation of yearly budget consolidation.
Establish procedures and set monthly deadline for management reporting in line with MISC Group deadline to all related departments and branches, thus to ensure timely and accurate reporting.
Manage the performance and development of staff within the section/department. Set and communicate clearly performance expectations and review progress against development plans and provide coaching/guidance. Identify, coach and develop subordinate to evaluate their capabilities and competencies levels to become qualified leaders in line with triple plus in the Corporate Agenda.
I was the PMO of the said project with the objective to reduce the fuel consumption and to improve the efficiency km/litre for each prime mover. The purpose of the project are to determine and prioritize the root cause for inefficiency of fuel consumption and to find the solutions, measurement method and target for each root cause. This project involved four regions and two pilot project  was held at Central Region and Eastern Region.
Review divisional MFRs and Monthly Operations Reports and prepare Q-Schedules for quarterly reporting.
Reconcile the MFRs balances to the Group Financial Accounts.
Prepare and review of Group Financial Accounts consolidated worksheets/schedules.
Prepare financial analysis for analyst & press at quarterly announcements.
Assist the Senior Accountant in preparation of Group Management Plan.
Assist the Senior Accountant and Head - Management Accounts in accessing the financial impact, fair valuation (including options) on acquisition, liquidation, disposal or divestment of subsidiaries/associates.
Assist the Senior Accountant and Head – Management Accounts in maintaining the SAP Chart of Accounts.
Responsible for monitoring and circulation of monthly Foreign Exchange Rates to the respective division.
Supervise and provides training to subordinates and prepare any ad hoc report.
Prepare monthly financial statements, management report and submission of monthly Consol Reporting Package to Felda Holdings Berhad.
Assist in the coordination, compilation and submission of the annual budget prepared by each department.
Supervise and ensure proper internal control procedures are complied by finance department.
Assesment impairment review for loss making mills as at year end as to comply with FRS136.
Prepare the provisional tax and deferred taxation computation.
Involve in Felda Holding Berhad (“FHB”) Corporate Restructuring for the divestment of shares in subsidiary of Felda Palm Industries Sdn Bhd to FHB which in line with FHB Corporate Restructuring Scheme. In addition, ensure all the documents pertaining to FHB Corporate Restructuring Scheme completed/compliance for SC submission.
Involve in setting up and implementation of online payment of treasury system (M2E) that includes identify, advise, and recommend options on any potential problems.
Attend site visit to the mills to identify weaknesses and provide recommendation and option to mitigate the problem.
Monitoring Account Receivables, Account Payables, Fixed Assets register and bank reconciliation.
To ensure agreed inter companies transactions within the Felda Group of Companies.
Liase with auditor, tax agent and lawyers for statutory matters relating to year end audit.
Planned numbers of active and smaller companies for Pos Malaysia & Services Holdings Berhad and its subsidiaries, Linde Industrial Gases Sdn Bhd, MTBE Malaysia Sdn Bhd, PKNS Engineering and Construction Berhad and Johnson Suisse Malaysia Sdn Bhd. Obtained background information, prepared planning and review checklist, documented the client’s accounting systems and internal controls, assessed environmental and control risk, considered the audit approach and tailored the audit program, accordingly. Additionally, involved audit on the critical sections such as review of trade receivables, inventories and taxation.
Assist senior in review the consolidation of Pos Malaysia & Services Holdings Berhad.
Involve in the special audit i.e assist senior in reviewed the Statement of Internal Control (SIC)    prepared  by Internal Audit Department of Pos Malaysia & Services Holdings Berhad to ascertain the.
factual accuracy of the SIC pertinent to Statement of Corporate Governance.
Identification of the significant issues and assess the risk of significant misstatement  for Pos Group, PKNS Engineering and Construction Berhad, Linde Industrial Gases Sdn Bhd, MTBE Malaysia Sdn Bhd.
Assists senior in preparing the audit committe slides for Pos Group as to hilighted the audit findings during the period under review.
Attended numbers of stocktake  such as MTBE Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Polypropylene Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Johnson Suisse Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Linda Gas Malaysia Sdn Bhd and CCM Chemicals Sdn Bhd and  prepared reports for the findings on the stocktake activities.
Identification of potential management letter (ML) points and hilighted to management attention as points of improvement and as value added service for clients.
Performed statutory audits i.e update clients statutory books to reflect changes. Ensured statutory returns were filed promptly.
As a team member, i gave a full support and cooperative to the team as to expedite and completion the audit within the required time frame.
Adaptable to new environment and posses sociability skills.
Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Able to deal with people from various organizations and backgrounds locally, regionally and globally.
Briefing on New Companies Act 2016 and Accounting Standards Updates.
SAP GEMS EAM PS 01 Standard Investment Mgt (IM) PS Capex Project.
Attended in the Consolidation in Practice – Accounting for Business Combinations & Changes in Ownership Interests under Revised MFRS 3 and MFRSs 10-12. Attended in Presentation of Financial Statements and Disclosure requirements of IFRS/MFRS.
Involved in MILS Mini CSR and was nominated as a Committee member.
Attended in Cost Reduction and Profit Improvement Strategies.
Attended in the Updates of FRS 2010/11 New & Revised FRSs, Amendments, IC Interpretations and New Bursa Listing Requirements.
Participated in several courses conducted by PWC on the FRS matters i.e.
Attended the course on Fundamental & Advance Principles of Deferred Taxation.
Attended the ACCA Member2Member talk on Managing Transitions from Finance Manager to CFO to CEO.
Participated in Public Speaking organized by Association of Professional Accounting Students UiTM.
Attended the MAICSA-UiTM student conference on “WTO-Its Impact on the Corporate Professionals”.
An avid reader, interested in reading various topics including fictions, politics, economics, and.Internal Audit and Compliance at Taurus Wealth Advisors Pte Ltd.
- Planned and executed audit procedures at portfolio company (investee of TAEL), including understanding and evaluation of industry and business risk.
- Assessed the quality of risk management processes, systems of internal controls and corporate governance processes across the business processes of the investee company.
- Identified significant emerging risks through on-going surveillance and monitoring of the investee company.
- Performed compliance review to ensure the company is adhering to relevant statutory regulations and guidelines.
- Discussed with management on the findings together with its relevant risks.
- Provided adequate recommendations for improvements and ensured appropriate prompt follow through of remedial actions on issues, gaps and deficiencies noted.
- Prepared audit reports and ensured that all significant issues and relevant recommendations are highlighted.
- Managed and maintained professional communication and relationships with various levels of management.
- Ensured regulatory compliance by Members and market participants across the Securities and Futures Act [SFA], Securities and Futures (Financial & Margin Requirements for Holders of Capital Markets Services Licences) Regulations [SF(FMR)], Securities and Futures (Licensing and Conduct of Business) Regulations [SF(LCB)R], Singapore Exchange rulings [SGX] , SMX/SMXCC rulings in a timely and regular manner.
- Handled Monetary Authority of Singapore [MAS] queries – relating to Members, SMX and SMXCC and provided responses to MAS on an immediate and prompt basis.
- To be the liaison with the MAS on all regulatory matters such as approvals, notifications, and submissions.
- Performed regulatory duties that covers Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism [AML/CFT] requirements, which includes Know Your Customer [KYC], customer on-boarding due diligence, verification of identity, reporting and record keeping.
- Performed enhanced customer due diligence on an ongoing basis (monthly, quarterly and annually review of Members’ profile and financials) to monitor for risks introduced by Members to the Exchange/ Clearing Corporation as a result of adverse changes in financial resources or status.
- Conducted on-site reviews on clearing members in order to assess their on-going compliance with laws and regulations in the SFA, SF(FMR), SF(LCB)R, SMX/SMXCC rulings and to assess adequacy of their system of internal controls and management oversight.
- Discussed with management the non-compliance findings together with its relevant risks.
- Provided recommendations and ensured appropriate and prompt follow through of remedial actions on issues, gaps and deficiencies noted during on-site inspections.
- Conducted off-site reviews based on periodic financial and non-financial returns submitted by Members to ensure that they comply with the minimum capital and financial requirements imposed by the Exchange and relevant Regulations.
- Facilitated and provided guidance to Members on any compliance related issues and requirements under the SMX/SMXCC Rules, Notices and Circulars.
- Performed reviews on notifications and other requests received from Members requiring the Exchange/Clearing Corporation’s approval.
- Conducted independent vetting and evaluation of all membership applications submitted to SMX/SMXCC to ensure that the application pack is complete and the applicant meets the admission criteria, including KYC and customer on-boarding due diligence.
- Processed requests for transfer or resignation of membership status.
- Maintained a registry of Nominated Representatives and Authorized Users and ensured that persons appointed meet the stated requirements.
- Attended to external and internal queries regarding membership applications that are currently being processed, and appointments of Nominated Representatives and Authorized Users.
Industries covered: Investment Properties and Leasing of Commercial Retail Space, Oil and Gas, Telecommunications and retail.
- As an experienced senior auditor in charge, I have led teams to carry out various aspects in financial audit effectively, and provided proper guidance and supervision to junior team mates.
- Developed engagement approach which includes both quantitative and qualitative analysis, and understanding and evaluation of industry and business risk.
- Performed audit works which includes, audit planning, budgeting, controls testing, substantive work, reporting and completion in accordance with approved auditing standards and accounting standards.
- Understand, evaluate and test client’s business processes from front office to back office, including controls, and provide adequate recommendations for improvements.
- Managed and maintained professional communication and relationships with various levels of client.
- Communicated and report findings and recommendations to managers, partners and client.
- Reviewed and assessed consolidated adjustment entries and reporting packs prepared by client.
- Demonstrated strong analytical review skill/financial analysis on the companies through the examination of their financial performance, accounting and financial practices against industry benchmark.
- Reviewed full set of financial statements and consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS and SFRS.
- Performed certification work for charity organization in relation to the compliance of Charities Act, (Chapter 37, section48), Charities (Fund-Raising Appeals for Foreign Charitable Purposes) Regulations.
- Performed sales certification for the purpose of assisting client in submission of Statement of gross sales to the lessors.
Industries covered: Hospitality, Hotel Ownership and Management, Provision of Hospitality Solutions, Facilities Management, Real Estate Development and Investment, Investment Properties, Leasing of Residential and Commercial Retail Space.
- Identified accounting issues especially for impairment of assets, revenue recognition, recognition of operating and finance lease and disclosure requirements and utilized comprehensive knowledge of accounting standards to resolve the issues.
- Reviewed and evaluated the soundness of the Company’s accounting policies and procedures.
- Reviewed group reporting package, consolidation worksheet and financial statements and notes to the financial statements in accordance with relevant IASs and SFRSs.
- Assessed financial risk and identified controls mitigating the risk, evaluate the appropriateness of the design of controls and testing the effectiveness of controls. Communicated the deficiencies or gaps and provided recommendations on internal controls.
- Performed agreed upon procedures in accordance with the Singapore Standard on Related.
Services applicable to agreed-upon procedures engagements for assisting client in the reporting to the Licensing Division of the Singapore Police Force.
- Performed special purpose audit in accordance with the Singapore Standards on Auditing applicable to special purpose audit engagements in connection with the examination of the Statement prepared in accordance with the requirements of Money-changing and Remittance Businesses Act (Chapter 187) and related MAS notices.Manage financial accounts reconciliations and month end closing.
Prepare monthly consolidated management report with variance analysis.
Responsible of monthly GST reconciliation and quarterly submission.
Oversee treasury matters such as opening and maintaining of bank accounts.
Monitor daily regulatory requirements such as financial resources, total risk exposure, customer funds segregation and propose prompt remediation to management in the event of any breach.
In-charge of regulatory submission to MAS, SGX, ICE, IE Singapore and DGCX within prescribed timeline.
Actively involved in discussions and perform impact analysis on regulatory ratios or thresholds per new business initiatives.
Prepare quarterly maintenance margin threshold for management approval.
Review credit risk exposure of clients, counterparties and brokers.
Coordinate financial and regulatory audit processes with external auditors as well as internal compliance/assurance team.
Implement new accounting and risk systems in accordance to statutory requirements and reduce manual processes.
Performed full set accounting including AR, AP, GL, bank reconciliations, journals, intercompany transactions, GST registration and filing, corporate tax matters and etc.
Reviewed monthly financials (in both IFRS and US GAAP) from overseas subsidiaries.
Executed Group financial consolidation in accordance to IFRS.
Managed year-end audit procedures and prepare statutory accounts for the Group.
Implemented timely cash flow projection and cash call from shareholders.
Pioneered and designed annual Group budget and forecasting process.
Initiated process improvements to ensure internal controls.
Performed analytical review on overseas project progression against budget and forecast.
Developed Group monthly management reports and project financial reports.
Participated in Group’s restructuring process, involving overseas taxation.
Singapore Power Group, Singapore (Management Associate Scheme / Scholarship Program).
(i) Assistant Manager, SP Training & Consultancy Company             Jun 13 – Aug 13.
Reviewed quarterly GST submission prepared by Accounts Executive.
Performed full set accounting including AR, AP, GL, journals.
(ii) Assistant Manager, Settlement Division, Singapore Power Ltd              Jun 11 – Jun 13.
Executed month end closing / hedge accounting for derivatives, bonds, and FX contracts.
Being the champion in providing variance analysis across Singapore Power Group for complicated hedge relationships denominated in various currencies.
Monitored daily cash flow plotting to ensure optimal cash management.
Ensure compliance of daily counterparty limits and debt covenants.
Administered settlement of daily multicurrency transactions and principal/interest payments on Treasury transactions including loan and swap.
Managed movements in intercompany treasury transactions and loans.
Facilitated and in charge of annual financial budgeting and review.
Prepared monthly treasury reports to Head of Audit, CFO and GCEO.
Delivered a savings of S$10K for spearheading Crystal Report in a Treasury system implementation across Singapore and Australia.
(iii) Accountant, Financial Control and Reporting, Singapore Power Ltd      Feb 11 - Jun 11.
Performed monthly analytical review on the financials for management reporting.
(iv) Accountant, Accounts and Tax Branch, SP Services Ltd                          Jun 10 - Feb 11.
Responsible of cash portfolio - cash reconciliation and daily cash flow management.
Took charge of reviewing internal processes and identifying any control weaknesses.
Analyzed financial standing of potential vendors as part of the project decision making.
Gathered input from business units for half year financial review and budget exercise.
Air Rifle Club, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore                        Aug 08 – Jul 09.
Changi Youth Ambassador, Changi Airport Group, Singapore         May 04 – May 07.
Air Rifle Club, Yishun Town Secondary School, Singapore             Jan 00 – Dec 03.
Microsoft Office (including Visual Basic), SAP Financial, UBIX, AAH, Optimai RBC System, Crystal Report, SunGard Quantum Treasury System, Business Planning & Consolidation (BPC), CTMS, SPSS, AccPac.(Home) 62006564 (Mobile) 91735447 (Email) jinachua@gmail.com.
2009-2011  University of London (UOL), Singapore Institute of Management.
Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance (Second Lower Class Honours).
First class honours in financial reporting, banking and finance.
May 14 – Feb 17  TechnipFMC Singapore (Formerly known as FMC Technologies Singapore Pte. Ltd.).
Perform month-end closing and reporting roles such as sales and gross margin reports, analysis reports.
Prepare monthly tax provision and yearly Corporate tax computation for tax filing purpose.
Prepare and file monthly GST return, including imports and exports.
Perform Transfer pricing compliance check and make necessary adjustment.
Prepare SOX narratives for all cycles, such as order to cash, procure to pay, Fixed Assets, General Accounting, Taxes, Employee Compensation and Inventories.
Dec 11 – Mar 14 Foo Kon Tan LLP (Formerly known as Foo Kon Tan Grant Thornton LLP).
 Review client accounting and operating procedures and systems of internal control.
 Provide recommendations for improved controls and enhanced business efficiency.
 Perform comprehensive variance analysis and determine root-cause for each significant variance.
 Establish good working relationship with client and work closely with the audit team and client to identify and resolve potential and existing issues.
 Develop and implement financial plans and solutions for clients.
Sep 08 - July 09 Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte Ltd.
 Record supplier invoices into the system – Payables ledger.
 Awarded Certificate in Module 5 Rules and Regulation for Financial Advisory Services,.
 Awarded Certificate in Module 9 Life Insurance and Investment-Linked Policies.
 Awarded Certificate in General Insurance and Basic Competency Examination.
 Freshmen Orientation Camp- participated as Student Buddy and Student Coordinator (2007, 2008).
 National Accounting Quiz- participated as an Invigilator and Usher (2008).
 XBRL Seminar held in SGX – volunteered as a Student usher (2007).
Able to handle accounting software such as SAP, ACCPAC, ORACLE.
Language Skills       Fluent in English and Chinese, both written and spoken.With more than 10 years of experience in the finance and accounting profession with HK listed company with a diversified business portfolio in the Greater China. I am seeking a challenging but rewarding position to utilize my knowledge on accounting and finance, internal control, analytical skill and especially familiar with PRC Tax and accounting standard and regulation.
Built up Risk Management framework and mechanism to comply with the new requirement of Corporate Governance.
Design an audit procedure and group policy through the training course and deliver a message to various business units.
Familiar with HKFRS and PRC GAAP, PRC tax planning and regulation apply in order to comply with local government.
Review procedure through enhancing the continue development with aspect to finance/group policy/business operational flow to achieve effective and efficient management.
Proactive thinking to fit for rapidly changing business environment.
Prepare the Monthly/Quarterly/Annual Reports and manage the internal and external review for these documents.
Inform parties of necessary deadline adherence for the following processes:  financial close, budget plan, cash flow and financial modeling.
Monitor and ensure timely identification and compliance with evolving accounting guidance, provide GAAP interpretation and prepare technical memorandums that document issues in a clear, logical and comprehensive manner.
Communicate and explain accounting issues and evolving accounting guidance to the management team.
Manage communications with external auditors on external financial statements and accounting issues to ensure auditor agreement with company decisions on accounting disclosures, and issues.
Create, implement and maintain comprehensive worldwide accounting policy documents to improve clarity and consistency.
Perform continuous assessment of the close process and process re-engineering to reduce the timing to close the financial period.
Supervised and organized a team of 4 to 6 junior associates to resolve problems and achieve reporting deadline.
Prepare operational and management reports and perform relevant data analysis, and provide support to Business Unit leadership team, partners and managers’ meeting.
Assist Business Unit leader in the annual budgeting process; and facilitate on-going financial management such as revenue forecast and sales and pipeline monitoring.
Performed risk assessments, data analytics and financial review for over 80 projects. Compiled and presented audit findings and suggested practical business improvement.
Deliver presentations and training to the Business Unit to help them understand the need for change.
Work closely with Risk Management Committee at other locations to ensure alignment of operational practices.
Victory Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (JV Company with DCH)               Senior Financial Analyst        2008 – 2009.
Assist local Financial Controller to prepare month end financial and management reports.
Monitor AR collection time/Cut Off time of Expenses and Income.
Supplier selection procedure and monitoring procurement flow against department’s budget planning.
Designing a full set of “Bill of Material” to control the standard cost.
Support and provide assistance to External Auditor to complete audit accounts and follow outstand issues.
DCH Supply Chain Management Co. Ltd.                            Senior Finance Officer         2006 – 2008.
Review reasonableness against financial budget/forecast, present to BU’s head with quality fact findings.
Provide supporting to operation manager and act as liaison between Finance and Operation Team.
Conduct in-depth investigations of suspicious financial activity, analyze financial data to detect irregularities in areas such as.
billing trends, financial relationships, and regulatory compliance procedures.
Inspect account books and accounting systems for efficiency, effectiveness, and use of accepted accounting procedures to record transactions.
Examine whether the organization's objectives are reflected in its management activities, and whether employees understand the objectives.
Prepare, analyze, and verify annual reports, financial statements, and other records, using accepted accounting and statistical procedures to assess financial condition and facilitate financial planning.
Conduct pre-implementation audits to determine if systems and programs under development will work as planned.
Audit payroll and personnel records / Evaluate taxpayer finances to determine tax liability, using knowledge of Treasury function/Review taxpayer accounts, and conduct audits on-site.
Produce up-to-the-minute information, using internal computer systems, to allow management to base decisions on actual, not historical, data.
Prepare financial statement in accordance with GAAP, Budgeting, Forecasting, Cash Management and knowledge of IPO.
Analyzed inventory cost in order to minimize cost and maximize profit.
Evaluated monthly sales report and presented findings for management decisions.
Forecasted monthly budget to adjust labor schedule and ordering of daily material supply in order to manage daily logistics.
Support senior level auditors with bookkeeping, A/R and A/P, clerical and administrative duties, include processing and recording client invoices into the accounting software and systems. Also interact with the vendors and various departments within the company for day to day task.
Skills              Proficient in English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, HFM, Oracle, ERP/SAP.General Ledger, Regional Shared Service Centre (Senior Accountant).
Led the Shared Service Centre setup in 2014 for Hong Kong country (total – 2 entities and 1 branch office).
Perform and co-ordinate month-end closing with country team.
Preparation of monthly and quarterly fluctuation analysis.
Review of lease agreements for operating, capital or built-to-suit leases, computing and assessing for asset retirement obligation.
Preparation of quarterly accounting memos for assessment in compliance with US GAAP requirements.
Preparation of monthly schedules for vendor information updates in system.
Liaise with auditors for statutory and group reporting requirements.
Involved in User Acceptance Testing for upgrade of Oracle Accounting System (R11 to R12), identifying areas of system improvement (key reports functionalities).
Involved in REIT restructuring for Hong Kong – creation of one additional legal entity (2015), User Acceptance Testing in Oracle  and recording of transfer entries.
Assisted in deferred taxes computation true-up from local GAAP to US GAAP.
Assisted in report validation for automating GST rates in billing system.
Acquisition of Japan subsidiaries (total – 10 entities). Worked with Corporate HQ team in US and with KPMG in Purchase Accounting entries.
Chart of Accounts mapping conversion of acquired subsidiaries’ Trial Balance.
Recording of conversion bridge entries from Japan GAAP to US GAAP for month-end closing.
Secondment to Japan for Post-Merger Integration activities of acquired subsidiaries in Japan (7 months).
Oversee month-end closing activities – drafting calendar deadlines and key liaison accountant co-ordinating between Japan, Shared Service Centre and Corporate HQ.
Setup internal processes for US SOX compliance reporting,  reviewing SOX deliverables, liaison with Corporate SOX team and with local/ global auditors for any issues and findings.
Involved in Systems integration planning and execution processes.
Involved in REIT restructuring planning and execution for acquired subsidiaries.
Integration of acquired subsidiaries into Equinix culture and work processes.
Liaison with local/global auditors for acquisition and year-end audit.
APAC Lead-in-charge for Global Corporate Travel Program rollout.
Worked with Corporate HQ in selecting of global travel management vendor.
Review and shortlisted vendors for Request for Proposals (RFPs), demo views.
Worked with selected vendor on planning and execution of program rollout for APAC countries.
Individual nomination for Q2 2016 Finance Equistar for ‘Extra Miler’ efforts.
Audit experience in industries – Electronics & Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Schools, and Government Agencies.
Planning, performing of audit fieldwork - responsible for identification of significant risk areas based on client’s business industry and operations. Propose audit approach and procedures. Recognition of relevant internal controls within the client’s financial processes, identification of weakness areas and recommendation of improvement points to further strengthen internal controls.
Performed review analysis between client’s budgeted and actual financial performances.
Review of the financial statements in compliance to the reporting financial framework.
Second Class Honours (Lower Division), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
For good participation in Community Involvement Program (CIP).
Edusave Scholarship Award (Ministry of Education, Singapore).
Microsoft Certified Application Specialist – Microsoft Office Excel 2007.
Microsoft Certified Application Specialist – Microsoft Office Access 2007.Home Address:  Room 1213, Yee Wai House, Tsing Yi Estate, N.T.
To obtain an accounting analysis/reporting position within a growth-oriented and progressive company.
Excellent time management skill and ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA).
09/2015 – 09/2017   Financial Accountant       Intertrust Hong Kong Limited.
Keep monitoring the KPI from time to time and alert management if the performance out of track.
Perform regular financial analysis reports and upload the figures to SAP.
Monitor invoicing process and coordinate recurring billing process.
Ensure data integrity and participate in development projects for various systems.
Work closely with various teams in the business to collect and analyze reporting requirements.
Perform user acceptance test in ViewPoint (VP) system & Conduct end-user training.
Treasurer of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee.
Achievement: Perform management accounting & financial analysis duties.
07/2015 – 09/2015  Assistant Accounting Officer        Evangel Hospital.
In charge of handling full set of account for an associate, including tax computation & treasury management plus month-end closing for six clinics.
Developing KPI to evaluate the success of hospital / project.
Follow up several projects e.g. Loving Simile Service, which cooperates with the Government, submit periodic progress and auditor report, preform pre- and post-project profitability analysis.
Setup policy for department operation e.g. unpresented cheque & bad debt policy.
Perform cost analysis and price setting of outpatient services and surgery package price e.g. “Cleft Lip & Palate Treatment”.
Perform yearly hospital P&L & Cash Flow budget & monthly forecast.
Perform quarterly internal audit including work-flow analysis and improvement suggestions.
Achievement: Gain appreciation of the quality in the internal audit report from the Board of Director formed by doctor, lawyer and accountant.
11/2011 – 09/2012    Assistant Accountant             HKR International Ltd.
Responsible for monthly consolidated financial statement of foreign subsidiaries in kitchenware division and financial reporting of HK subsidiaries in health care division.
Achievement: Take part and obtain practical knowledge to handle a consolidated financial statement.
04/2011 – 11/2011     Accountant (Contract)          Wealth Blooming (HK) Ltd.
Responsible for monthly financial reporting, cash flow management, payroll and MPF.
Provide training and supervise staff to meet tight deadline.
Design and implement internal control procedure and workflow to make the operation smoothly.
Achievement: Acquire the experience to be a capable team leader.
02/2007 – 10/2010  Accounting Assistant        DHL Supply Chain (HK) Ltd.
Take over the Account Payable duties of the whole company, including bank reconciliation.
Responsible for handling full set of account for technology and spare part logistic sector, including well-known customer’s profitability analysis for HP and IBM.
Assist in financial and management reporting, e.g. budget variance report.
Liaise with regional office in Singapore for inter-company reconciliation.
Achievement: Obtain the trust from the Accounting manager who gave me the opportunity to learn how to do a full set of account and participate in ah-hoc mission.
09/2003 – 07/2006  Higher Diploma in Accountancy & Information Systems.
Current Salary   HK$24.5K per month+ 1.5 Months Performance Bonus.Jun 2015 – Jun 2017 – Pricewaterhousecoopers Consulting Hong Kong.
Analyse and identify gaps in client as-is environment and provide target operating models, recommendations and/or solutions on a wide range of financial/treasury issues.  Examples include: o  Enhance assessment processes and organisational structure of entity’s investment function o  Treasury system implementation to prepare for entity’s upcoming financing needs and adherence to latest accounting standards.
o  Develop framework, policies and procedures for entity risk management and facilitate competitiveness assessment of terms offered by external financial product vendors.
Prepare reports to communicate findings to address client issues.
Manage the overall project team by preparing budgets and ensure timely delivery of project deliverables and completion of tasks in line with engagement time plan  Coach junior team members.
Cashflow monitoring and deal placement to utilize surplus funds effectively and ensure adequate funds to meet payment obligations.
Preparing and reviewing payments through various electronic and manual channels.
Setup ISDA agreements and negotiate credit facilities with financial institutions.
Perform monthly variance analysis for senior management review.
Maintain updated schedules for the Authority’s investments, derivative instruments and outstanding debt to oversee their status and maturity.
Develop and foster relationships with internal departments and external bank contacts.
Preparation of client financial statement reporting documentation.
Year end audit for all audit sections including tax and inventory at both company level and consolidation level.
Liaise with clients’ financial controller, chief accountant and other departmental staff    Client Portfolio:.
o Transport International Holdings Limited (KMB Group), CITIC Telecom, Dah Chong Hong, Sanyo Electric Hong Kong, TPG.
Control systems walkthrough and testing of claims (non-marine and marine), premium, reinsurance & coinsurance debtors and creditors, unearned premium reserve(UPR) & deferred acquisition costs(DAC).
o Insurance: Tokio Marine, UNUM, NUGI Solus (Subsidiary of AVIVA) o Investment Management: 3i, Invesco.
Reduction of outgoing fax & mail confirmations project in fixed income trading, thereby reducing annual costs of around £7,000 allowing more efficient resource utilization which adheres to internal compliance requirements.
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales – ACA    Passed CFA examinations Level 1.
Final Year Project: TCP Performance for Wireless Internet       (First Class).
GCE A-Levels in Mathematics, Physics, Economics & Computing.
  English (Fluent), Cantonese (Native), Mandarin (Fluent).
Advanced knowledge in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Access.
Imperial College badminton team & captain of high school badminton team.
Deliver presentations and hold sharing sessions for local university students    Ernst & Young graduate campus team for Imperial College London:  Promote Ernst & Young to Imperial College London student body    Industrial liaison officer of university course:.
Acquire sponsorship for departmental events & arrange firm presentations.Member, Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) (in the midst of application).
November 2009 to April 2011 – Accounts Executive (1 year 6 months).
May 2011 to Nov 2013 – Senior Accounts Executive (2 years 7 months).
Dec 2013 to present – Assistant Manager - Finance (3 years 10 months).
Finance – Corporate, Property & Planning (2 November 2009 - 11 November 2011).
Covers subsidiaries which deal with investments (local and overseas).
Preparation of monthly accounts and monthly performance reports for foreign subsidiaries.
Preparation of quarterly consolidation accounts for foreign subsidiaries.
Finance – Overseas Operations (12 November 2011 - 14 June 2017).
Covers operations in US, UK, IOM and Labuan, which are mostly investment related.
Preparation of monthly accounts and monthly performance reports.
Preparation of quarterly consolidation accounts for group reporting purposes.
Assist in budgeting and providing necessary info for tax related matters.
Preparation of corporate papers and presentation slides (New projects, funding structure, etc).
Preparation of accounting papers (Accounting treatment on investment, etc).
Provide guidance to US and UK finance team, especially on group reporting related matters.
Liaise with external auditors for quarterly and annual reporting matters.
Covers mainly on F&B’s and Sales & Marketing (S&M) division’s reporting, along with hospitality division related matters.
Check / review of monthly performance reports and presentation slides.
Preparation of quarterly divisional write-up and presentation slides on F&B division •  Review/Preparation of statutory accounts.
Assist in budgeting for hospitality division (execution of formula planning and zerorising process).
Liaise with external auditors for quarterly and annual reporting matters •  Assist in ad-hoc projects when required.
MS Office 2003 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher).RE : APPLICATION FOR THE FINANCE, GENERAL ACCOUNTING POSITION.
Having achieved many goals in my career of managing business relations, process enhancement, project implementation and public accounting, I am interested in expanding my professional horizons by seeking new position in the finance and accounting field.
As you can see, throughout my career, I have established myself as an exceptionally successful and effective accounting, statutory reporting and tax preparation professional. My deep understanding of accounting principles, business process re-engineering, familiarity with local FRS/ regulations and outstanding interpersonal skills are the reasons I have thrived in these roles. You will also find me well-spoken, energetic, confident, and personable. I have enjoyed a reputation as an efficient accountant and have a knack for immediately establishing a good rapport with my employer as well as my colleagues.
The key strengths that I possess for success in this position include, but not limited to, the following:.
Maturity, honesty, ability to look at challenges as opportunities.
Implementing automated financial reporting process to download financial data, reducing manual procedures and enhancing accuracy and timeliness.
Recommend and implement company policies to support organizations cost saving initiative.
Reduced payment processing cycles by introducing the host to host payment method.
Managed the intercompany netting process to eliminate interco settlement costs.
Led several cross-functional teams and coached team members to develop skills and confidence in their ability to examine work processes, create solutions and measure improvements.
Serve as primary point of contact for and liaison between management and business groups to consolidate financial information.
Reorganized team members duties and responsibilities for more productive operation, including faster service with less return.
Developed closing timeline and scope of work that redunced turnaround time from five workdays to two workdays.
Implemented to new tax and accounting systems that reduced and improved tax and management reporting.
Centralized Accounts Payable from various locations to facilitate transition from cost centers to profit centers, and knowledge were appropriately transferred.
Effectively prioritized and organize work loads in a constantly changing environment to meet daily and weekly schedules.
My objective is to establish a time when we can meet to discuss how my talent, professionalism, and enthusiasm will value to your operation.
Address : 10 Bedok Rise #11-33, Singapore, 469601, Singapore.
Institute/University : University College Dublin, Singapore.
Qualification  : Certificate in Effective Business Writing.
Field of Study  : Basic Insurance Concept & Principle, Personal & Commercial General Insurance.
Institute/University : Singapore College of Insurance, Singapore.
Reason for leaving : Limited growth at company and not compatible with personal career goals.
Leading and ensure timely closure of general accounting function for the APJ region.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, gathering financial data, preparing journal entries, compiling various periodic and ad hoc reports, and performing reconciliations of Balance Sheet accounts, Cash balances and Audit Schedules.
Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, cost of sales, operating expenses and capital expenditures.
Consolidate financial information for the Singapore office and its subsidiaries, including Japan and Hong Kong, so as to provide for timely submission of management reporting and data analysis to respective business units.
Provide both the USGAPP and Local Statutory month end close reporting pack to the EMEA Accounting team with explanations of monthly/ quarterly fluctuations and changes in account balances.
Preparation of monthly funding forecast, ensuring inter-company debts and lendings are eliminated within agreed timeline.
Computation of the Transfer Pricings for local entities and perform cross-charge to HQ on a monthly basis.
Preparation & Filling of quarterly indirect tax (GST returns) to local Authority.
Liaise and follow through with external auditors, tax agents and corporate secretarial representatives on necessary statutory requirements.
Business partnering with the Sales team and operations in headcount planning, financial management and control as well as providing vital support on project cost evaluation and profitability analysis.
Liaise with Tax team, outsourced Local service provider (LSP), Tax consultants and Auditors on managing the monthly, quarterly, and annual tax deposits and filings;.
Provide Concur training to the APAC region and serve as the SME for Concur in Travel & Expense.
Drive automation, participate in process and system improvement projects, test and identify areas for continual improvement and business process re-engineering.
Responsible for the monthly FX revaluation and month-end close process, ensuring that the accounting books are closed timely and accurately.
Reviews the accuracy of the Fixed Asset movements and reconciliations and Balance Sheet schedules prepared by the Shared Service teams based outside Singapore.
Preparation of monthly cash forecast, to enable the entity to optimize on its regional cash management strategy.
Maintain Payroll register and review month-end close entries for payroll, bonus, commision, withholding tax, vacation and other related benefits, including employee expenses and accruals.
Preparation of monthly Tax Schedules and Balance Sheet close pack which includes variance analysis between different periods – monthly, quarterly and yearly fluctuations.
Performs assigned duties and tasks associated to the OPEX analysis and cost savings.
Liaising and working closely with Auditors (Internal & External) to ensure that audit fieldwork is completed and finalized appropriately.
Auditing Inter-company transactions and balances as well as approve on the periodic cross-charge, confirmations and nettings.
Computation of the Transfer Pricings for local entities and perform cross-charge to Corporate office on a monthly basis.
Preparation & Filling of quarterly indirect tax (GST returns) to local Authority.
Drafting and completion of Annual Statutory returns, both audited Financial Statements and Internal Management reporting.
Completion of Corporate Income Tax returns, working with tax advisors/ agents to ensure timely completion.
Co-ordinating and running regular business reviews with Global finance and Corporate office covering financial performance for the business to ensure financial objectives are achieved from the accounting perspective.
Acting as in-country liaison between Corporate office, Business units, GBS and GA in all aspects of documentation, process improvement, system enhancement and information requirements.
Preparation of government statistical returns and responsible for compliance work for regulatory surveys inputs.
Reason for leaving : Seeking and pursuing other possibilities within FP&A and GL.
To handle the APAC (Shared Service) and leading a team of Analysts based in-country, Japan and India.
Manage the operating cashflow, reviewing of journal postings and inter-company settlements.
Engage internal and external clients and provide resolution/ recommendation to the issues encountered.
Organise and supervise accounting process to ensure timely and accurate AP transactions and reporting that meet business needs and local statutory requirements as well as operational KPI that is according to the agreed SLA.
Ensure purchase order management and payments are executed accurately and timely.
Accountable for the management approval workflow, proper processes and procedures are adhered to meet with audit standards and system UAT with respect to AP's requirements.
Work closely with Business Group on IT automation initiatives and financial reports customization.
Leading the Globalization, Legal entities Amalgamation and business short-term projects.
Assessment and approve on Senior Management Team's approval rights within their approval limits for the cost centers, commodity GL.
Re-engineering and providing efficient and effective Finance processes, recommend and implement changes within the Shared Service Center.
Responsible for the timely delivery of accurate monthly management reports with commentaries on the variance analysis.
Attend monthly management meetings with Japan, AMER and EMEA counterparts to provide status updates and follow through with solutions process.
Work with the Director and the VP of Internal Audit to develop the annual audit plan based on the objectives established by the audit committee of the board of directors, executive management and corporate audit.
Manage and implement change on manual to automated process.
Responsible for the Withholding Tax (TDS), VAT and GST periodic filing and reporting.
Provide both real time virtual and live training to Business groups on new application implementations.
To handle Account Payable for various entities (Shared Service).
Review and monitor GR/IR account and follow up on aged items.
Verify and process management staff’s expense reports, ensuring completeness, accuracy and compliance with prevailing policies.
Analyze, evaluate and consolidate the information obtained from business group into management report.
Provide support to stakeholders on financial matters such debt compliance, accounting and financial due diligence in various projects undertaken.
Monthly pre-close review and explain for fluctuated variances.
Quarterly GST preparation and Balance Sheet review with Division Controllers.
Participate in on-going regional projects (SAP ECC6 testing, mapping and implementation).
Monthly reconciliation of balance sheet accounts ensuring reconciling items are investigated and cleared in a timely manner.
Provide timely response and resolutions to clients’ enquiries.
Participate in process improvement initiatives and maintenance of robust, reliable and consistent systems and processes that support APAC Finance Shared Service.
Proactively identify report modifications and/ or new reports to better support business management.
Prepare monthly accruals and reversal of prepayments, accounting schedules; and other ad-hoc duties assigned.
Company Name  : Marsh & Mclennan (Guy Carpenter & Company Pte Ltd).
Reason for leaving : Looking for a career advancement in a more specialized area.
Handle Accounts payable function and expense claim verification, coding as well as posting.
Maintaining the FA register and to perform timely month-end accounts closing in areas such as General Ledger journal processing and posting, inter-company billing, bad/ doubtful debts and tax provision.
Reconciliation and preparation of audit schedules and maintenance of master tables such as chart of accounts, accounting period and exchange rates.
Preparation of monthly reports such as Profit & Loss, cash flow, fiduciary interest computation and variance analysis with commentaries and accurate submission of management reports to HQ.
Quarterly reporting as such Balance Sheet, GST filing and interco analysis for management reporting to US head office.
Consolidation of financial reports for various divisions using Hyperion reporting pack.
Assist business units in the preparation of annual budgeting exercise, estimates and rolling forecast.
Involvement in the integration testing and Oracle implementation. Analyze business processes, recommend and implement system/ modules improvements or enhancements to promote effective internal controls and sound management practices.
Attend to external audits, taxation and corporate secretarial matters.
Function   : Finance – Accounts Receivable and Credit Control.
Reasons for leaving          : Take up new challenges and to gain exposures in MNC.
Provide back-end billing support to Sales, Marketing, Property, Investment Strategy, Food & Beverage and Transportation departments. Ensure that accurate billing, SOA and reminders are sent promptly to residents and tenants.
Manage accounts receivable and credit control management. Monitor the aging report and provide doubtful debt provision in accordance to company policies.
Monitor and reconcile the tenant and lessee control files and monthly SOP before upload to the system for management to review. Liaise with Property department to update existing and new tenancy agreement, rent note and banker’s guarantee.
Reconcile most of the accounts such as bank, trade debtors, tenants’ deposit and inter-company from sub-ledger and GL. Process month end closing revenue reports, debtors/creditors’ aging and preparation of the analysis financial statements and distribute to all the relevant management.
Monthly accrual and reversal of earned and unearned revenue. Re-classification of monthly adjustment and passing all necessary journals to GL. Preparation of Monthly Consolidated P&L and Balance Sheet all related audit schedules. E-filling of Company’s quarterly GST. Maintaining fixed asset register, allocating FA coding, movements and monthly depreciation.
Supervise the team work and to ensure compliance with statutory reporting requirements and financial accounting regulations.
Prepare consolidation of group accounts and analysis of group operation. Analyze business and financial performance for business units and the Group.
Assist Financial Management in cash management / treasury functions, taxation matters, and preparing annual budgets and liaising with external auditors, etc.
Supervise, manage, train and assist  office/sales staffs. Maintaining existing customer’s account, update latest promotions and prepare quotations.
Prepare for meetings and correspond with member and bankers representatives on upcoming meetings.
Prepare correspondences, document invoices. General administrative work. Liaise directly with banking officers regarding automotive loan applications, loan disbursements and floor stock.
Maintain in-office calendar and training calendar, keeping track of schedules/appointments.
Accounts payable like issuing and check payments to suppliers and customers, accounts receivable like issuing of break-down sales invoices, sending reminders, tax invoices and official receipts. Maintaining general ledgers and forecast budgeting. Monitor Company’s daily cash flow, petty cash and to ensure that company’s bank overdraft facility is enough to support working capital. Prepare monthly bank reconciliation and company’s Profit & Loss and Balance Sheet.
Preparation of audit schedules and financial reports. Prepare and submit GST, and statutory returns.
Received cash and check receipts, maintained ledger book and computer record of bank deposits.
Bank reconciliation, monthly payroll, weekly floor stock and petty cash.
Prepare and record concurring operating expenses in Accounts payable Sub Ledger.
Created and reconfigure client databases and general administrative work.
Processed monthly expenses reports and preparation of final copy from draft to distribution.
Company’s yearly Profit & Loss and handled general administrative duties, such as filing, faxing, copying and mailing.
Assist year-end statutory audit and preparation of statutory accounts.
Bank reconciliation, monthly payroll, weekly floor stock and petty cash.
(Proficiency: Advanced - Highly experienced; Intermediate - Familiar with all the basic functionalities; Beginner - Just started using or learning the skill).(+60) 16-276 7539 | agnestong2628@gmail.com | MYR 8,500 | Setapak, Kuala Lumpur.
(+60) 16-276 7539 | agnestong2628@gmail.com | MYR 8,500 | Setapak, Kuala Lumpur.
Wood Group Kenny Sdn Bhd (f.k.a  J P Kenny Sdn Bhd | Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Wood Group Kenny Sdn Bhd (f.k.a  J P Kenny Sdn Bhd | Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
-Prepare and review management account, ensuring the completeness  of the accounts closing (i.e Bank Reconciliation, Accounts Receivables, Accounts Payables, Cash Book, Project based and General JV).
-Monitor  the completeness of statutory audit, preparing statutory financial statement.
-Coordinate the preparation, review with tax agent/Group Tax Manager and feedback for annual tax return and the tax estimate to ensure compliance to requirements and timelines.
-Prepare and review management account, ensuring the completeness  of the accounts closing (i.e Bank Reconciliation, Accounts Receivables, Accounts Payables, Cash Book, Project based and General JV).
-Monitor  the completeness of statutory audit, preparing statutory financial statement.
-Coordinate the preparation, review with tax agent/Group Tax Manager and feedback for annual tax return and the tax estimate to ensure compliance to requirements and timelines.
Omesti Berhad (f.k.a Formis Resources Berhad) | Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Omesti Berhad (f.k.a Formis Resources Berhad) | Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
-Consolidate Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss and Cashflow for Formis Group for the  BSKL’s Listing Requirements.
-Consolidate Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss and Cashflow for Formis Group for the  BSKL’s Listing Requirements.
-Prepare and review balance sheet reconciliations using Blackline system.
-Ad hoc requests from Team Lead and Finance Manager from time to time.
-Blackline administrative role: to assign reconciliation tasks in Blackline and other administrative tasks.
-Involve in projects, for example, Business Continuity Plan and Finance Close Acceleration projects.
-Prepare and review balance sheet reconciliations using Blackline system.
-Ad hoc requests from Team Lead and Finance Manager from time to time.
-Blackline administrative role: to assign reconciliation tasks in Blackline and other administrative tasks.
-Involve in projects, for example, Business Continuity Plan and Finance Close Acceleration projects.
Finance - Corporate Finance/Investment/Merchant Banking.
-Assist in preparation of cluster business plan presentation decks.
-Coordinate and periodically update sales and P&L forecasts for all SEA Business Units.
-Consolidate Business Units related results across SEA to deliver accurate, timely and actionable reports with meaningful insights/analysis for various stakeholders.
-Enforce timely and quality submissions from countries to reduce the need for detailed checking.
-Handle Regional Office requests related to assigned job scopes.
-Provide ongoing analytical support which includes revenue drivers and margin analysis for the various Business Units for SEA and the management of Business Units and support functions related expenses versus budget or latest estimates and against prior year’s results.
Consolidated the opex narrative report submitted by countries and sent out to HQ.
-Do intercompany billing for any cross charge within SEA countries quarterly.
-Share the opex guidelines from the top management for the new financial year with the countries.
-Liase with various departments, GEM (Global expense management), country/business analysts, sales force and my FP&A team members.
-Assist in preparation of cluster business plan presentation decks.
-Coordinate and periodically update sales and P&L forecasts for all SEA Business Units.
-Consolidate Business Units related results across SEA to deliver accurate, timely and actionable reports with meaningful insights/analysis for various stakeholders.
-Enforce timely and quality submissions from countries to reduce the need for detailed checking.
-Handle Regional Office requests related to assigned job scopes.
-Provide ongoing analytical support which includes revenue drivers and margin analysis for the various Business Units for SEA and the management of Business Units and support functions related expenses versus budget or latest estimates and against prior year’s results.
Consolidated the opex narrative report submitted by countries and sent out to HQ.
-Do intercompany billing for any cross charge within SEA countries quarterly.
-Share the opex guidelines from the top management for the new financial year with the countries.
-Liase with various departments, GEM (Global expense management), country/business analysts, sales force and my FP&A team members.
-Updated balance sheet reconciliations in Excel and do journals to reclass the  entries, top up/write back provision when advised by analyst through email.
-Handled intercompany cross charges matters, in accordance with Company policies. Prepare detailed cross charges data and supporting information and resolve any cross charging issues that may arise.
-Updated balance sheet reconciliations in Excel and do journals to reclass the  entries, top up/write back provision when advised by analyst through email.
-Handled intercompany cross charges matters, in accordance with Company policies. Prepare detailed cross charges data and supporting information and resolve any cross charging issues that may arise.
Professional Certificate in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Malaysia.
Professional Certificate in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Malaysia.
JDE accounting system (ERP), SAP end user support skills, Essbase Hyperion, Sharepoint, Business Warehouse, ACCPAC, SAP Accounting System, UBS Accounting System, NAVISION.
JDE accounting system (ERP), SAP end user support skills, Essbase Hyperion, Sharepoint, Business Warehouse, ACCPAC, SAP Accounting System, UBS Accounting System, NAVISION.
B-2-1,Menara Alpha,Section 2,Wangsa Maju, 53300, Setapak, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
B-2-1,Menara Alpha,Section 2,Wangsa Maju, 53300, Setapak, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.* Processing of Monthly payroll for about 200 headcount for both local staff and Expatriates using Timesoft System.
* Responsible for preparation & disbursement of personnel wages, processing & verifications of payment vouchers and ensure proper maintenance of procedures and documentation.
* Work closer with HR Department Maintaining of both HR information system and leave administration management system.
* To manage and administer employee life cycle events such as on/off boarding, transfer, promotion, re-hiring, resignation and etc.
- take the lead accounts staff in Philippine ensure that all entries are posted correctly.
- Process for the telegraphic transfer to Malaysia by weekly.
- work closely with operation & sales team utilities relationship to ensure that overdue accounts follow up by the team .
• Experience in minimal supervision & skilled in use of Telegraphic transfer , UBS software , fullset accounts and written communication skills and knowledge of Trader information technology.
- Oversee the AR collection Including Sending/monthly SOA as needed.
- Assist to prepare monthly AR Montly Report and other Ad -hoc task.
- Liase with internal sales team to follow up the payment Plan.Responsible for all MAS regulatory reporting for Barclays Merchant Bank Singapore.
Interact with the front office traders on the trading strategy of the trading portfolio assets in view with the current economic conditions.
Responsible in supervising, reviewing and developing junior staff.
Involved in the preparation and submission of the daily BAUs, Corporate Tax and GST.
Review the daily BAU control functions and implement control solutions to improve efficiency.
Perform the calculation of the Basel III Capital Adequacy Ratio (“CAR”) and ensure that the Company is in compliance.
Currently assisting in the implementation of a migration project with FC Change, Product Control, IT and Operations Team.
Preparation and review of annual audited financial statements.
Responsible for the analysis of companies’ financial performance via financial ratios, variance analysis, trend analysis and margin analysis as part of the testing of the financial data and identification of areas for further work to be performed.
Preparation and review of financial statements, at group and individual companies’ level to ensure compliance with Financial Reporting Standards.
Responsible for drafting of Management Letter Points (on matters regarding Internal Controls that have been observed during the course of the audit) as part of client service.
Responsible for testing the design, operating effectiveness and implementation of internal controls that has an impact on the preparation of financial statements.
Experience in SOX/Internal Audit engagements as part of identifying key controls, testing the design of client’s controls and testing the operating effectiveness of client’s controls.
Coordination of engagement team members, including providing guidance and support to other team members to ensure satisfactory and timely completion of the audit.
Helping in the management and assessment of business and risk, provide suggestions on increasing internal controls and offer bottom-line oriented solutions.
Works with NPCC Organisation to coordinate courses for all Secondary Schools in Singapore.
Training Officer for Leadership and Mentoring Skill Course 2006.
To use my professional skills and experience to value add the company and also build a long term career with opportunities for career growth.
Experienced in MAS and Liquidity regulatory reporting, Financial and Management Accounting and Business Unit Controller (“Manager”) for Financial Markets.
Accounting knowledge (eg. US GAAP, SOX 404, IFRS and FRS) and audit background.
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills and organizational abilities.
Entrepreneurial, responsible, motivated and possess initiative.
Excellent writing and interpersonal skills and a team player with good communication skills.
Proficient in MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint and MS Access, Essbase, SAP.
Business Unit Controller for Financial Markets (“FM”) for the Asia Region, mainly in Bank Treasury, Rates and FX, Credit Trading, Structured Products, Global Equities Product and Global Securities Finance.
Involvement in the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) Project – (i) Coordination between various departments (Bank Treasury, Risk, Lending Services and Internal Stakeholders) (ii) Preparation and Analysis of the LCR DA.
Constant interaction and management with senior stakeholders (Front Office, Product Control, Risks, Legal Entity Controllers, Business Management/ COO).
Preparation of Asia (consolidated) and Singapore ALCO Finance Package (BS, P/L, RWA, NIM, LCR). In the P/L segment, variance analysis with Budget.
Preparation and analysis of detailed Cost Reports to all FM desks.
Implemented automated initiatives / improved efficiency on the existing BAU reports.
NOV 2011 TO SEP 2014           BARCLAYS BANK  ANALYST, REGULATORY REPORTING.Language:      Cantonese (native), English and Mandarin (locally fluent).
Current Salary:       $40,000 x 13 months with discretionary bonus.
Expected Salary:    $45,000 - $50,000 x 13months (negotiable).
  Bachelor of Commerce (Griffith University) (Oct 2005 – Dec 2007).
LCCI  (British Accounting Exam) – IAS Level 3 (Distinction) (2004).
Coverage: operations in HK, Singapore, Isle of Man & Malaysia (about 50 entities).
Report to Directors of the Company, supervise Accounting Officer and Assistant Accountant in HK; and.
10 Senior Accounting Officers and Accountants in Philippines.
Handling Full Set of Financial Statement for Limited Partnership and Limited Company.
Liaising with Hong Kong Taxation Office, Auditor & External Stakeholders (JP Morgan, ICBC etc).
Verifying recorded transactions and reporting irregularities to Director.
Preparing Annual and 5-year budget on half yearly and yearly basis.
Preparing Quarterly Management Reports and Financial Analysis for management view.
Dealing with Foreign Currency, Foreign Suppliers and Foreign Bank including Chinese Suppliers and RMB transactions.
 Developed the tailor-made ERP system (containing function of Accounting, Insurance, HR, Sales, Supply Chain, Vessel status etc) and consolidated accounting system by creating consolidation report, performing data analysis to facilitate categorization and setting up Customer Web Access System.
Shared Service Centre / Business Outsourcing Set-up in the Philippines.
 Set up and manage the SSC Team (for AP, AR, GL) in the Philippines, by hiring and training new staff, designing job duty for each position, establishing reporting formats and office renovation.
Australia company, a conglomerate in Brisbane with business in Hospitality, Retail, Construction, Property Management, Broadcasting.
Coverage: operations in Australia and China (about 20 entities).
Report to Financial Controller and Director of the Company, supervise 2 Accountants and 4 Assistant Accountants, Payroll Officer.
Liaising with Australian Taxation Office, External Tax Accountant & Stakeholders.
Verifying recorded transactions and reporting irregularities to Financial Controller.
Settle and reconciling Multi-International entities transaction.
Full Payroll function including Superannuation preparation & Staff Reimbursement Claim.
Dealing with Foreign Suppliers and Foreign Currency including Chinese Suppliers and RMB.
Preparing annual budgeting and Cash-flow forecast on a timely basis.
Preparing Monthly Management Reports and Financial Analysis for management view.
 Handle integration of an accounting system (MYOB) and sales system by categorizing products, gathering user requirements, handling UAT and providing training to staff.
Reason for leaving: To return to Hong Kong for long-term development.
Advanced Accounting Systems, including PAL (tailor-made ERP System), MYOB, Quickbook & Peach Tree.
Advanced computer skills, including MS Excel (Advance Level - CTI Training Centre with Certificate), MS Word, PowerPoint and Chinese Word Processing.
Team Player, strong analytical skills and good time management skills.
Organizational skill and self-motivated with strong sense of responsibility skill (gained through work with team members and industry working experiences).
Strength & Qualities:    Ambition, good team player, honesty, willingness to learn.Email: henry_r33@hotmail.com Mobile phone: +852 6011 1525.
Qualified Accountant with over nine years’ experience in professional firms and large multinational organisations. Excellent financial reporting, financial planning & analytical skills, coupled with a strategic outlook and proven professional ability. My future ambition is to continuing pursue ad-hot project and financial management within a multinational organisations.
Bringing finance department in-house and implement the whole accounting system.
Assisting and supporting a company’s IPO project for listing on Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Coached, mentored and developed a newly established finance team.
Leading a team to provide professional finance service for clients with the annual turnover of over HK$500m.
Successfully restructuring an accountancy firm resulting in 15% profit increase.
Preparation of consolidated financial statements, schedules and cash flow statements, and perform reconciliation and analysis of accounts.
Monthly cash reconciliations, review weekly sales reporting and daily cash management.
Liaise with external auditors for audit, liaise with tax agent and liaise with other parties (IPO sponsor).
Setting out the annual budget and production of monthly management accounts to highlight variations from expectation.
Ongoing cost and internal control in all areas of the business area.
Assist ad hoc projects in time to time basis, i.e. IPO project, accounting software systems implement.
Guided junior accounting staff by coordinating activities and responding their questions.
Preparation of statutory financial statements and tax returns for individuals and corporations.
Computation of Corporation Tax Liability, Capital Gain Tax Liability and Income Tax Liability.
Preparation of financial reports for SME corporations, partnership and sole proprietorship business, i.e. business plan, budgets/forecast statements.
Undertaken PAYE and VAT returns, also handling payroll functions for clients.
Planning and completing audit assignments accordance with the audit standards.
Provide guidance to junior staff by review and correcting their work.
Microsoft Office Suite – Word, Excel (Advance) and PowerPoint.
The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Member (Fully Qualified).
Queen’s University of Belfast, UK (Avg. +60%) Master of Science in Finance.
University of Sunderland, UK (Avg. +60%) Bachelor of Art in Accounting and Business.
Review monthly budget / forecast against the actual performance, and provide a variance analysis against performance targets.
Processing budget/ forecast updates quarterly and estimating budget/ forecast for related projects.
Review month-ended journals entries postings ensure the financial figures are accuracy.
Provide ad-hot project analysis by prepare accurate financial reports to business partners, i.e. business case analysis.
Conducting process improvement, establishing reporting format sample, training junior staff in use of excel and ERP system.
Preparation of monthly financial statements for FMCG and Retail industry.
Preparation of management accounts for International law firm and multinational trading company.
Preparation of financial reports such as budget/forecast analysis, financial performance analysis and KPI analysis.
Liaise with external auditors and tax consultants, other relevant parties.
Monitoring and coaching junior staff ensure their work quality meet the team standard.
John C Stewart & Co. / FHO Business Consultants - United Kingdom.Eligibility to work in Australia: Visa granted with full working rights with no restriction in hours/type.
Coordinated BNP Paribas’ evening event for Eurofinance 2012 (Singapore).
Participated actively in community involvement programs like 30-hour Famine Camp & voluntary work organized by Company.
Good team player and attained leadership skills from projects, camps and school (e.g. was in the prefectorial board, subject and class representative, In-Charge of Welfare & Publicity section in Co-Curricular Activity).
University Of Western Australia, (Crawley Campus, Western Australia),.
Major in Finance (Corporate), Finance (Investment) and Marketing.
13th October 2014 – Present: Assistant Vice President, Client Management (Regional), Global Liquidity & Cash Management- at HSBC Hong Kong.
Dedicated account management (Current Portfolio: International corporates headquartered in Europe mainly).
Maintain and maximize revenue from existing clients by reviewing current strategies & products.
Increase customer wallet share through cross-selling products and delivery of service solutions as well as lead referrals to product partners.
Explore business opportunities and expand the Bank’s market share of Liquidity & Cash management.
Prepare & conduct periodic service reviews/presentations with clients.
Regular meetings & presentations with product partners to review strategies and revenue tracking.
Support the effective and efficient implementation of new services.
Coordinated the development & implementation of project in partnership with product partners to execute liquidity/cash management solution for customers.
2nd April 2012 – 28th Sep 2014: Analyst, Transaction Banking/Client Management- at BNP Paribas Singapore.
Dedicated account management (Portfolio: Shipping & aviation,).
Communication of analytical insights on deposit gathering performance, market intelligence and ensuring day-to day and monthly deliverables are executed – liquidity, interest and sales reports.
Explore business opportunities and expand the Bank’s market share of Cash Management/ Transaction Banking.
26th September 2011 – 25th January 2012: Trustee Operations, RBC Investors & Treasury Services (Project/Contractual).
Reconcile all the Trust accounts and identify discrepancies.
Account opening/termination and setting up of distribution/subscription/foreign accounts with the banks/companies.
Perform fund investment restriction, due diligence, compliance checks on unit trusts under the company’s trusteeship and other accounts.
Evaluate funds’ compliance with all relevant investment restrictions via in-house system and Bloomberg.
Liaise with external auditors/tax agent for account issues.
Worked closely with legal and client services to discuss and resolve KYC/AML issues.
1st July 2010 – 29th July 2011: Client Services at CMC Markets Pte Ltd.
Transaction/client management: investigating issues regarding financial products, corporate actions, margin calls, trades discrepancies concerning FX, equities, commodities CFDs and more.
Educate clients from China, Hong Kong & Singapore on trading platform and products.With the capability of handling full set of accounts, assessing and preparing financial reports, sales analysis reports, cash flow reports, co-ordinate Company’s working capital requirement, bank reconciliations and internal reports to head office, I believe that I am able to pick up the job quickly and reduce the resources for training.
Aside from specializing in accounting, I have well knowledge of International Trade Finance. This has given me an insight to understand various workflows and maintain well coordination between different departments. My good communication skills are further enhanced liaising with external parties such as bankers, auditors and Monetary Authority of Singapore throughout my tenure in my present and past companies.
My experience in the Banking Industry has enhanced my ability to meet tight schedules and has provided me with more knowledge to ensure all procedures and documentations are in compliance to company and regulatory requirement. Furthermore, with the many years of work experience, I have become meticulous in my work and I am fully aware that attentiveness to small details is crucial especially in the accounting field.
With the experience that I possess, I am confident that I am able to add value and become an asset to your dynamic organization in the near future. I have enclosed my resume, which will furnish you with additional information regarding my qualifications and experiences. I hope you will consider my application and allow me to have the chance to have an interview with you.
Preparing monthly and quarterly Offshore Bank reports for Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS).
Monitor daily MAS limits reports to ensure all compliance requirements are met.
Preparing full sets of accounts for 2 offices, Singapore and Malaysia, handling from account receivable, account payable to general ledger. Presenting monthly management financial report and schedules.
Arranging for payments, including foreign exchange remittances, Goods and Services Tax submission, bank reconciliation.
Preparing staff reimbursement for local and overseas claim.
Liaising with tax officers for tax matters and submission of Form C.
Independently handle full sets of account upon take over. Liaison with various departments to obtain approval and process for payments and claim.
Setting up new formula using excel in MAS reporting from manual input data.
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust And Banking Corporation, Senior Officer.
Preparing monthly and quarterly Offshore Bank reports for Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS).
Monitor daily MAS limits reports to ensure all compliance requirements are met.
Reconciling Nostro statement to reflect cash position. Matching and analyzing items to ensure no significant or overdue amounts outstanding.
Handling mainframe accounting system for daily operations and term end closing.
Able to handle work load and mainframe accounting system independently within a short period of time.
Preparing monthly and quarterly Merchant Bank reports for Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Reconciling Nostro statement to reflect cash position. Matching and analyzing items to ensure no significant or overdue amounts outstanding.
Processing company corporate card expenses and related journal entries.
Arranging audit confirmation fee on each client for payment.
Build an cohesive communication line between different departments.
Handling and presenting consolidated financial reports for Holding Company including Singapore and China subsidiary to management and shareholders.
Overseeing project financial progress, closely tracking revenue and expenses, producing project profit and loss report for monthly presentation.
Coordinating financial information between internal departments to ensure information are consolidated and communicated at require stages during build up till completion of projects.
Monitoring and forecasting cash flow, ensuring sufficient working capital available for monthly and future turnovers. Liaising with Banks for interest rates and foreign currencies exchange.
Preparing variances report and assessing material differences.
Supervising overall department’s matters such as daily workflows, monthly expenses, internal reports, Finance’s SOP, ensuring proper records and require regulatory reporting to government are completed in due time.
Preparation of yearend audit schedules, liaising with auditors for audited reports, arranging director’s resolution for submission to authorities.
Liaising with tax officers for tax matters and submission of Form C.
Managing whole operations of finance department well and in order.
Effectively gather information from respective departments and consolidate into summary for management and required personnel.
Stabilizing new accounting system for retrieving, generating monthly, adhoc reports and enhancing department’s SOP.
Toronto Dominion (South East Asia) Limited, Accounting Officer.
Preparing monthly, quarterly and annual reports for head office and regulatory authority such as Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Daily updates on bank reconciliation to reflect cash position. Matching and analyzing reconciliation items to ensure no significant or overdue amounts outstanding.
Monitor daily limits reports to ensure all compliance requirements are met.
Processing company expenses and related journal entries. Ensuring expenses are allocated correctly to various business lines.
Handling projects such as automation of MAS reports and generating Representative Office Policy and Procedures.
Successfully transited MAS reports into fully automated process.
Ensuring all MAS regulations applicable to are fully comply.
Ability to meet tight deadlines for both Government and internal bodies.
Build an cohesive communication line between different departments.
Preparing full sets of accounts for 3 local offices handling from account receivable, account payable to general ledger. Presenting monthly management financial report, sales analysis and debtors schedules.
Arranging for payments, including foreign exchange remittances, petty cash reimbursement, Goods and Services Tax submission, bank reconciliation and keeping close updates on debtor ageing.
Preparing working capital schedules, making arrangements with banks for short term Invoice Financing and reviewing timing of these requirements.
Overlooking full sets of account and internal audit for regional office. Reviewing its financial accounts and ensuring proper documentation. Collect, analyze evidence and review third party documents thru site visits. Check stocks and valuation are in order and accurate.
Supervising closely on logistics matters such as importation and exportation of goods from overseas countries via sea and air shipments. Coordinate work between different locations for allocation of goods.
Arranging letter of credit, trust receipts and shipping guarantees.
Capable in handle international trade terms and meeting logistic schedules.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Accpac Windows, Peoplesoft GL, Autocount, AS400, Sun and Oracle.
Proficient in English, Chinese and Japanese, currently at level JLPT 3.11 years of experience in big 4 audit and managerial role in Asia Pacific Regional Hub.
Experienced in SAP migration and implementation, streamlining of processes, improving efficiency and productivity.
Knowledgeable in areas relating to audit, month end closing, management accounting, budgeting and forecasting, accounts payable, fixed assets, inventories, cost centres and cycles.
Specialise in financial modelling and good reporting excel skills.
Jul 2003 – Jun 2006 :   Bachelor of Accountancy, Nanyang Technology University (NTU).
Jan 2001 – Dec 2002 :    GCE ‘A’ Levels, Jurong Junior College (JJC).
Jan 1997 – Dec 2000 :   GCE ‘O’ Levels, Bukit Batok Secondary School (BBSS).
2010 : Institute Certified Public Accountants of Singapore (Membership no: NP 18558).
2011 : Awarded Certificate of competency with Merit for the Business Analytics & Reporting (BAR).
Act as business partner to the business units and work closely with the respective finance analyst for budgeting and forecasting exercise.
Work closely with financial analyst to prepare annual budget, cashflow forecast and routine reports for the Group.
Supervise and coach a team in execution of their respective roles and function in the GL and AP team.
Responsible and review GST reporting, balance sheet reconciliation, weekly cashflow forecast, etc.
Responsible for financial, statutory reporting and provide analysis for management review.
Handle all audit (internal/external), tax (including GST), treasury and corporate secretarial matters.
Assist Finance Controller to ensure operations are in compliance with Group policies.
Achievements: Leaded the GL team to engage in the company’s growth from a distribution company to a Asia Regional Hub in a short timeframe of 6 months. Successfully lead the team to SAP Project Integra.
(7 Temasek Boulevard, #35-01 Suntec Tower One, Singapore 038987).
Report to Finance Director in local activities with support from shared service center in Kuala Lumpur (KL).
Collaborate with KL shared service center on all finance activities.
Perform reporting, financial analysis and preparation of the financial statements to headquarter in Germany.
Lead annual stocktake with collaboration with supply chain, business units and outsourced warehouse.
Provide financial advice and expertise to Business Units Controllers in Singapore and Hong Kong in a business partnering environment.
Engage in leading finance activities for month end closing, fixed assets, cost center and cycles, preparing GST and inventory management during job rotation.
Achievements: Participated as a member in successfully implementing projects like SAP system upgrades, optimisation projects to streamline processes to improve efficiency and cost savings within Finance and knowledge transfer of finance activities to shared service center.
Company : Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (460 Alexandra Road #18-00 PSA Building).
Assist in the preparation of the Financial statements and year-end Board meeting.
Liaise with the external auditors during the annual year-end audit.
Lead the System Implementation of the Business Planning and Consolidation (BPC) System for the annual budget exercise within a short time frame.
Collaborate with various departments and outsourced consultants on testing and problem solving to ensure successful implementation of the budget system.
Handle end users feedbacks and provide trainings during the launch of the BPC system.
Responsible for financial planning, reporting and budgeting activities; lead to develop and implement the company’s annual operating and capital budgets as well as periodic budget reviews and financial projections.
Prepare and analyse monthly management reports and monitor operating and capital expenditure against budget.
Monitor the cashflow and expenditure for government projects (i.e PPT and Tuas Port).
Achievements: Leaded and successfully implementing the BPC system within the targeted timeframe and problem-solved all issues together with the guidance of the Finance director and SAP consultant.
Company : Ernst & Young (One Raffles Quay #18-01 North Tower S048583).
Portfolio includes clients in the food and beverage industry (Mcdonald Restaurant) and (QAF Limited), law firm (Drew and Napier), manufacturing industry (Stamford Tyres Corporation & Eng Kong Corporation Limited) and MNCs (NSK and Greif Singapore Pte Ltd).
Lead a team to audit and gain exposure in various large and professional firms.
Expose to accounting software (Oracle, SUN, SAP etc) during audit fieldworks.
Company       : BDO Raffles (5 Shenton Way #07-01 UIC Building, S068808).
Assign to the Business Transaction and IPO Service Department as an audit assistant to support the seniors during fieldworks.
Microsoft Excel (high interest and good in automating reports to increase efficiency),.
Microsoft Visual Basic Macro (Automate templates by incorporating Macro),.
Working Relationship: Team leader for SAP project migration.Independent, self-motivated and proactive accounting professional with broad experience in different industries.
Senior accountant, Apr 08-Now, Average salary HK$ 22,425 per month.
Provide accounting advisory services to newly incorporated company.
Liaise with auditors and coordinate with tax and company secretarial colleagues to fulfill the annual statutory requirement.
Prepare monthly payroll and assist in MPF for expatriate and local staff.
Review work from subsidiaries in China and overseas and prepare consolidated reports and schedules.
Prepare cash flow forecasts, account payable and account receivable analysis.
Prepare monthly reports for Hong Kong companies and other subsidiaries in China.
2003-2006 Lingnan University - Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours) Major in Accounting.
06/2015 Hong Kong Institute of Certified Accountant – Graduate of QP and become member in 01/2016.
Language Skills   Proficient in spoken and written English and Mandarin.License  Victorian Driving License (Australia), Hong Kong Driving License.Address: Flat C, Floor 25, Block 25, Laguna City, Kowloon, HK              Phone: (852) 9151-9472.
University of Waterloo - Honours Bachelor of Mathematics and Business Administration             2009 – 2013.
Gulf Island Secondary School - British Columbia Secondary School Diploma                        2007 – 2009.
Capgemini Hong Kong Limited, Financial Controller – Accounts & Payroll                Jul 2016 – Present.
Invoice validation for HK office and communicate with oversea account payable team for payment processing.
Set up regular meetings and phone calls with vendors to ensure our company's account are in line with vendors' record.
Cooperate with oversea payroll team on preparation of company's tax return and advise according to HK tax regulations.
Work with Asia Pacific CFO on various financial matters such as agreement, HK office cash budgeting.
Manage self status report on invoice payment status and reconcile with account payable team's report in weekly basis.
Ernst & Young Tax Services Limited, Staff Tax Accountant              Oct 2013 – Feb 2016.
Preparing HK corporate, personal and US federal, state tax returns on behalf of clients, as well as communicating between government authorities and clients to ensure punctual completion of tax returns.
Examine the policies established by high profile companies with respect to employee benefits and relocation.
Identifying existing and potential tax issues to ensure the client is being taxed correctly.
Operated as a promoter by leading and assisting potential customers in using company’s inventions during public events.
Enhanced public relation skills by developing a Customer Satisfaction Survey, which is used for client data collection and allowed me to contact over 150 clients throughout the process.
Languages: Cantonese (native), English (fluent), Mandarin (adequate).
IT Skills: Microsoft and Open Office (advanced), R-project (beginner), Excel VBA (beginner).
Interests:  Travelling, Badminton and Running (represented Marymount Secondary School).
Lakhbinder Singh – AP Manager, Capgemini India Pvt. Limited                    lakhbinder.singh@capgemini.com.
Christina Li – Executive Director, Human Capital at Ernst & Young Tax Services Limited     (852) 2629 3664.
  Certificate of Accomplishment, Student Leadership Program.
  University of Waterloo Merit Scholarship for 85% entrance average.2012 to 2017 – Qualification Programme of HKICPA. (Completed in Jun 2017).
2005-2007 - LCCI Level 3 of Cost, Management & Financial Accounting.
2012 to 2017 – Qualification Programme of HKICPA. (Completed in Jun 2017).
2005-2007 - LCCI Level 3 of Cost, Management & Financial Accounting.
2009 to 2012 - Bachelor of Accountancy (University of South Australia).
2007 to 2009 – Diploma of Accountancy (Hong Kong Baptist University Campus).
2009 to 2012 - Bachelor of Accountancy (University of South Australia).
2007 to 2009 – Diploma of Accountancy (Hong Kong Baptist University Campus).
$25k basic monthly, Bonus (equal to 2 months’ salary), 11 days annual leave, Medical, Free goods, Birthday gift.
$25k basic monthly, Bonus (equal to 2 months’ salary), 11 days annual leave, Medical, Free goods, Birthday gift.
$25k basic monthly, Bonus (equal to 2 months’ salary), 11 days annual leave, Medical, Free goods, Birthday gift.
Assist in the investment proposals and new store development.
Assist in the investment proposals and new store development.
Assist in the investment proposals and new store development.
Prepare the breakdown of and understand the expenses and incomes.
Supervise 2 Account Clerks & 1 Assistant Accountant. Report to FC.
Assist in the investment proposals and new store development.
Interpret accounting information and results of operations to senior management.
Prepare the breakdown of and understand the expenses and incomes.
Supervise 2 Account Clerks & 1 Assistant Accountant. Report to FC.
Assist in the investment proposals and new store development.
Interpret accounting information and results of operations to senior management.
Prepare the breakdown of and understand the expenses and incomes.
Supervise 2 Account Clerks & 1 Assistant Accountant. Report to FC.
Assist in the investment proposals and new store development.
Interpret accounting information and results of operations to senior management.
Supervise an AR clerk and an AP Clerk and liaise with Cost accountant.
Supervise an AR clerk and an AP Clerk and liaise with Cost accountant.
Supervise an AR clerk and an AP Clerk and liaise with Cost accountant.
Turnover and Net profit analysis by store level (Actual vs Budget).
Maintain Fixed Asset, Bank Reconciliation, Schedule, AR & AP.
Turnover and Net profit analysis by store level (Actual vs Budget).
Maintain Fixed Asset, Bank Reconciliation, Schedule, AR & AP.
Turnover and Net profit analysis by store level (Actual vs Budget).
Maintain Fixed Asset, Bank Reconciliation, Schedule, AR & AP.Achievement-oriented finance professional with 8 years’ experience in financial planning and analysis, management reporting, business partnering, and accounting, across countries in Asia Pacific (including China, Japan, Korea, India, South-East Asia and Pacific).
Prior Big-Four audit experience built up strong foundation in IFRS and internal controls compliance topics.
Strong Excel/PowerPoint skills, excellent multi-tasking and organizational aptitudes, self-motivated, and disciplined.
Ability to analyze and manage cost center budgets, streamline operations, forecast and budget modeling and reporting.
Effective communicator and problem solver, adapt quickly to different software and office systems.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   Festo AG, Region Asia Pacific (based in Singapore).
Analyze financial results for balance sheet and P&L items, and prepare monthly reports for the Regional President.
Develop forecasting tools and dashboards to analyze sales and orders variances, business pipeline and industry trends.
Support the company's Strategic 5-year Business Plan, Annual Budget, as well as Quarterly Forecast planning processes, through development of new planning templates and tools.
Responsible for the controlling of regional cost budget, taking into consideration tax optimization within the Region for regional management fee recharge.
Involve in market specific ad-hoc investigative analysis, such as market SG&A benchmarking, to support decision-making.
Successfully standardized the monthly reporting review deck in Asia Pacific, to have aligned financial and business analytics for management steering.
Integral part of the Regional Project Team to implement new SAP modules for financial consolidation, as well as management and statutory reporting.
Improved forecast accuracy of Sales and Overhead Costs from 80% to 95% through development of forecasting tools and dashboards.
Facilitate to uplift the competency of the cluster FP&A team by conducting workshops to harmonize the planning and analysis of P&L and Balance Sheet items.
Johnson & Johnson, Consumer Division, Region Asia Pacific (based in Singapore) May 2010 – Nov 2012: Regional Senior Finance Analyst.
Manage the financial budgeting process in preparing template, consolidation and reporting.
Work closely with Regional Marketing and Regional Supply Chain team on price and cost efficiencies to evaluate price increase opportunities to mitigate increasing inflation.
Collaborate with the AP Region’s companies to consolidate, analyze and report key financial threats and opportunities to the Finance Management.
Consolidate financial information across the AP Region, focusing on analytics and reporting of Gross Profit and related profit and loss accounts, Headcount, Cost Improvement Projects, Accounts.
Presented to US Corporate during budget updates on Asia Pacific’s financials, together with recommendations on profit recovery to achieve financial targets.
Handled ad-hoc projects such as Japan earthquake and Thailand flooding insurance claims to analyze the financial impacts from such events.
Involve in the design of a standardized consolidation and reporting process, as well as lead the implementation of that process within J&J Asia Pacific Regional.
Lead a team of Accountants based in Manila to ensure timely closure of Regional Office’s books and compliance to J&J Worldwide Procedures.
Built financial models to evaluate pricing and costing of hospital services.
Liaise with various medical departments in project and capital investment valuations.
Review of monthly and quarterly P&L and provide analysis of variances to projection.
Collaborated with the Ministry of Health (MOH) for Subvention and Funding Policies.
Inspected book entries to determine if proper accounting procedures were followed in recording transactions.
Made recommendations to improve the operations and financial position of the entity.
Microsoft Office – Well-versed in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint; Basic knowledge of Microsoft Access.
SAP – Good knowledge of SAP to perform accounting functions such as journal entries, and report generation.
Language Skills – Proficient in English and Chinese (Spoken, Written).
Bachelor in Accountancy: Nanyang Technological University: 2005 – 2008.•Proficient in Hyperion Brio and Hyperion essbase (Financial analytical/reporting tool).
•Proficient in Microsoft applications (Microsoft Excel spreadsheets for analysis work, Microsoft Powerpoint for charts presentation).
Tesco Corporation is an oilfield services company specializing in the design, manufacture and service of technology-based solutions for the upstream energy industry.
- Implemented Microsoft AX Dynamics ERP system for Asia Pacific and go live on target.
- Cleared up 3 years of audit backlog and ensured the smooth transition of new auditors as well as completed 1st year audit with the new accounting firm within plan.
- Manage a team of 4 accounts executives in charge of the full set of accounts within the Asia Pacific region.
- Directed regional accounting and ensured local and international tax compliance for the regional offices.
- Engage in monthly management reviews with the VP and FC, providing gap analysis and financial KPIs analysis.
- Provide business planning support to the country manager; prepare financial budgets and forecasts in line with the business strategy.
- Perform cross-SOX audits with the Indonesian finance team to support internal audit controls.
- Liaise with external auditors in the preparation of audited financial statements.
SingTel Group is Asia's leading communications group providing a wide spectrum of multimedia and infocomms technology (ICT) solutions, including voice, data and video services over fixed and wireless platforms.
- Concluded a S$200M outsourcing contract in Mar 2012 generating 5 years cost savings of S$57M.
- Document new financial and operational process flowcharts for the new outsourced environment.
- Manage a team of 3 accounts executives in shared service environment to provide financial support to the VP of the Network Division.
- Key finance lead of outsourcing project; preparing financial models and liaising with the various stakeholders.
- Oversee month-end closing process, prepare monthly management reports and provide financial analysis to VP and line directors to review financial performance and monitor capital and operating expenses spending.
- Provide business planning support to the line directors in the preparation of the annual budget and quarterly forecasts.
- Provide financial support for various strategic cost saving projects.
The InfoPrint Solutions Company is a global provider of digital printing - and output solutions, hardware, software and services.
- Analyse financial performance in Asia Pacific region; providing analysis to revenue gaps in the sales pipeline and key financial indicators.
- Work with country finance teams to resolve accounting issues and facilitate delivery of regional financial and operational objectives.
- Prepare and review monthly performance slides the CFO and FC.
- Provide business planning support to department heads in the preparation of the annual budget and quarterly forecasts.
- Liaise with external auditors in the preparation of audited financial statements.
- Audited US MNCs and performed audits in compliance with IFRS and US GAAP standards.
- Participated in SOX audit engagement, perform process walkthroughs and reviewing process flowcharts for control risks and challenging mitigating controls in place.
- Lead and complete audit engagements such as BHP Billiton, Chartered Semiconductor Hitachi, SkyQuestCom, Edmund Optics and Komatsu.
- Plan audit engagements and mentor junior audit associates.
Business Warehouse, IBM Cognos, Project Management, SAP Accounting System.Ms. Lucky Saraf (HK Permanent Resident; Age 33 years)   luckysaraf@gmail.com; +852 64752265.
Working with Bupa Global since April 2016 – Supporting Head of Finance and CEO   Prior experience:.
HK - 3.5 years in Accounts / Finance with Morgan Stanley, Boeing and Univan Ship Management.
Mumbai – 3 years (post qualification) in International Tax with Ernst & Young.
Chartered Accountant – All India Rank 44; Cleared CFA Level 2.
Provide analysis and recommendations for key business decisions to Bupa Global Asia Pac (BG APAC) Head of Finance and CEO.
Work with the CEO, Head of Finance and Sales Heads for ongoing development and production of appropriate performance indicators to ensure right business focus.
Contribute to the development of robust forecasting for the business, feed to Bupa Global monthly forecast / annual planning processes.
Analyze financials and prepare slides to inform operational decisions.
Study monthly performance and prepare slides on other business insights (such as operating expenditure movement) for BG APAC Head of Finance and CEO.
Prepare annual operating plan (sales target, operating expenditure target, etc.) for the Asia entity; including setting up an excel model.
Morgan Stanley HK - Return to Work Intern in MB&RE Finance     Sep. ‘15 – Nov. ‘15.
Perform daily/weekly revenue reporting including system upload and market news research for.
Merchant Banking and Real Estate Investments in Asia Pacific.
Handle monthly closing including revenue and expense analysis, prepare expense allocation reports and journal posting.
Help with ad-hoc financial analysis, reporting and presentation for the Business Unit and Firm Management.
Boeing (Asia) Investment Ltd., HK – Financial Specialist       Oct. ‘11 – Dec. ‘12.
Manage filing of payment records electronically; Effect weekly/monthly account closing.
Test and implement accounting software and online banking system; Capture, measure and review performance metrics.
Univan Ship Management Ltd., HK – Finance Executive       Aug. ‘09 - Oct. ‘11.
Manage a team of over ten people, report to CFO. Key functional responsibilities include:.
Fund ship management activities i.e. request funds from ship-owners; ensure timely receipt of funds and effect subsequent supplier payments.
Manage accounting reports and cost variance i.e. ensure timely preparation and issuance of various accounting reports to clients/management/regulators; analyze actual cost variance from budget and implement corrective steps.
Ensure accuracy of field office accounts prepared by field offices’ staff and manage timely funds disbursement to field offices. Univan has its head office in HK, 8 field offices worldwide and number of agents across the globe for smooth operation of vessels.
Liaise with banks to effect crew allotments across the globe; manage cash disbursement to vessel masters at different ports through agents / joining crew to fulfill on board cash requirement; handle accounts finalization with auditors; etc.
5 years of tax advisory and compliance experience in the complex Indian legal and regulatory environment.
Ernst & Young, Mumbai - Senior Consultant, International Tax     Mar. ‘06 - Apr. ‘09.
Responsible for work of over 5 juniors, reported to Manager/ Senior Manager/ Partner.
Diverse industry experience across Pharmaceutical, Telecom, Technology, FMCG and Private Equity.
Clients include Warburg Pincus, Novartis, CA (Computer Associates), Tata Teleservices, UPS Couriers, Colgate Palmolive, etc.
Experience includes global transfer pricing, cross border taxability of multinationals and optimizing group tax costs, investments in Indian projects by foreign companies, foreign exchange remittances / repatriation issues, due diligence, Indian tax and other regulatory compliances.
S. N. Agarwal & Associates - Full-time Articleship        Aug. ‘02 - Aug. ‘05.
Handle routine compliance and advisory matters relating to corporate law and taxation.Duties – perform field works on most of the accounts of the companies such as profit & loss, debtors, creditors, tax, cash etc., explain the fluctuation in the year end balance (analytical review procedures).
December 1999 – November 2002 Cashier/Stacker/Supervisor.
Duties – Dealing with cash transaction, recorded sales by the end of the day. Serve customers who have any inquires. Ordering of goods to replenish stocks. Administrative – update stock written-off, sales.
Received MDIS scholarship in 1999, Edusave awards in 1998 & 1999 and Tan Sri Dr Tan Chin Tuan scholarship for academic year 2000-2002.
Reading storybooks/magazines, singing and playing adventurous games.
Diligent, quiet worker, determine, calm, reponsible, stubborn.
- Manage and ensure timely monthly accounts closure and management reporting.
- Prepare group consolidation and perform analysis of Group’s financials.
- Prepare report for internal management reporting and external reporting.
- Manage year end statutory audit for the Group as well as resolution of audit and accounting issues.
- Establish Group’s accounting policies and accounting treatment for new business or new investment.
- Manage and lead a team of accounting personnel in day-to-day operations of the accounting department.
­- Ensure that the accounting functions are in compliance with statutory reporting requirements and group accounting policies.
­- Analyse revenue and expenditure, and financial position variances.
­- Ensure timely and accurate submissions of financial reports for external reporting requirements e.g. SGX quarterly announcements.
­- Liaise and resolve with external and internal auditors, tax agent, regarding financial and accounting related issues.
­- Review overseas subsidiary accounts for consistency and compliance with Group’s accounting policies.
­- Prepare group consolidation and review reconciliations between subsidiaries to Group figures.
- Plan the entire audit engagement to ensure deadlines are met. Report and financial statements are completed and submitted to partners/managers/clients on time for review. Manage and review the audit assistants’ works.
- Drafting full set of financial statements, i.e. balance sheet, profit & loss account, statement of changes of equity, cash flow statement and notes to the accounts.
- Keeping myself update with the changes in relevant legal legistration, Financial Reporting Standards and apply them in my course of work.
- internal control weaknesses of clients and drafting of management letter in relation to weakness identified.
- Implemented and reviewed controls which have achieved a saving on wages of 3% for Cold Storage and 12% for Shop N Save within 9 months.
- Organized and conducted training for stores mangers on new plans or procedures.
- Contributing best practice ideas weekly to improve productivity of the business.
- Analysing and reporting weekly sales and hours of 79 stores to the management.
- Part of the task team to integrate 35 Shop N Save into Cold Storage.
- Wrote a manual on the additional system enhancement created for the improvement of the process of business.Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Business School (2007–2010).
Full Member, Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Institute of Internal Auditor.
Certified Information System Auditor (CISA) (Passed Exam on Sep’2014, Score 562).
Golden Jubilee Scholarship (Awarded by University of New South Wales).
CPA Australia Scholarship (Awarded by Ernst & Young Singapore).
Lim Tech Lee Gold Medal (Divisional Most Outstanding Graduate).
Senior Auditor, Tetra Laval International S.A (May 2016 – Now).
Prepare, coordinate and execute audit assignments on different locations (Greater China, Europe, South East Asia & Oceanic, Middle East & Africa).
Extraction of data from ERP system (SAP) and perform data analytic. (trend analysis, exceptions identifications, etc).
Industries coverage: Tetra Pak Group (Food packaging and processing), Sidel Group & Delaval Group (Equipment Manufacturing).
Assistant Manager, Internal Audit, City Development Limited (Jan 2013 – Apr 2016).
Handling of China subsidiaries audits and consultancy projects. (e.g: work flow design on “Company Seal Management”, Variation Orders Management Process, “Off-Balance Sheets” accounts identification and monitoring process).
Conduct risk based audit including scoping, establishing audit programs based on critical risks identified via interview, walkthrough and data analytical review.
Review efficiency and effectiveness of operational process, and identify control deficiencies and root causes.
Consultancy project on IT system development and participate in User Acceptance Test(UAT) (e.g: “3-way matching” implementation (SAP), eClaim project, vendors management system).
Design and development of Excel VBA/Macro applications for IA Department usage.
Conducted departmental training on MS Excel Functions and Business Mandarin.
Preparation of audit reports for audit committee review and follow up.
Senior Audit Associate, Ernst & Young LLP, Assurance & Business Advisory Department (Sep 2010 – Jan 2013).
Prepare and execute financial audits in China IPO project and China annual audit engagements: Sanfu Ship Engineering Co,. Ltd.(IPO, SGX); YCH Logistic (Kunshan) Pte Ltd; Amekai Meter (Xiamen) Co,. Lt; Hongda Ship Building Co,. Ltd (Subsi of SGX listed entity).
Review of audit adjustments for reporting on China GAAPs and FRS. Review of group consolidation adjustment entries.
In charge of annual audits for companies: Texas Instruments Inc (TI), Kemet Electronic Marketing (S) Pte Ltd. (US MNC, SOX Compliance); Fuji Xerox Singapore Pte Ltd, International Engine Components Overhaul Pte Ltd (joint venture of SIA and Rolls Royce). Santak Holding Ltd, Jurong Egnieering Ltd, HSR Global Ltd.
Internal Auditor, ASL Marine Ltd (2010 May-Jul) (Internship).
Perform analytical review for compliance of corporate governance.
Assess on net recoverable value for plant, machinery and vessels under retinal agreements. Identify impairment issues if applicable.
Assist on presentation of risk tolerance table for internal audit committee meeting.
Accountant, Sime Darby Properties Singapore Ltd (2009 May-July) (Internship).
Processing of daily duties of AP, AR, GL. Monthly Reconciliation Reports.
Assist in preparation of year end accounts and group reporting packages.
MS Excel (Good at Excel built-in financial analysis functions & VBA development, capable to develop VB programming to handle data analysis, filtering and query).
SAP (Undergone SAP Audit Training Course Provided by ISACA Singapore, Familiar with common SAP modules and functions eg.: SE16 Data browser to extract and quantify data trends).
Member of 4th Executive Committee, Teochew Student Association (Under Singapore Teochew Poit Ip Huay Kuan).
Main Committee Member for Ngee Ann International Student Club, 2005-2006.
Badminton, regularly play 2 – 3 hours every Saturday afternoon.Experienced Finance Professional specializing in Financial Planning and Analysis with a consistent and measurable record of creating organizational enhancements. Demonstrated expertise in developing innovative process improvements that positively affects profitability.
Post Graduate MBA degree holder in Finance and Marketing. Certified as Advanced Diploma in Accounting and Business from ISCA. Completed the Fundamental level of ACCA qualification degree course. Currently pursuing the professional level of the ACCA Qualification to become a Chartered Certified Accountant in Singapore.
Core Skills and Competencies: Financial Consultancy, Strategic Planning, Market Plan execution, Budget Management, Cash Flow Management, Audit & Compliance, Accounts Payable and Receivables; Risk profiling, Financial Reporting, Relationship Management and Client Portfolio Supervision.
Spearheaded the preparation of the monthly financial forecast – sales, revenue, expense, working capital, and cash. Delivered accurately and timely the entire set of Financial and Management Reporting documents.
Managed and serviced credit lines of $50 million. Implemented Internal Control procedures leading to reduction of overdraft interest expense consistently on a month on month basis for over 2 years. Mobilized additional bank facilities of $2 Million.
Identified revenue leakages in payments, devised methods to counter this loss, thus improved the collections amount from exports by $0.5 million annually. Through efficient monitoring of Accounts Payables reduced interest expense by around 1%annually.
Significantly reduced budget variances by 10 % through collaborative development of more accurate budget allocations. Provided strategic recommendations to senior management based on financial analysis and projections, cost identification and allocation as well as revenue and expense analysis.
Played key role in the Internal Audit of the firm. Designed and streamlined Internal Processes and Control to achieve better productivity and Efficiency. Liaised with the external auditors for timely completion of Annual Audit and handled the compliance of legal and statutory regulations.
Identified and mitigated business and operational risks with accountability for fixed asset management.
As a Preferred Relationship Manager, Managed a book size of INR 200 Million and foreign exchange revenue generation INR 18 Million.
Achieved consistent business performance and ranked among top 15 managers across India. Revived an existing low transacting relationship through excellent client servicing; thereby resulting in meeting the incremental fixed deposit value target for the branch for the quarter through this particular account.
As a Branch Operations Manager achieved Outstanding Operational Audit and Compliance rating by external Auditors and acknowledgement from the managing director towards this accomplishment.
The Branch ranked at 5th position in Service Quality evaluation amongst Pan India Branches in F.Y 2009-10.
Exhibited strong KYC, AML processes, Regulatory Guidelines adherence & Credit Evaluation which resulted in rejection of forms with the processing Centre at less than 2% consistently.
Successfully launched CRM Implementation & 5S quality initiatives at branch level.
Successfully delivered several resolved cases back to clients in a short span of time. Received certificate of appreciation from Project Manager for efficient execution of new and difficult tasks within allotted timelines.
In the Month of September’2012; delivered maximum number of incidents with Zero defects and was awarded the Shining Star of the Month award.
Amrose Singapore Pte Ltd (Formerly known as MGA International Pte Ltd) is a registered company in Singapore with turnover of above USD200 Million P.A and holds GTP status. Primary functions are Import & Export of Timber Round Logs and general trading of other commodities.
Responsible for full spectrum of accounting operations for vessels, financial reporting, variance analysis, cash management along with Budgeting and monthly closing process.
Processing of Accounts Receivables’ & Payables, voyage costing for vessels including inventory accounting, also responsible for corporate Tax Filing and Annual Audit.
Fiserv Global Services is the largest provider of Information Management, Integrated Technology and Services    solutions to the Financial Services Industry worldwide.
Profile: Functional Consultant / Senior Business Analyst: EMEA Client Support.
As Functional consultant: Worked closely with the technical team to ensure that the product developed matches with the product development specification provided.
HDFC Bank Ltd. is an Indian banking & financial services company and is also the first largest private bank by market capitalization in India.
Profile: Senior Relationship Manager - Consumer Banking (Feb2010-Dec2011).
As a Preferred Relationship Manager: Managed a book size of INR 200 Million and foreign exchange revenue generation INR 18 Million.
Profile: Branch Operations Manager - Consumer Banking (Feb2008-Jan2010).
Monitored smooth functioning of Branch Operations & regularly observed the processes being followed to keep the Branch ‘Audit Compliant’.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd (previously known as Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd.) is a leading private bank in India having business cooperation arrangement with CIMB Group Sdn Bhd, Malaysia.
Reported to the Operations Manager. Operated different counters like Teller counter for customer queries / complaints and back office operations (Remittances/Fund Transfers/Tax collection, Salary processing.
Pursuing ACCA Qualification degree course from Singapore. Successfully completed the Skills and Fundamental level.
Certified in Advanced Diploma in Accounting and Business from ISCA.
Master Of Business Administration [ MBA ] in Finance & Marketing (2005) from Amity Business School, Noida – India.
B.Com (Honors) in 2003 from S.R.C.C  Delhi University, Delhi (India).Application for the position of Accountant / Financial Analyst.
Bachelor (Hons) in Accountancy and Finance , Second Class Lower Honors.
Back in Boardroom, I have almost 5 years in handling full set accounts and payroll, involved with services provider line to clients, liaise with the government body. Other than that I did analysis clients’ financial statements as well.
I have given an opportunity to change my carrier direction from Accounts Executive to Financial Analyst in Advanced Micro Devices. Unfortunately, the position has been consolidated and eliminated from Singapore due to restructuring exercise. However I have gained experienced in financial analyst skills during this 8 month. After AMD, I could not get a permanent role and was joined contract roles in Baxalta Bioscience and Dimension Data as Financial Analyst due to economic down.
Reason for leaving: Due to long distance working place and seeking for a more conducive working environment in the well-established company and the better prospect can stay for long term. When I see this advertisement, I am attracted to the learning opportunity and moving into other areas of the accounting, doing something different from what I have done for the past years. Hope I will be given a chance to be the interview.
I am a flexible and capable person who can communicate well at all levels as long as I want my job get well done to meet the deadline. My qualities are the dedicated, hardworking, responsible and sociable person with the strong attitude to learning and excel.
When work as a team, I will be the good follower and take an initiative and aggressive to get a job done with efficiency.
To use my skill and knowledge, to the best of my ability in Accounting/Auditing or Finance field that is challenging and allows me to be creative.
Jan 1993 - Dec 1998  : Sekolah Menengah Chong Hwa, Kluang, Johor.
UEC (equivalent to A level), and SPM equivalent to GCE ‘O’ Level.
Preparation of monthly financials – Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss Statement.
Process of claims, invoices and handling bank reconciliation.
Liaise with operations for data points to apply for invoicing.
Filing for regulatory reports including quarterly and annual filings.
Filing of risk-based capital ratio reports for the regulators, MASNET report.
Seek for the career progression and exposure in management reporting and analyst.
Be business partner to Professional Services Business Unit (BU) including providing financial support.
Work with respective business partner to forecast revenue and profit for the respective BU.
Responsible for timely project tracking, revenue and margin analysis.
Responsible for month end closing process, reporting and analysis, including SAP Revenue and Costing Modules.
This position is responsible for the financial planning, analysis and reporting of project spending.
Provide financial support to the project management team from the initiation (i.e. capital project approval) to the final stage (contract financial close-out) including support for change order management and achievement of project milestones.
Responsible for the management of the site’s Fixed Assets (i.e. asset tagging and counting, setting up depreciation rules, balance sheet reconciliation).
Prepare and analyze project cost reports (both capital and operating expenses) on a timely basis.
Prepare monthly closing, journal entry, analyze CAPEX, OPEX with commentary compare forecast and budget.
Assist in preparation quarterly forecast, budget, meet with up stakeholder planning CAPEX spending in the division.
Preparation monthly, quarterly management report for global submission.
The position has been consolidated and eliminated from Singapore due to restructuring exercise.
Handle 3 companies’ full set accounts, included AR, AP, and GL.
Interco revaluation and reconcile balance, including all non-trade intercompany.
Maintain accounting records, schedules and month audit schedules.
Prepare monthly provision such as audit fee, income tax, depreciation etc.
Seeking for the well-established company, exposure in MNC environment.
Preparation various portfolio of clients’ full set of accounts including bookkeeping up to monthly closing of accounts in varied industries, e.g. branch office, investment, trading companies.
Perform bank reconciliations and other reconciliation reports for client’s trust account.
Preparation accurate and timely financial and management reports.
Preparation monthly accounts working schedule for taxation and audit purpose.
Preparation various portfolio of clients’ payroll monthly report, issue cheque and payment.
Able to deal with client, auditors’ queries and meet related job requirement.
Able to work in a team environment and possess good interpersonal skills.
Seek for fresh challenges and exposure in commercial firm and career advancement.
Prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with Malaysian Accounting Standards.
This is the first job I joined this company as an audit assistant in Malaysia. I left the company due to carry on my further study on professional exam CIMA, however I have not finished the exam and not intend to continue the CIMA exam. After exam, I went back to hometown to assist my father’s sundry shop.
Familiar with Accounting Software such as UBS, Microsoft Dynamics, ACCPAC, Payroll Software such as Easy Pay Enterprise and ReadPay and other software such as MS Office (Excel-Pivot Table/V-lookup/Sum IF), Windows XP, SAP Business One and SAP in Advanced Micro Devices (S) Pte Ltd and Dimension Data, JD Edwards, Cognos, Insight in Baxalta Bioscience Manufacturing.
I was the school prefect’s treasurer during my secondary studies. I learnt how to act as the role of treasurer and liaise between the school perfect leader and the secondary school discipline teacher.Review and complete analysis of daily risk-based PnL and net interest income including commentaries, explanation of Actual vs. Flash P&L variances, P&L attribution.
The products covered include Money Market instruments, FX and Interest Rate Derivatives and Fixed Income.  Complete reconciliation between front office systems and sub-ledger as well as the firm’s general ledger.
Participate in the month end closing process, including comprehensive PnL review, reconciliation of daily P&Ls back to the GL and posting of journal entries.
Produce monthly MIS reporting and ad-hoc reporting requested by Business and other finance groups.
Ensure a smooth and rigorous process to support the new products, with necessary controls in place.
Actively liaise with support partners such as Trading desk, Finance, Operations, Technology and Compliance.
Maintain documentary control processes to provide assurance that all policies and procedures are being adhered to.
Drive P&L production re-engineering and controls enhancements.
Manage projects supporting geographical expansion, global strategic migration and other ad-hoc projects.
Jul 2015 – Aug 2016 Equities Product Controller, Standard Chartered Bank.
Monitor and validate daily analysis of Equity Derivatives’ P&L to Trading desks and management, products include equities, futures, warrants, vanilla options, exotic option, equity swaps, structured notes, accumulator.
Provide daily commentary about the performance based on P&L attribution parameters(Greeks).
Ensure accuracy of the trade booking and the support of the lifecycle of events on the products as well as the verification of structured/exotic product set up.
Perform proper month end closing process and monitoring the balance sheets to explain any fluctuations and variations.
Organize a monthly meeting with traders to go through all P&L issues during the previous month.
Perform various control reconciliation on critical elements including positions reconciliation, off-market rate check and work closely with the valuation control team for Independent price verification or price testing adjustment.
Contribute to New Business initiatives including active participation to on-board a new product & defining MO work flow, analysis/advice around booking strategies & operational procedures  Participate to global projects related to MO or P&L processes improvements.
Liaise closely with Technology, Operation and Finance to solve system constraints and all downstream issues.
Review and sign off on Net Asset Value calculations of hedge fund/ fund of funds/private equity in compliance with all controls in validated and approved status on exception based system (EMS).
Monitor cash, stock positions and overall liquidity of the fund and perform reconciliations on daily basis.
Resolve settlement issues, trade discrepancies and processing questions with clients, fund managers, prime brokers and internal processing team.
Monitor and advise fund manager on upcoming corporate action events and collateral movements.
Ensure accuracy of ledger in processing fund subscription and redemption orders.
Work closely with the internal regulatory & compliance teams to ensure full procedural compliance.
Work on projects to enhance operational efficiencies through re-engineering; workflow automation, oversight functions, periodic procedure reviews and risk control documentation.
Provide technical knowledge and support to resolution of operational issues in accounting, reporting, audit and clients relationships.
Prepare Net Asset Value calculations, interim and year-end financial statements under US GAPP or IFRS as well as performing more complex fund accounting functions that related to Hedge fund and Private Equity fund.
Perform accurate and prompt processing of transactions, prime broker statement reconciliation alongside with the corporate action booking and short position processing, day-to-day funding activities and liquidity management.
Coordinate with the risk departments to ensure appropriate documentation, limits and risk mitigates to protect against a counterparty default and minimize potential losses.
Review SPV financial statements and the working documents for private equity valuation  Perform Capital Gain Tax and Withholding Tax assessment for China A-shares.
Handle daily client inquiries independently and collaborate closely with team members across the network globally to provide assistance for audit purposes.
Perform client trend and profiling analysis based upon current client static data for best practice design and process implementation.
Geneva, VBA Macro, Bloomberg, Reuters, Citrix based system.
Treasury Product Controller, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.Seeking for a career for enhancement in experience on Accounting and finance.
Checking daily invoices that were generated to ensure it reflected and posted correctly in the system that was done by the front office of the hotel.
Audit daily revenue income that had been received to ensure relevant revenue are correctly and completely recognized and recorded in General Leger System.
Follow up on debtors’ payments and manage delinquent account.
Maintain and creation of new credit applications and update Data for all accounts.
Follow up with Sales & reservation department for rates change if there are any.
Organize credit meeting twice in monthly with General Manager, Finance Manger and relevant heads of Departments to review and have discussion for ageing Balance and potential bad debts account.
Weekly and Monthly reconciliations of bank statements and Credit card reconciliation.
Prepare reminder letters, follow up of late payments and Security Deposits.
Weekly and Monthly reconciliations of bank statements and ageing reports for 3rd party.
Process day-to-day operations in Accounts payables and billings.
Work with Accountants to ensure timely funding for payments.
Monthly reconciliations o accounts including inter-companies and 3rd parties.
To assist in preparation of Disbursement account (DA) by charging coding expenses, filing and raising debit notes to principal.
To perform reconciliation of DA summary against accounting system and internal control system.
To assist in preparation of purchase requisition and purchase order behalf of engineer and filing.
Research and evaluate suppliers based on price,quality,selection, reliability and supplier’s reputation and history.
Purchase higher quality merchandise at lowest price and in correct amounts.
Prepare and documents for taxes and filing, petty cash and invoices for account payables.
To input accounting data into the accounting system with speed and accuracy.
Preparing petty cash vouchers, cheques, invoices for account receivables and payables.
Accpac Accounting Software, IBOX, MRI, MYOB Accounting Software, Opera, Sap, TMS.Name: Connie (Sin Yu) Phillips   Email: kamconnie@hotmail.com  Phone: +852 6745 3644.
I am an aspiring CFO and looking to consolidate my management experience within the finance function in Asset Management.  I pride myself with a can-do attitude and always looking to make a positive difference.
BFAM Partners is a multi-strategy hedge fund with AUM of around $2.3bn, it allocates capital dynamically amongst three core investment strategies: Equity-Linked trading strategies including convertible bonds; Volatility trading strategies focused on regional Equity and FX markets; and Credit trading strategies.
Since I joined BFAM Partners in August 2016 and reporting directly to the COO, I brought the Cayman, Hong Kong and Consolidated management accounts, which were outsourced to an accountancy firm back in house, the responsibilities included selecting an accounting software, setting up all the necessary controls and processes, writing up the Finance Manual.  The process has helped to speed up the reporting timeline and to improve the accuracy of the accounts.
In addition to producing the monthly management accounts for the corporate entities, I am responsible for all the day to day running of the accounts including bookkeeping, making payments to third parties including the payroll firm.  I also carry out Corporate Treasury function managing liquidity between the entities.
Further, I have set up a model to examine our tax position potentially restructuring Transfer Pricing model as the business grows.
Aside from the Corporate entities, my responsibilities for the Cayman based investment fund are as below:.
As part of the routine NAV production cycle, I work closely with the Middle Office team and the Administrator in Mumbai to ensure the P&L is correct, and ensure capital movements and expenses are accounted for correctly and that the allocation between the investors are correct.  I am responsible for issuing estimated performance to investors on a weekly basis.
Ensuring compliance and tax filings are completed such as K1s for the US investors and FAR for CIMA.
As the Finance Officer, I attend board calls from Cayman and answer directors’ queries.  Attend investors due diligence meetings to represent Finance.
As for the annual Audit on both Corporate and the Fund, I am very much involved reviewing the statutory accounts under IFRS, liaising with the Auditors and Administrators to get the accounts audited and signed off.
My role as a Fund Controller at Cantab Capital is a varied one covering many aspects of financial control and reporting functions for the Cayman funds, the Managed accounts and the Partnership account.
Prior to maternity leave, I led the finance team which involved training up new employees, setting and reviewing their work, defining the finance function and pushing forward the finance projects.
As I have become more experienced within the firm, I devoted most of my time improving various in-house built systems which are widely used by the Operations and the Finance teams.  As Cantab is a systematic trading platform and trades large volume on Forwards, Futures and Equities on a daily basis, it is essential to maximise output of the systems by way of automating the work flow.
Equities Corporate Actions - Implementing alerts and reconciliation system for over 2,000 cash equities and CFDs between two Prime Brokers;.
Cash Reconciliation system – Continual improvement on cash flow for futures commissions, realised cash from trading, margin calls, interest, financing costs and Corporation Actions;.
NAV Database system – System migration from Excel to the Database and enhance reporting for Investor.
Relations;  Automation of Forwards hedging calculation and execution from the Database;.
Maintaining relationship with Data Provider – Thomson Reuters, ongoing monitoring and negotiation of cost   Oversee the administration of the UCITS fund.
I am currently leading a project to switch AIFMD Depositary provider.
The key responsibilities for the Cayman funds and Managed accounts are:.
Review and approve monthly NAVs prepared by Administrator by performing reconciliation of P&L to internal accounting system.  This includes review of fund expenses, perform FX hedge trades, calculate  management fees and calculate performance fees using equalization and series accounting.
Review the year end statutory accounts under IFRS and liaise with auditors.
Assist with Tax queries and liaise with external Tax advisors for German Tax Reporting, UK Reporting Funds, K1s and PFICs.
Issuance of Transparency Report, weekly and monthly fund NAVs estimates.
Monitor investments dealings and outstanding AML, provide support to investor relations for investors queries on fees and performance.
Prepare regulatory filings including BlueSky, CPO-PQR, Annex IV.
I worked for Barclays Capital for 1 year and 4 months.  My focus for the first six months was to test an in-house developed accounting system, called MOTIF, which the derivatives business went live in Sep 2010.  I lead the migration effort from the financial controller prospective during Go Live phase in Sep 2010.  My role had developed to reporting the live business from MOTIF alongside with testing for continuing development.
Management of audit team (tasks allocation and review work of junior staff).
Preparation of reporting documents (reporting to audit committee and group auditors).
Languages English and Cantonese – Bilingual; Mandarin – Intermediate; Spanish – Basic.
IT Advance use of Microsoft Excel and basic use of Microsoft Access (creating table and simple queries).
BFAM Partners (Hong Kong) Limited, Hong Kong Finance Officer.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Cambridge, UK Assistant Manager, Audit & Assurance.E: cheahzhaoyan@hotmail.com • M: +65 8511 5182 • H: #08-2644, Singapore 560428.
Strong communication skills, problem identification and solution skills and strong professional skepticism are the common words used to describe me by my superior. I have 9+ years of audit experiences, and my proven track records comprised of statutory auditing, operational auditing, compliance auditing, US SOX, grant audit, as well as auditing of information systems. My creativity and passion in thinking on how people could beat the system have consistently enabled me to identify potential internal controls weaknesses and recommended solutions to mitigate the risk.
My personality is best described as one who is highly reliable, pursues continual improvements, minimum downtime, and ever-ready to coach and transfer my knowledge to my peers and subordinates for succession planning. As I always try to exceed the expectations of others, I tend to put in more effort and generally am able to perform above average.
I’m currently seeking for a role as regional internal audit manager in a sizeable MNC with regional exposure opportunity, in order to add value to my career profile. I’m also looking for an opportunity to further strengthen my team management skill. My career objective is to advance progressively to become head of IA in the next 5 years or venture into business operations should opportunity arise.
Pitched, won and managed the internal audit outsourcing work for one of the 3 telcos in Singapore.
Managed pre-IPO internal controls review projects and provided practical recommendation to client for preparation of the IPO.
1) Took over the role of Finance Manager within 1 month of joining and managed 1 SGX quarter reporting and GST reporting.
Industry  :  Specialty Cement / Ready-Mix Concrete / Specialty Polymer.
Highlighted non-compliance with Malaysia’s Custom Act and stopped such practice.
Based on analytical review, revealed that raw materials consumptions were not in accordance with the approved recipe mix. Subsequent compliance with approved recipe mix saves the company S$150,000 per annum. Recommended internal controls for future monitoring.
Performed in-house audit (in the past, IA function is outsourced) and saved the company S$10,000 per audit assignment.
Highlighted significant raw materials (steel bar) wastages. Wastages were all sold as scrap metal.
Implementation of tight monitoring since audit recommendation saved the company S$150,000 p.a.
Recommended improvement through automation and linkage of various operation systems as follows: a) Weighbridge system and accounting system.
The management has partly implemented the recommendation and seen significant reduction of data entry and human error.
3) Based on data analysis, highlighted Engineer tweaking of production data to cover up inefficiencies of production silo due to lack of maintenance. Subsequent to maintenance, production resume to normal. 4) Access rights review highlighted control weaknesses in access rights granted in Axapta ERP system, allowing the storekeeper to pass stock journal entries without proper approval and conceal the pilferage of stock.
Reviewed and revamped the process of lube oil production recording, and rectified the problems of monthly unexplainable stock variance of S$100,00.
Reviewed new IT system, Axapta 4.0 implementation and highlighted errors in ledger mapping, which resulted in distorted financial statements.
Implemented Job Cost Management report for a 5 years old manufacturing subsidiary and successfully identified areas of cost overrun for cost reduction exercise.
Revamped the cost coding for 5,000 stocks item and ease the effort for cost analysis.
Industry  :  Property Development / Construction / Commercial Tower Management /.
Residential Property Management / Commercial Retail Unit Management / Hotel Management / Food & Beverage.
Team leader of 5 stars hotel audit in-charge of planning of audit, arranging for logistic, reviewing audit work papers, holding exit meeting, issuance of audit report, and follow-up on management action.
Member of audit team auditing all core HQ corporate function such as Finance, IT, Corporate Secretarial, Central Purchasing, and member of audit team auditing all property management function, mainly review of contracts compliance and efficiency of manpower utilization.
Recovered RM231,000 for company via uncovering under-declaration of tenant sales.
Studying of car park rate calculation and found bugs in programming generating extra revenue of RM50,000 per annum for the company.
Studying of legal requirement and highlighted unrecorded liabilities of RM200,000 per annum and potential breach for non-compliance.
Conducted purchasing audit across the group and recommended sourcing of supplier on group basis for common goods and services such as stationeries, housekeeping services, building services, security services etc. Savings for common goods identified for 1 year amounting to RM590k.
Highlighted unrealized losses amounting to RM60 millions derived from trading of CPO futures, and recommended disclosure procedures to comply with FRS.
Completed statutory audit of a sizeable manufacturing and transportation listed company with 2 seniors, earning the firm RM200,000 audit fees.
Completed statutory audit of 2 small private limited company alone.
Year 2016 – Certification in Risk Management Assurance (CRMA).
Year 2009 – Chartered Financial Institute Level II (CFA Level II).
Year 2008 – Chartered Financial Institute Level I (CFA Level I).
Year 2007 – Association of Chartered Certified Accountant (ACCA).
Jun 2006 – ACCA Malaysia Prize Winner - P2.2 Corporate Business & Law.
Jun 2006 – ACCA Malaysia Prize Winner - P2.3 Business Taxation.
Dec 2005 – ACCA-CAT World Prize Winner - T6 Drafting Financial Statements.
Dec 2005 – ACCA-CAT World Prize Winner - T7 Planning, Control & Performance Management.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Risk Services Pte Ltd (Singapore).A rewarding career that offers exciting opportunity for personal development and professional growth.
Prepares monthly financial performance reports and monthly operating reviews for Regional/LOB financials.
Reviews and analyzes monthly actual vs. budget / forecasted results and variances and provide analytical support to facilitate understanding the financial results of their businesses.
Identifies and develops solutions to improve business processes and reporting.
Ensures LOB consistency in reporting with global standards.
Manages the Annual Operating Plan process for the Region/LOB.
Coordinates LOB process to ensure meeting Corporate timelines and be the point of contact for Corporate FP&A.
Manages the monthly forecast process within the Region/LOB and provide input to the senior finance team members for monthly and quarterly new business, revenue and expense forecast.
Closely monitor and report SG&A expense trends versus targets and identify areas of cost reductions.
Makes recommendations to improve efficiency and profitability.
Identifies and addresses potential financial reporting issues or concerns.
Prepares KPI reporting for the Business Unit and Markets Leaders.
Builds relationships with Operations and Financials resources, encouraging collaboration while driving to meet key deadlines using established processes/controls.
Report directly to Deputy Head of FP&A. Responsible for reviewing & preparing monthly financial and business performance reports.
To analyze the financial performance of APAC regions (month on month variances; quarter on quarter variances; year on year variances; budget vs actual).
Liaise with Corporate & Business Finance & other departments within the organization to resolve any issues/disputes.
Liaise with Country Directors/Business Finance on annual budget/forecast and quarterly submission.
Perform month end closing & prepare financial and management report.
Report directly to Senior Accounting Manager. Responsible for maintaining and ensuring timely and accurate reporting and submission of financial statements that meet statutory and management requirements.
Review work processes and procedures to enhance internal control and ensure its compliance with the management and shareholder agreements.
Handle statutory audit including preparation of audit schedules & preparation of MAS Returns.
Liaise with external auditors for interim/year end audits.
Oversight of month end closing as well as daily finance and accounting operations covering general accounting, payment and receipting functions including processing approval of payments, preparation and/or approval of journals and reconciliations and reporting/update of head office Finance.
Report directly to Head of Financial Controls and Reporting. Responsible for direct communication with internal and external stakeholders in daily, monthly and ad-hoc issues.
Perform management reporting and control process of the Bank. Primary responsibilities include month end closing process and ensuring compliance with the bank's accounting and control policies.
Contribute to the month end closing process which involves the raising of journal entries and preparation of P&L commentary and relevant schedules.
Plan, coordinate and execute timely & accurate production of Group Reporting and other financial reports. Liaise with internal and external audit teams with regards to internal control checks and statutory reports (RBS Singapore, Head Office and other entities).
Prepare quarterly GST submission for Consumer Banking entities.
Responsible for several individual assignments, as well as oversee and supervise fellow and junior associates in execution of team-based audit exercises within allocated clientele portfolio.
Perform statutory audit for clients across diverse industries eg. Asset Management, Reinsurance and Manufacturing sectors.
Involved in the planning phase of audit such as understanding the business environments and inherent risks of clients.
Identify internal controls in place and assess adequacy of implementation.
Recommend good accounting practices and enhancements in internal controls to the entities audited through management letters.
Draft statutory financial statements, ensuring compliance with accounting standards and statutory requirements.
Perform detailed analytical review procedures and substantive testing on internal controls.
Diploma (Certificate of Merit) in Building & Real Estate            Management.
Good interaction and interpersonal skills (Job requirement).
Enjoy reading books and updating myself on the financial industry.
External training courses such as “Effective Business Writing” and courses on negotiation skills have further enhanced my writing and communication skills.
Microsoft Office (SAP Accounting Software, MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint).
Hyperion Enterprise Accounting Software, Oracle/People Soft system, Cognos and TM1).Summary A highly motivated and results driven finance manager who has over eight years of invaluable experience in leading and developing a successful finance team. Skilled in numerous financial and accounting fields, including: preparing annual budgets, monitoring key accounts and credit control. Having the ability to handle complex assignments effectively & possessing the confidence to work as part of a team or independently.
Cash Flow Control Predicting future trends Attention to detail.
Management accounts Supervisory skills Communication skills.
Budget preparation Financial Regulations Good IT knowledge.
Financial forecasting Decision making Presentation skills.
Interpreting financial data Effective delegation Analytical mind.
As a Financial Controller mentored a team of 4 to take over preparation of statutory audit schedules from offshore accounting team.
Completed the initiative to offshore accounting of AP, Expenses and generation of Statutory Reports to India that achieved SGD100K in savings for the organization.
Managed the initiative to migrate Oracle Financial Software Services APAC from Oracle PeopleSoft system to Oracle Fusion applications.
Redesigned the process of analysing financial statements for monthly management reporting to provide better insight into variances and trends.
Completed the novation of all contracts, bank accounts and statutory registrations across the APAC region following merger of iFlex Solutions Pte Ltd. with Oracle Corporation.
Responsible for successfully completing reconciliation and submission of revised corporate tax assessment for ten previous years in order to resolve all outstanding IRAS queries allowing the organization to save USD 100K in potential penalties.
Overhauled the entire process of accounting for and reconciliation of inter-company balances between my company and the parent organization, speeding up process of inter-company payments and eliminating outstanding inter-company amounts on the Balance Sheet.
Defined the process for computation, payment and accounting of Japan monthly WHT by co-ordinating with Tax / GCO and IGAAP Revenue teams.
Manage APAC Financial Controllers team of 4 whose prime responsibility is monthly /quarterly USGAAP and Statutory reporting as per IFRS.
Prepare and submit the group’s monthly financial results of the APAC region, budget and quarterly rolling forecasts and complete the reporting requirements to the parent company.
Perform, co-ordinate and supervise  detailed account analysis and corporate month-end processing and reporting for APAC region.
Coordinate the preparation of quarterly/year-end statutory accounts.
Involved in preparation of the monthly/quarterly GST/VAT return and annual company tax return for APAC region.
Supervise and co-ordinate the quarterly and annual statutory audits (internal and external) and tax audits conducted by tax authorities in the region.
Establish and maintain relations with banks and liaise with them for day to day operations, opening of bank accounts, issuance of bankers guarantees and quarterly/yearly audit confirmation.
Liaise with corporate office, regional branches, tax consultants, company secretary, lawyer, and local brokers for company insurance policies.
Ensure timely conduct of Board Meetings and submit quarterly financial results, Board Resolutions for approval.
Accounting of AR/AP, Provisioning of Expenses, Import Payments, Bank Charges and Bank Reconciliation Statements.
Preparation of Monthly and Yearly Management Reports – covering Company financials, Inventory, AR/AP balances and Bank Reconciliations.
Participate in Daily Funds Position meeting to monitor import payments and export bills discounting and take necessary action.
Being one of the authorised signatory was responsible to sign cheques and authorise payments for the company.
Responsible for statutory audit of various companies as per requirements of Singapore GAAP.
Responsible for statutory audit of various companies as per requirements of Indian/US GAAP during article ship of Chartered Accountancy course.Address:                  Flat 30, 12/F., Man Fai Building, Ferry Point, Jordan, Kowloon, HK.
Full membership of Certified Practising Accountant Australia (C.P.A.) Australia with Bachelor Degree in Business (Accountancy).
Good knowledge of MS Excel, both of written and spoken English & Chinese.
Company Description  Eastrend Services Limited is an outsourced business consultancy firm.
Position     Accounting Officer to Senior Accounting Officer (Finance department of        ESL).
Assisted in preparing financial statements , analytical report and schedule analysis for month-end closing.
Monitor the daily cash position and ensured sufficient funds to meet disbursements, updated and filed transfer records properly.
Maintain full set of accounts, prepared cashflow forecast projections, foreign currency requirement budget reports.
Assisted project director in performing billing invoices, invoice verification and reconciliation.
Managed tax filing, prepared tax computation and answered questionnaire from IRD.
Improved recording system (Included filing system and reminded responisble party to open invoices billed to customers).
Enhanced system for time cost saving and make presentation of financial statements more clearer and accruate.
Company Description  Tricor Services Limited is a global outsourced accounting firm.
Perform Inter-company accounts reconciliation & assisting forecasting for private enterprises.
Preparing and analysing variety of financial and budgeting reports.
Full responsibility for full sets of account and ensuring deadline was met.
Monitored daily cash position on behalf of customer and ensured suffient funds to settle disbursements and filed bank transfer records properly.
Detect potential problems in customers' company and provided professional advice to customers.
Sep 2007 – Oct, 2012                 William C.N. Lee & Co. CPA/William Lee, Paul Tang & Co. (CPA).
Company Description          Sole proprietorship/partnership professional audit firm.
Maintain full set of books for clients from different industries.
Arrange annual statutory auditing for variety of private groups from industries among trading, manufacturing, service, retail and hospitality.
Assist for taxation matters (include: tax calculation, salary & profit tax filing); handled inquires from clients.
Prepare vouchers, bank reconciliation, General Ledger maintenance, assisting for P & L, Balance Sheet using Accounting software.
Acheivement: Provided professional advice to customers for tax saving.
The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University, Feb 2004 – Dec 2006.
Major in Accounting (Graduated in the top 30% -40% of the class).
Distinction in Management Accounting & Business, Macroeconomics, Quantitative Analysis, Ethical issues in Accountancy.
All high distinctions in Financial Accounting, Management Accounting, Business Mathematics & Financial Management. All Distinction in Company Accounting and Accounting Spreadsheet.
Certificate III & IV In Spoken & Written English, April - Dec, 2001.
Outstanding Achievement Award for Academic Success, class participation & attendance.
Cantonese (Native) English (Proficient) Mandarin (Proficient).
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint),  Outlook., ERP Systems, MYOB Accounting.The Open University of Hong Kong    - Major in Accounting         2010– 2014.
Kim Eng Securities (Hong Kong) Limited – Officer, Finance                                   July 2015 – Present.
Prepared monthly AE Commission Report and Incentive Scheme Report.
Handled the month end closing and management report schedule.
Prepared the Daily Liquid Capital Report to credit control department and management.
Prepared cheque, chats or T/T payment for client withdrawal.
Guodu Securities (Hong Kong) Limited – Assistant Accountant                               April 2013 – July 2015.
Handled Securities and Futures segregated client cash reconciliation, daily bank reports.
Monitored the bank balance ensuring that the amount is enough for daily settlement.
Prepared cheque, chats or T/T payment for client withdrawal.
Handled the month end closing, maintained Fixed Assets record.
Emperor Financial Services Group Limited – Accounts Clerk                        November 2010 – February 2013.
Managed Daily bank reports and Equity reports for 18 branches.
Prepared cheque or T/T payment for margin out issue per client’s request.
Issued Debit Note, cheque payment for daily operating expenses and allocated cost.
Handled  Bank Reconciliation,  Day-end and Month-end report.
Martin Ng Co. C.P.A – Accounts Clerk              September 2009 – November 2010.
Industry included: Manufacturing, Trading, Property, Freight and Shipping, Packaging, Clinic, Bakery, etc.
Computer Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Chinese and English processing.CAREER OBJECTIVE: To be an elite professional in an elite organization.
STRENGTHS: Leadership charisma, dynamic team player, sense of responsibility, highly inquisitive, creative and resourceful, excellent skills in communication and collaboration, highly independent, energetic, skills in planning and quite analytical.
THESIS: A Research on Financial Reporting and Disclosure of Financial Information on the Internet.
WORKSHOP/SEMINAR/CONFERENCE: Participant, Local Leadership Development Seminar, Hutan Bandar Johor Bahru, International Association for Students Interested in Management and Economics (AIESEC), UTM; Participant, Coaching and Facilitating Course, UTM; Train of Trainer Certification, National Service Department, Kompleks Darul Puteri, Jalan Cheras, Kuala Lumpur; Participant, CIDB Courses, Slope Protection System, Kolej Komuniti Teluk Intan, Perak.
ACHIEVEMENT: Receiving A Fellow Award from Oxford Centre for Excellence United Kingdom (OXCELL) in May 2013.
CURRENT ACTIVITIES: 1) Lead Trainer of Kemahiran Progresif (1242067-V); MYOB, UBS, MS Office trainer. 2) Appointed as Secretary of Treasury in Koperasi Pembangunan Usahawan Negeri Pahang.
Maintains accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures.
Guides accounting staff by coordinating activities and answering questions.
Reconciles financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information.
Complies with federal, state, and local financial legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to GST and IRB requirements and advising management on needed actions..
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
Maintain a documented system of accounting policies and procedures.
Oversee the operations of the treasury department, including the design of an organizational structure adequate for achieving the department's goals and objectives.
Forecast cash flow positions, related borrowing needs, and available funds for projects and investment..
Assist in determining the company's proper capital structure.
Manage the preparation of the company's budget and new project's budget.
Report to management on variances from the established budget, and the reasons for those variances.
Assist management in the formulation of its overall strategic direction.
Engage in ongoing cost reduction analyses in all areas of the company.
Review the performance of sub-contractors and report on key issues to management.
Engage in benchmarking studies to establish areas of potential operational improvement.
Interpret the company's financial results to management and recommend improvement activities.
Participate in target costing activities to ensure optimization of every project.
Compile key business metrics and report on them to management.
Manage the capital budgeting process, based on constraint analysis and discounted cash flow analysis.
Create additional analyses and reports as requested by management.
Monitoring margin, losses, wastage and any account lines which contribute to profit.
Work close to Store Director and assist him to control margin.
Managing inventory, monthly and semi annually, and to make sure the inventory process run smoothly.
Responsible as Acting Store Director whenever Store Director away from office.
Communicating with Head Office, vendors, banks and liaising with authorities.
Preparing yearly sales forecast and budget together with Assets Review for CAPEX budget preparation.
Preparing monthly sales forecast and daily or weekly projection.
Lead client audit engagements, which include planning executing, directing, and completing financial.
Begin to develop generally accepted accounting principles and FRS accounting and reporting rules, where.
Obtain a thorough understanding of generally accepted auditing standards and common.
Supervise, train and mentor associates and interns on audit process.
Research and analyze financial statement and audit related issues.
Proactively interact with key client’s management to gather information, resolve problems, and make.
Teaching undergraduate and/or postgraduate courses delivered by the Department and, as.
required, to teach on associated programs offered by the Institute.
Undertaking appropriate course and course material development.
Undertaking administrative duties as directed by the Principal.
Engaging in other duties appropriate to the grade of the post as required.
Teaching the principle of accounting and the fundamental of accounting.
Teaching the usage and technical of Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Access.
Key in and analyse all general insurance data based on the home loan/mortgage.
Accounting-General/FRS/GAAP/IFRS, Auditing, Cost Accounting, MS Office, MYOB Accounting Software and GST, Pacific IV, UBS.
4-2, Jalan Tanjung SD 13/1, Bandar Sri Damansara, Kuala Lumpur, 52200,.Product/Business Controller – Contract (August 2013- present).
Providing daily/weekly/monthly commentary on Equity Business with PnL attribution;.
Preparing APAC IB (Equity, FRC & CCS) weekly revenue report to APAC Management;.
Preparing CFO performance packs and sub region reports with analysis & validation of PnL, Balance sheet, Resources (RWA and LRD) and headcount for Equity and CCS Business;.
Analytical review and provide commentary on both direct and attributed costs for Equity and CCS Business;.
Assist in ad hoc request from internal and external stakeholders, CFOs, COOs and APAC Management team;.
Streamline current production process to improve efficient and effectiveness.
Assist in providing net new money and net new run rate information for pan  region in global asset team;.
Assist in preparing monthly actual & estimate P&L review, detailed variance analysis and commentary;.
Prepare monthly balance sheet analysis, sign off and reconciliations;.
Assist in planning/forecasting process and support ad-hoc and systematic management information requirements through the manipulation of MIS system and analysis techniques to transform data into information;.
Interaction with stakeholders, business unit control team in APAC and Global.
Analysis the Private Equity reporting, arrange capital calls payment & distribution and maintaining capital accounts;.
Leading an accounting team for timely and accurate preparation of financial accounts of the Investment Group, Charities/Foundations and family companies;.
Liaise with banks/brokers for trade confirmation, trade settlement, deposit renewals etc;.
Responsible finance, accounting, audit, tax, investment analysis, fiscal management and company secretarial matters of the investment companies, foundations and family companies;.
Responsible for designing of the reporting systems and implementation of an accounting system.
Vice President, Accounting and Finance (Sept 2008-May 2011).
Review of Front to Back reconciliations to ensure trade completeness, accuracy and valuation in the  portfolio’s P&L and reporting systems;.
Managing the trade entry and key aspects of the portfolio management system;.
Calculation and analysis/explanation of daily P&L including review of new trade activity and market moves;.
Reconcile trader’s estimate P&L with that produced by back office system, resolve any discrepancies and queries from front office;.
Liaise with the custodian bank, prime broker and/or Fund Administrator on any trade verification and timely resolution of settlements issues.
Check and review the monthly valuation prepared by Fund administrator;.
Reviewing the subordinate loan agreements on terms and condition for distressed debt and special situation;.
Assist in preparing and reviewing legal documents of setting up a private equity funds;.
Development, monitoring and implementation of all financial reporting aspects in relation to the Fund and Investment Adviser;.
Prepare monthly financial statements of company accounts, accounts reconciliation and general journal and work closely with the auditors and the Fund Administrator to prepare annual audited accounts for the Fund and Investment Adviser ;.
Producing daily P&Ls of funds trading instruments (equities, futures, options, FX forwards, CFDs) traded in Asia Pacific region and reconcile PL with front office;.
Preparing daily NAV of fund products involving regards to understanding & sorting out causes of potential delays in product asset valuations; analyzing & resolving potential issues relating to product liabilities;.
Reviewing the monthly valuation prepared by Fund administrators;.
Working closely with Sales, Front Office, Fund Accounting Team, Trade Support Team, fund administrators and prime brokers with regards to NAV/P&L production and ensuring deadlines are met; and.
Analyzing and continually improving current operating procedures.
Preparation of daily P&Ls of investment portfolio trading in bonds, swaps, futures, options and FX forwards for US and Japan markets and risk management reports (VAR and Volatility);.
Review and comment the documents related to all calculation, subscription, redemption sections for the new fund (e.g. private placement memorandum, operating memorandum, custodian/trust agreement).
Communicate and liaison with custodian bank, administrator, prime brokers and auditors for fund issues.
Preparation of daily and month end reports including investment portfolio, financial reports, cash management, accounts reconciliation and general journals for hedge funds & fund of funds;.
Review and comment the monthly financial reports for Real Estate Investments Funds (REIT) and private equity funds invested in  market using Japan GAAP;.
Responsible for reconciling the funds Net Asset Value with funds calculation agent;.
Evaluation and analysis the funds portfolio and performance;.
Providing fund accounts information for investors and management;.
Using different models to evaluate non-price derivatives, commodities & other financial instruments which is approved by Risk Management Committee;.
Coordination & assisting for external auditors for quarterly and annual audit & preparation of paper work.
MS Office (include Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), Bloomberg, Reuters, Imagine, MYOB, Flex System, Tradar, Microsoft Dynamic, NAVinvest, Bass, Hyperion, SAP, Insight, Business Objects.Nationality: Hong Kong/British    Email: borishyiu@gmail.com   Mobile: +852 5931 7078/+44 7818 225 296.
ACA qualified with both in-house financial management & reporting and external auditing experience.
A results driven, self-motivated and experienced Financial Reporting Accountant working in financial control, cost management, budgeting, forecasting and reporting. Possess excellent communication skills with strong analytical experience contributing to developing successful relationships with all level of business stakeholders to provide proactive, insightful information to key support business decisions.
Previous audit clients range across Financial Services, Media, with exposure to listed and privately owned companies under IFRS, UK GAAP including FRS 102 and SORP for Authorised Funds. Strong appreciation of financial instruments with an in-depth knowledge of IFRS 7/13 and IAS 32/39.
A mathematics graduate with a history of high performance in academic studies and work experience, seeking to use his numerical and analytical.
skills. Equally comfortable working as a member of a team and independently.
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW)   Jan 12 – Jan 15.
Analysed data using statistical model and computing software R  Group project on application of martingale theory in finance.
-investigated topics on option pricing model and black scholes formula.
Wrote mathematical programmes using scientific computing language C.
Solved mathematical problems using computing software Maple and Matlab.
GCE A levels: Further Mathematics (A), Mathematics (A), Business Studies (B), Chemistry (A).
Cross Ocean Partner, London (start-up Hedge fund established in 2015).
Reported directly to CFO and assist with modelling, waterfall accounting, performance reporting, and ad hoc requests.
Involved in daily financial management and reporting for 6 separate fund entities worth of approximately $2.7 billion and Management Company.
Performed analysis on investment returns and forecasts on future returns including future projections of capital drawings and expenses.
Reviewed monthly management accounts and prepared quarterly presentations including budgets and future forecasts to board of directors summarising quarterly results; comparisons between actual results and budget with supporting explanations; key assumptions for projections ahead; suggestions for performance improvements.
Produced revenue and expenses analysis to determine future drawing required from investors and identify areas for costs saving.
Produced daily reports containing the profit & loss, balance sheet summary, liquidity and capital employment for internal analysis; quarterly investor letters published for investors.
Worked closely with innovative software developers and developed spreadsheets models for automation to improve efficiency and reduce risk of human errors.
Worked closely with investor relations team and legal team in producing marketing materials and answering due diligence questions from prospective investors, resulting in closing approximately $1.5 billion from investors.
Monitored investment limits and ensure they are within covenants limits agreed with investors and liquidity facilities.
Managed liquidity of the funds on a tight cash basis and produced liquidity analysis and forecast to determine the use of liquidity facilities and preparation for investment settlements.
Produced daily FX exposure analysis and prepared trades for FX hedging. Reviewed market exposures against counter-parties and maintained liquidity for collaterals.
Established policies such as trade allocation policy and expenses policy for the Company and ensured they were in line with regulatory compliance.
Liaised with fund administrators and ensuring daily reports are accurate by reconciling gains/losses to price movements of investments and performing position reconciliations.
Worked with tax advisors and auditors to ensure financial audits and tax reporting including K1s for the funds and Management Company are completed in a timely manner.
Assisted in expanding both London and US offices including preparing interviews and case studies for potential candidates.
Performed financial statement audits in line with IFRS, UK GAAP, SORP for Authorised Funds and SORP for Investment Trust Companies and Venture Capital Trusts.
Designed audit plans and structured audit approaches for clients taking into account specific business and financial risks of clients.
Performed detailed strategic analysis of client businesses, including obtaining an understanding of how they manage their strategic business risks.
Supervised and led audit engagements with a team of up to eight people. Provided on-the-job training to junior members and managed efficiencies by delegation and regular review of work performed.
Researched and provided technical advice on changes in accounting standards to clients, recommended accounting treatment and disclosure for financial statements.
Prepared and presented audit finding reports which detail the work performed, any audit findings, control deficiencies and recommendations for improvements to clients or audit committees.
Engaged in non-assurance engagements including compilation of financial statements in accordance with UK GAAP or IFRS using caseware.
Engaged in ISAE 3402 II and AAF 01/06 reviews and evaluated internal control procedures of service organisations.
Consistently top rated (out of four) by frequently exceeding expectations.
Pantheon International Participations Plc (Investment Trust) – UK Net Asset of £1.3b - longest established private equity fund-of-funds on the London Stock Exchange. World's foremost private equity specialists, with assets under management of $31.1 billion (£19.9 billion GBP equivalent).
Worked on this client for three years progressing from associate through to in-charge during the final year. Received AQRT score 1 from FRC for top audit quality delivered.
Responsible for leading the interim review and year end audit from planning to completion – identified audit risk areas and designed testing approaches for significant risk areas.
Audited complex areas of the business including unlisted investments, performance fee and investment income.
Provided advices on required disclosures on strategic report, corporate governance, audit committee report and upcoming changes for UKGAAP including FRS 102.
Identified and discussed control deficiencies with the client in addition to providing recommendations for control weaknesses.
British & American Investment Trust Plc (Investment Trust) – UK Net Asset of £27m – self-managed investment trust company with three subsidiaries.
Worked on this client for two years progressing from associate through to in-charge during the final year. Responsible for the audit of three subsidiaries under UK GAAP, parent company under IFRS.
Performed audit procedures on exchanged traded options, unlisted investments which includes significant assumptions and judgements, intragroup loans and financial guarantees.
Reviewed financial statements and checking disclosures against IFRS for the parent company and UK GAAP including FRS 102 for the subsidiaries. Reviewed consolidated financial statements prior to changes introduced to IFRS in 2014.
Provided advices on newly required disclosures on strategic report, remuneration report, audit committee report and changes adopted by IFRS such as IFRS 10.
Authorised Funds – Thesis, WAY, Capita – including a diverse range of open ended fund structures including bond funds, property funds etc.
Supervised and led an engagement team of at least 8 team members. Allocated work to associates and managed budget by tracking work process.
Audited different types of investments such as equities, bonds, and collective investment scheme and complex areas of the business such as reportable income.
Met tight group and statutory reporting deadlines developing improved project management skills.
Other responsibilities include review of termination accounts, testing of controls in place at administrators.
Fund Partners Limited (Asset Managers) – UK Turnover of £49m - second-largest fund-hosting provider in the UK, with £4.4bn assets under management.
Supervised a small audit team on site (five people), reviewed work of associates and reported issues to clients, audit manager and partner.
Delegated work to associates and provided coaching on site.
Responsible for CASS assurance engagement and writing finding reports to the FCA.
Chaired closing meetings and ensured clear communication throughout the process between client and team.
Other clients include Deloitte LLP, The Lindsell Train Investment Trust Plc and Henderson High Income Trust Plc.
Computing: Strong Excel, Word, PowerPoint skills; European Computer Driving License.
Languages: Fluent in three languages (both written and spoken): English, Cantonese and Mandarin Chinese.
Film Producing: Produced over 5 short films, arranged schedules, wrote script, and carried post production editing.
Aspiring world traveller: extensive travels over Europe and Asia.chho1015@gmail.com |5588 0501 | 12A, Block 130, Broadway, Mei Foo, KLN.
Taxation Accountant with accounting, sales, supply chain experience.
Yew & Co is an accounting firm which established in 1989 with office in Richmond, providing business advices, tax and accounting services to a diverse range of clients locally and internationally.
Preparation of BAS, IAS, Year End Financial statements (Company, Trusts, Sole Traders, Partnerships & SMSF) by using MYOB AO.
Adam Wong & Associates (Melbourne, Australia)   Feb 2016 – Feb 2017.
Adam Wong & Associates is a boutique accounting firm with office in Melbourne, providing business advices, tax and accounting services to a diverse range of clients.
Preparation of Business Activity Statement, Special Purpose Report, Financial Statements (Trusts, Sole Traders, Partnerships).
Preparation of Individual and business tax returns, whilst being a point of contact for the client.
Interacted with colleagues and clients in a tri-lingual capacity (English, Cantonese and Mandarin).
Fupai Australia (Camberwell, Australia)                            Jun 2011 – Jun 2015.
Fupai Australia is a wholesale company, office situated in Camberwell and factory in China, selling disposable goods to major supermarkets and wholesalers such as (IGA, Encore Tissue, Caprice Paper, Tailored Packaging).
Major Work: Placing orders to factories, do regular follow up, communicating with customers, organising logistics, preparing documents for Australia Customs.
Accounting Work: Completing work papers to prepare financial statements, account payable job, payroll, issuing tax invoices.
Participated in meeting with existing and potential customers.
PTE 65 band score, equivalent to IELTS 7 band score in each module.
Strong problem solving skills: analysis across data sets with strong lateral thinking abilities to provide viable solutions to complex problems.
Ability to handle pressure: strong in time management (prioritise tasks).
Competent team player: able to work well in a team to achieve common targets.
Melbourne Chinese Soccer Association (MCSA)     2014 – 2017 Team member.
The MCSA was established in 1995 with the view to provide opportunities for young people to play soccer in a friendly competitive environment. MCSA has reached more than 1000 registered players on 2015.Top goal scorer and most valuable player in the league.
The competition held by Monash Sport at Caulfield campus. My team won the Championship.Jun 2016 – Present Bank of America Merrill Lynch– Singapore      AVP, APAC Business Controls, Monitoring and Readiness.
Delivered regional reporting oversight over the issue management, operational loss and policy management processes. Business Controls, Monitoring and Readiness provides risk governance over technology and operations in the APAC region.
Managed and monitored the issue management portfolio for APAC. Implemented reporting of issue action steps outliers within the region.
Provided oversight regionally and globally for APAC over key risk indicators covering issue management, incident management and vendor management.
Prepared monthly reporting and quarterly analysis over operational losses and near misses in the Technology and Operations division for senior management awareness.
Implemented a repository of all policies under review in the organization for regional risk awareness and discussion.
Prepared materials for both the monthly regional risk forum and issues forum covering issue management, operational losses and policy management. Implemented an automated tool to select issues for discussion at the monthly regional issues forum.
Coordinated half-yearly technology and operations updates of all APAC subsidiary entities to BankAmerica International Finance Corporation for the APAC Chief Operating Officer.
Nov 2014 – Feb 2016 DBS Bank Ltd– Singapore        Business Risk Manager, Chief Operating Office, Group Portfolio Analytics.
Provided support to the Group Portfolio Analytics team in the Risk Management Group. Group Portfolio Analytics is responsible for the development, implementation and monitoring of risk-based models and for managing the economic capital, risk appetite and stress testing profiles for the organisation.
Assisted in managing the department budget covering reporting, forecasting, accruals, contract management and analysis.
Managed and monitored audit, regulatory compliance and model validation issues and provided status reporting over the risk profile. Finalised the implementation of an issue management tracking system for internal purposes.
Prepared regulatory reports providing updates over issues and actions raised by MAS.
Simplified the project status reporting process by streamlining information to meet user requirements. This reporting was used to update the Chief Risk Officer on internal projects.
Managed the Operational Risk profile by completing required submissions covering risks and controls and monthly risk and breaches attestations.
Coordinated the Business Continuity Plan by providing accurate information, ensuring disaster recovery capability and completing testing scripts and results.
Performed first level review of all committee submissions.
May 2014 – Sep 2014 Bank of New York Mellon– Frankfurt, Germany.
Provided risk and control support to the Finance team in Germany along with business management assistance. The Finance department oversees the financial movements across all ledgers in Germany.
Provided oversight and management over the reconciliation process of German Legal Entities to ensure timely completion and remediation of issues. Achieved 100% completion rate covering over 500 reconciliations for the June and July 2014 periods.
Managed and monitored risk issues and provided status reporting over the risk profile.
Supported the Financial Controller to complete quarterly attestations.
Provided oversight over all issues and actions raised by review functions and ensured the timely completion of issues.
Managed the Business Continuity Plan by providing accurate information, ensuring disaster recovery capability and completing testing scripts and results.
Managed and monitored user access privileges for users within the Frankfurt Finance department and performed user access reviews.
Apr 2012 – Mar 2013 SunGard Services Limited – London, United Kingdom.
Conducted reviews of control design and operating effectiveness in the Finance team. Corporate Internal Controls is responsible for providing assurance over Sarbanes Oxley controls in Finance globally.
Performed testing on a sample basis over controls relating to cash disbursements, lease recognition, journal entry procedures, third party service and IT providers, revenue contracts, payroll and internet banking application security.
Responsible for identifying, agreeing and writing remediation plans with managerial and operational stakeholders where testing exceptions were found.
Worked independently to liaise with stakeholders across Europe, North America and Asia to ensure the timely completion of internal financial control testing.
Worked with Treasury departments in both United Kingdom and Singapore to ensure quarterly reviews over internet banking applications were completed. Initial testing results found that these had not been previously completed.
Found deficiency in the lease recognition process where leases were not being classified prior to recognition in the General Ledger. This finding lead to global changes for both the process and the controls remediating the risks of the process.
Operational Risk and Permanent Supervision Controller, Finance.
Provided risk and control support to the Finance department of NewEdge. The Finance department is responsible for monitoring and reporting financial activity in compliance with the approved control environment. NewEdge is the securities and derivatives clearing division of Societe Generale.
Provided guidance over risk management and control to the Finance department to ensure that members understood the implications of risk and the importance of controls.
Performed quality assurance reviews of balance sheet reconciliations to ensure completeness and accuracy on a monthly basis.
Performed risk controls testing over General Ledger procedures and Segregation of Duties.
Assisted in the organisation of an external site Disaster Recovery test in confirming systems and applications to be tested and confirming participants.
Attended a Disaster Recovery test as an Operational Risk representative and provided support and guidance to testers by explaining the requirements of the tests required.
Updated internal procedure documentation to ensure relevance and accuracy.
Provided oversight over recommendations made by review functions to ensure timely completion over the related actions.
Feb 2007 – Apr 2011 National Australia Bank – Melbourne, Australia.
Entered as a graduate into one of the big four banks in Australia. The Internal Audit function provided assurance services across the core retail, business and wholesale banking streams. Services were also provided to support units and to subsidiaries, including the insurance arm, MLC.
Lead audits based on risks and controls, managed workload and built client relationships.
Authored and contributed to internal audit reports on project management and governance.
Conducted planning for audits taking a risk based approach to controls for credit risk, project management, retail banking, corporate banking and compliance.
Performed audits covering a range of products including fixed and variable term deposits, mortgage loans, personal loans, liquidity products and insurance.
Responsible for assessing risks and controls and documenting findings, observations and issues in reports covering retail and corporate banking, compliance and project management.
Managed fieldwork within time and budget for audits conducted in different locations.
Responsible for communicating findings and observations found during audit fieldwork and socialising audit issues with clients to facilitate an agreeable outcome.
Independently conducted General IT Control audits over financial enterprise applications.
Strong understanding of processes and controls covering banking, governance and project management risks.
Responsible for the organisation and facilitation of monthly audit department meetings.
Identified as one of top ten per cent of graduates to be selected to participate in the 2007 NAB GradQuest Talent Program.
Jul 2004 – Jul 2005 Telstra Corporation Limited – Melbourne, Australia.
Entry level role at the largest telecommunications provider as a co-operative student. The Risk and Assurance team provided assurance services across the organization covering the core retail, business and wholesale channels and support areas including Finance and Risk.
Active member analysing risks, controls and processes for operational and financial controls.
Was responsible for testing controls and contributing to the preparation of reports and documentation focusing on Finance and Operations.
Mapped overall Telstra process environment as part of the Sarbanes Oxley project which allowed the organisation to gain compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act.
Conducted user acceptance testing and performed the initial data entry for the Action Control Tool issue verification system which identified initial user problems.
Due to the depth of working knowledge (expertise demonstrated), was engaged as the primary contact within the organisation for user support for the Action Control Tool.
Worked independently to ensure business completion of review recommendations.
Mar 2014 – Apr 2016 Deakin University, Melbourne, Australia.
Jan 1998 – Nov 2001 Melbourne High School, Melbourne, Australia.
Communication Skills Strong skills gained through experience by discussing processes and results.
Technical Skills Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, Outlook and SharePoint) – Proficient.
Audit Software (AutoAudit, pwc TeamMate and Aline) – Proficient.
Memberships Certified Practicing Accountant (Australia).Co-Curricular Activities in Junior College and Secondary School include:.
-Participated and won the Silver Award in the Singapore Youth Festival Central Judging for Concert Bands Competition (2007).
-Participated and won the Gold Award in the Singapore Youth Festival Central Judging for Display Bands Competition (2006).
-Participated and won the Silver Award in the Singapore Youth Festival Central Judging for Display Bands Competition (2004).
•Handle monthly progressive payment claims to main/subcontractors for e.g. LTA related projects.
•Handle sales related process e.g. issuing tax invoices from the Electronic Service Ops System (eSOS), etc.
•Ensure timely updating of customer data & crane information in eSOS.
•Prepare monthly supplier payments and process staff expenses claim.
•Prepare weekly debtors and creditors aging reports and ensure long outstanding debts are collected.
•Assist in preparing monthly, quarterly, year-end management and statutory reporting.
•Assist in the procurement function such as purchasing items off GeBIZ Catalogue Buy, reviewing the awarding of Tender and Invitation to Quote(ITQ) in GeBIZ and preparing procurement reports periodically.
•Assist in the processing of salary for postgraduates and part-time work by students.Address: Flat D, 20/F., Block 8, Royal Ascot, Shatin, N.T., H.K.
Position Held: Accounting Officer (equivalent to Senior Accountant).
Period of Employment: 22 September 2015 to 21 September 2017.
Act as an account manager of Department of Surgery, Paediatric, Anaesthesiology and Centre for sports and exercise.
Responsible for handling financial accounting matters including preparation of journal entries; checking reimbursement claims, invoices and purchase orders to ensure that they are within budget and in compliance with the policies and regulations.
Handle fund and donation received to ensure that they are booked in the proper account correctly, as well as chasing the receivable.
Prepare financial statements to show the account status to various funding bodies.
Handle the month/year-end closing accounting duties on a timely basis.
Monitor the budgetary control matters for the above departments to ensure that the use of funds is in compliance with the internal and external regulations.
Communicate closely and effectively with the Principal Investigators (Professors and Doctors) of the research projects or the budget holders for smoothing the management process.
Prepare documents and communicate with external auditors for annual audit.
Assist in overseeing of financial and accounting functions of the entities in PRC.
Responsible for reviewing monthly financial statements and other financial information prepared by the PRC colleagues/entities.
Check payments to ensure that they are in compliance with the budget control policies.
Prepare various financial reports as required (eg: project accounts summary).
Handle banking and company registry matters (eg: capital injection).
Communicate with bankers, external auditors and government departments in PRC.
Coordinate the work for the whole team, monitor and follow up the progress, complete on a timely basis (eg: settlement of outstanding advance cash, housekeeping work)  Review and approve the work outputs from colleagues within the same sub team.
Provide guidance and recommendation for improvement for the team (eg: recommendation for working efficiently, advice on how to communicate with internal department effectively).
Name of Company: Continental Jewellery (Mfg) Limited (Listed in HK: 00513.HK).
Nature of the Company: Jewellery Manufacturing, Retailing, Mining and Properties Investment.
Review and analyse the accounting functions of the PRC subsidiaries/plants(Jewellery factories, Retail company with 30 shops and Mining company).
Review monthly management and financial reports submitted by PRC subsidiaries/plants to ensure they are in compliance with HK accounting standard.
Prepare various management account and analysis reports and submit to management in the accurate and timely basis.
Supervise the accounting and finance functions for the Group’s companies in PRC.
Provide guidance to the PRC colleagues to ensure their work is in compliance with HK accounting standard (eg: accrual basis, depreciation policies, classification matters).
Discuss the accounting treatment on estimation and accuracy of the inventory and cost of sales with the PRC colleague for the mining company.
Communicate closely with PRC colleagues to enhance the quality of work.
Prepare year-end audit schedules, consolidation and tax computations.
Communicate with external auditors and assist in audit to ensure that the annual audit can be completed smoothly.
Review and proof read the audit report, annual report and announcement.
Well documented for the interim and year-end closing file to ensure they are easy to follow.
Name of Company: Hop Fung Group Holdings Limited (Listed in HK: 02320.HK).
Review and analyse the accounting functions of the PRC subsidiaries/plants.
Prepare and review accounting journals, schedules and tax computations.
Prepare monthly cost analysis/report and enhance internal control of the operation (eg: found the reason of increased in cost due to purchasing the low quality material by cost analysis and provide recommendation to the management).
Prepare weekly trade receivables report and enhance the settlement process (eg: enhance the process by asking sales department to take initiative in reporting the status of settlement monthly).
Supervise the accounting and finance functions both in HK and PRC, as well asmonitoring the operation of various departments (sales and sales order processing departments) of the factories in PRC.
Supervise subordinates (including staff in the factories in PRC) to complete their accounting duties on a timely basis.
Closely monitor the sales department for timely settlement of outstanding receivable and sales order processing department to ensure that the process fulfills the requirement of contract processing arrangement (eg: provide advice on proper documents required such as receiving correct PRC order not the order from HK).
Review and proof read the audit report, annual report and announcement.
Preparation of full set of auditing schedules and consolidation on a timely basis.
Prepare tax computation as well as handling tax returns and tax letter from the IRD with care (eg: answering the tax letter and submit to IRD in compliance with the tax rules).
Supervise junior staff to complete their duties as assigned and provide guidance and training to them.
Able to work independently, under pressure and handle multi-tasks with commitment throughout the jobs as an accountant and auditor.
Able to communicate well with internal departments, clients and auditors upon their requests throughout my working experience.
Leadership skills developed in the position as a team leader and supervisor.
Team player attitude developed throughout my working experience.
Time management learnt from coping with deadlines by senior management and government parties during the works in accounting and auditing.
Proficient with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Oracle Financials system, Infor SunSystems (financial management system), Microsoft Dynamics AX (ERP), Chinese word processing and researching on the internet.
Other Activity: Act as a Deacon of my Christian church to organise.
Application for the position of Assistant Accounting Manager.
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("HKICPA").
Conversion Programme for student member of HKICPA (Auditing, Taxation and Law).ACCA Affiliate, degree holder in Bachelor of Science (major in Physics), scholarship winner in B.C. Grade 12 Provincial Exam ().
Possess about ten years of experience in general accounting, including full set of accounts, group consolidation, FP&A and complex issues that arose in accounts reconciliation.                   Aim to become professional accountant in the scope of financial reporting and/or.
Hardworking, discreet, good numerical and reporting skills, well-organized, able to handle mutli-task and set priority, able to carry out assigned tasks smoothly and in a proper fashion, well-versed in using Excel and various accounting software including Sun System.
B.C. Grade 12 Provincial Scholarship Award in Physics, Chemistry & Mathematics.
Contract Assistant Accountant, Mundipharma () Ltd. (Mar 2017 – Jun 2017).
Prepare vouchers and monthly account schedules for sales, direct costs, inventory, stock-in-transit and provision for obsolete stocks.
Ensure accuracy of stock records, costs and movements, and facilitate effective inventory control.
Participate in preparing mid-year budget and various kinds of monthly management reports including sales by product type, five-year sale summary and governance report.
Prepare monthly breakdown on item level for sale revenue, direct cost, sale rebate, back-end discount, contractual shared profit, bonus goods, write-off for expired/damaged goods and provision for obsolete stocks.
Update price list for in-market sales and distributor sales from time to time.
Set up new monthly reports for in-market sales, inventory movement and inventory turnover.
Contract Accounting Officer, Catlin Hong Kong Limited (Sep 2016 – Dec 2016).
Handle monthly reconciliation of all account codes between SAP and Peoplesoft for data migration purpose, and between SAP and Frame (Technical accounts) for system interface purpose.
Handle monthly reconciliation of bank accounts and inter-company current accounts.
Handle accounts payable and staff expense reimbursements and monitor status of related payments by shared service provider.
Prepare monthly account schedules for fixed assets, prepayment, provision for expenses and inter-company accounts.
Verify commission income based on written premium for correctness.
Set accounting controls for all B/S and P&L items on both SAP and Peoplesoft to ensure accuracy and make suggestion for accounting adjustments.
Contract Senior Accounting Executive, Ace Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (Oct 2015 – Feb 2016).
Verify a large volume of daily receipt slips and payment requisition forms against policy administration system.
Handle monthly reconciliations of bank operation and investment accounts, and of suspense accounts for payables in question and unknown receipt items for system interface purpose, all of which involves a great amount of data and a certain degree of complexity.
Prepare vouchers for policy payments, loan settlements, credit card refunds, EPS refunds, bank charges, exchange difference, month-end adjustments, etc.
Check vouchers for funds investment in money market, as well as premium collections via PPS, EPS and credit cards.
Assistant Accountant, Malca-Amit Global Ltd. (Apr 2012 – Nov 2014).
Check and review subsidiaries’ financial statements in Excel package format for monthly group consolidation purpose.
Assist in preparation of month-end consolidation package and supporting schedules.
Carry out monthly reconciliations of inter-company current accounts and transactions of sale and direct cost, head office charges for shared service & cargo insurance charges.
Handle monthly inter-company billings with the use of matrix table for cost allocation.
Prepare monthly group bank balance report with variance analysis.
Manage accounting master files for a couple of sizeable contracted agents, including allocation of freight costs among subsidiaries.
Prepare vouchers for inter-company billings and settlements, exchange differences, loan settlements, month-end adjustments, etc.
Set accounting controls for all intra-group B/S and P&L items for ensure accuracy and completeness.
Update transfer price for collect charges and destination charges in web-based operational system upon request by sales team.
Collaborate with sales team to ensure timely maintenance of pricing into systems and invoicing to subsidiaries and contracted agents.
Liaise by email with overseas staff and contracted agents on resolving accounting issues.
Contract Assistant Accountant, MetLife Ltd. (Nov 2008 – May 2011).
Handle a large volume of policyholder-related payments and general expenses on daily basis with e-banking platform.
Prepare vouchers for policyholder-related payments and general expenses, including staff expense reimbursements.
Handle monthly reconciliations of several bank accounts, which involve a great number of transactions, as well as several control accounts.
Assist in user acceptance testing upon launch of new products.
Accounts Assistant, Polarline Development Ltd. (Nov 2007 – Aug 2008).
Handle full set of accounts for Singapore-based subsidiary.
Carry out sales commission calculations on quarterly basis for  office..
Liaise with operation staff from  office on accounting issues.
Prepare cheques and vouchers for general expenses of  head office.
Contract Assistant Accountant, Modelabs Technologies Ltd. (Sep 2006 – Sep 2007).
HKD9,000 per month, with gratuity of HKD5,000 upon completion of contract.
Responsible for daily accounting operations including accounts payable, aging report,.
bank reconciliation, depreciation schedule, cash flow forecast and petty cash.
Prepare cheques/TT and vouchers for vendor settlements and general expenses.
Carry out outdoor banking activities including submission of telegraphic transfer forms, cash withdrawal for directors and application of autopay instructions.
Accounts Clerk, Morning Star Resources Ltd. (Nov 2005 – Apr 2006).
9. Contract Clerk, American International Assurance Co., Ltd (Jan 2005 – Apr 2005).
10. Contract Clerk, Midland Realty Co., Ltd. (Mar 2004 – May 2004).
11. Accounts Clerk, Eternal Year Property Services Ltd. (Oct 2002 – May 2003).
12.  Audit Trainee, Louis Leung & Partners CPA Ltd. (May 2001 – Jul 2001).
Spoken Language:  Cantonese (Fluent), English (Good), Mandarin (Good).
Computer Skills:   Excel, Word, Outlook, Sun System, Flex Accounts, MYOB,.
Peachtree, Peoplesoft, SAP, MS Navision, HSBCNet, CitiDirect,.
Expected Salary:   HKD20,000~25,000 per month (Negotiable).Aug 2016 – Present Custody and Fund Accounting Manager, Global Services, State Street Bank.
Assist the senior manager of the team in daily operations and projects; and review and discuss issues requiring escalation with senior management.
Act as the primary point of escalation for custody related queries and processing issues.
Liaise with client services team for queries and outstanding problems.
Responsible for reviewing the daily transactions and monitoring including securities, standing instruction, cash and foreign exchange.
During the course of normal day to day operation, responsible for identifying any unusual or potentially suspicious transaction activity.
Assistant Manager, Treasury Services Delivery, Global Custody.
Monitor cash portfolios for clients such as sovereign wealth funds.
As a checker to monitor all client’s injection, payment, deposit and FX instructions after they are processed by the makers.
Monitor daily and forward day cash positions to ensure the accounts have sufficient funding for settlement of trades, bonds, mutual fund, currency swap or corporate actions events.
Ensure clients are informed in a timely manner for any potential currency overdraft.
Actively answer enquiries relayed by the client services team.
Reconcile the cash accounts to ensure no discrepancy, follow up on any outstanding issues, investigate and resolve breaks.
Coordinate with project team in the successful introduction of a new cash processing system. The new system reduces a large number of manual processing works.
Take care of the on boarding and provision of ongoing cash management services to new clients who are global financial institutions since July 2014.
Assistant Manager , International Sales (Foreign stock department).
Relationship manager of the Mainland China retail and corporate clients.
Perform margin calls, credit control and handle monthly rebate to corporate clients.
Supervise junior colleagues in dealing of local and foreign stocks, options and futures.
Perform daily stock position reconciliation and day-end trade reconciliation.
Perform post market trade allocation and monitor the counterparty fund balance.
Respond to client enquiries on corporate actions, settlement issues and share transfer.
Communicate with custodian to follow up on trade settlement and trade confirmations.
Use of Bloomberg for trading and checking upcoming corporate actions events.
Successfully introduce a new business model to the company that suits the needs of high frequency traders.
Coordinate middle office with IT department in the performance of UAT and implementation of a new automatic trade confirmation generating program to speed up the workflow.
In charge of the foreign stock one-month, one-stock promotion which increases client’s attention to the foreign stock trading service provided by the company.
Assist in organizing company events, e.g. Shareholder Annual General Meeting.
Passed the Leveraged Foreign Exchange Trading Examination in Dec 2012.
Took National Putonghua Proficiency Test in Aug 2010 – Score: Grade Three, Level A.
Took International English Language Testing System (IELTS) in Aug 2008 –.
Overall Band Score: 7.5 (Listening: 7.5, Reading: 8.5, Writing: 6.5, Speaking: 6.5).