463 Crawford Lane, #19­11 Singapore 190463  |  angboonwei@gmail.com  |         (65) 98527936.
Company name : Gervan Biz Pte. Ltd. (December 2014 to current).
Gervan Biz Pte. Ltd. is a Consultancy Company offering a complete range of Corporate Management Services in Singapore. Being the Senior Associate, I am responsible to full Corporate Secretarial Matter, including the following:.
New Enquiry for setting up of Company in Singapore, for the following type of entities:­.
Offshore entities (i.e. British Virgin Island, Cayman Island, Labuan Malaysia, etc).
Advice and/or assistance for the preparation of documents for ongoing.
Corporate Secretarial Matters in compliance with the statutory requirement in.
General changes to a Corporate Entity (i.e. changes to the officer, transfer of Shares, Return of Allotment by way of cash and otherwise than cash, change of Company Name).
Restructuring pursuant to Shareholders’ Agreement (i.e. to advise client pursuant to the terms and conditions as reflected in Shareholders’ and/or any other Agreement in connection therewith).
Restructuring involving share swap between related local/foreign entities (i.e. to advise client of the necessary steps and documentation to be prepared in pursuant to the restructuring.
Annual Compliance in­line with the local Statutory Requirement (i.e. reminder and/or follow­up in respect of the deadline to adhere with The Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) in respect of the filing of Annual Return, in respect of the deadline to adhere with The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) in respect of the filing of Estimated Chargeable Income and Corporate Tax for each of the Year of Assessment.
Currently, the following Companies form part of my Portfolio (approximately 200 Companies) which I handled independently (by reporting to immediately superior):­.
Closure of Singapore Local Company by way of application for striking off with ACRA and Members’ Voluntarily winding up.
De­registration of Singapore Branch in accordance with the criteria required by The Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”).
Assistance and/or advice for relevant application of License, as per the requirements of the local Authorities:­.
4) Application for Work Passes with The Ministry of Manpower (MOM) Attending to Clients’ request in respect of the application for various type of work passes available in Singapore:­.
Corresponding with Clients in respect of the eligibilities for each type of work pass in Singapore and assist accordingly in respect of the required documentations for the purposes of work passes application.
In the event of rejection of work passes, assisting client in liaising with MOM in respect of the necessary documents required as supporting documents for appeal process as well as the drafting of appeal letter as part of the documentation.
CORPORATE SECRETARIAL executive (team leader)                                      Company Name : Rikvin Pte. Ltd. (December 2009 to November 2014).
Rikvin Pte. Ltd. is a Consultancy Company offering a complete range of Corporate Management Services in Singapore. Being the Senior Executive, I am responsible to full Corporate Secretarial Matter (with the support of 2 Junior Assistants), including the following:.
Attending clients with their enquiries to managing a Company, matters from Incorporation to Striking off.
Assisting in Corporate Secretarial duties including of preparation of Directors’ and Shareholders’ Resolutions.
Attending to the Biz­filing of documents with The Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”).
Monitoring and ensure compliance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association, procedures, and other relevant regulatory.
Company Name : Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. (July 2008 to November 2009).
Assisting in Corporate Secretarial duties including of preparation of Directors’ and Shareholders’ Resolutions.
Attending to the Biz­filing of documents with The Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”).
Monitoring and ensure compliance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association, procedures, and other relevant regulatory.
Attending and advice rendering to clients in respect of the Statutory requirements and procedures in managing a company.
Drafting standard Notice of Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) notice as well as minutes of AGM.
Company Name : W L Lee – Azizan (Advocates & Solicitors) (July 2007 – April.
Assisting and handling on daily Secretarial and Administration duties.
Conduct regular file system backup and ensure the integrity of a virus­free local area computer network.
Liaise with the Government Department and Land Registry regarding on the matter on Sale and Purchase on Property.
Monitoring closely the deadline for the submission of relevant documents required for Agreement to respective Malaysia’s Authorities.
Involving in the general accounting duties such as issuing of Bills and Official Receipt to Client and other relevant parties.
Respond to telephone and email inquiries from Clients and other Business Associates.
Field of Study                  : Business Studies/Administration/Management.
Institute/University   : University Tunku Abdul Rahman (“UTAR”).
Field of Study                   : Business Studies/Administration/Management.
Institute/University    : College Tunku Abdul Rahman (“KTAR”).
Field of Study                   :  Business Studies/Administration/Management.
Institute/University    : College Tunku Abdul Rahman (“KTAR”).
OTHERS ATTAINED  Certification                           : Certificate of Employment Intermediaries (CEI).
Currently I am holding the position as Corporate Secretarial Senior Associate (equivalent to the post as Supervisor) in Gervan Biz Pte. Ltd.
Being the Senior Associate in the Company, I am assisted by a Junior Assistant and reporting directly to the Head Of Department of Corporate Secretarial.
As one of the player in servicing line, I believed passion towards the job that one currently holding are very important, because, with our passion, it grow the our  interest toward our  job and further toward every piece of work for long hours (general work hours of 8 hours of more, daily).
So I do maintain my principal of “understand what your client want and solve it”.
Being accountable to Client(s) ­ Emphasizing in high accountability to our client with their Corporate's matter(s) enquiry;.
Being responsible to Client(s) as well as work task(s) ­ Responsible in following up of all the work­task in progress in order to complete the task before the applicable deadline in order to ensure the compliance status of the.
Being independent in handling Corporate Matter(s) for Local Private Company and Foreign Branches.
Planning & Organizing Skills ­ Being the person in charge who in­charge of the Corporate Matters with different type of deadline, it is important to passes high alert towards all the deadline so that to remind each and every single client so that we can proceed for planning and organizing every piece of work which required to be completed within prescribed time frame.To provide corporate consulting and advisory in regards to corporate law and governance to over 400 companies pursuant to the Companies Act, Cap. 50 of Singapore and other relevant regulatory bodies.
To draft relevant documents such as resolutions for board and shareholder meetings; minutes of meetings; and any other documents that are required on an ad-hoc basis.
Responsible for the development of the sales and marketing strategy within the company, as well to lead the secretarial department consisting of 10 members.
To develop and improve the standard operating procedures (SOP) in regards to corporate secretarial practice, as well to ensure that the integrity and accuracy of secretarial records for respective clients are being maintained.
To assist the Company Secretary in drafting the relevant documents such as resolutions for board and shareholder meetings; minutes of meetings; and any other documents that are required on an ad-hoc basis.
Responsible in ensuring that the secretarial file and records are properly maintained.
To provide corporate consulting and advisory in regards to corporate law and governance to a portfolio consisting of 80 companies pursuant to the Companies Act, Cap. 50 of Singapore and other relevant regulatory bodies, under the supervision of the Senior Manager.
To draft relevant documents such as resolutions for board and shareholder meetings; minutes of meetings; and any other documents that are required on an ad-hoc basis.
To liaise with corporate foreign directors in Employment Pass applications as well as the arrangement of documents.
Responsible in ensuring that the secretarial file and records are properly maintained.
During my employment with Accrafile Pte. Ltd. and its Group of Companies, I was engaged as part of the development and programming team as I managed to implement a system that improves work efficiencies within the corporate secretarial department, together by formalizing a standard operating procedure (SOP). As a qualified individual and a Chartered Secretary, I had the necessary knowledge and experience to design a system that caters to the needs of respective team members. For instance, I have designed a database to upkeep accurate records of respective clients, as well to be able to generate relevant documents and agreements, which in turn neglecting any occurrence of possible human errors.
I am an author to a MBA project titled “The Importance of Corporate Governance in an International Context and Companies in Malaysia”. During my time in Edinburgh Napier University in pursue of my MBA course, I have made emphasis onto corporate law and governance where I have performed an in-depth research in relation to my professional qualification, ICSA. By doing this study, I have also conducted survey with top management levels and professors, for ways to improve best practices and proper internal control system within an organization. As a result, accounting loophole and fraud may be avoided, which in turn improves the economy by attracting new foreign investment due to transparency, and accountability.
An acting Chartered Secretary with over 3 years of work experiences with the ability to work independently, and conversant with the Companies Act, Cap. 50 of Singapore as well as other relevant regulatory bodies.
Corporate Alliance Pte. Ltd. (n.k.a. BDO Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.).
Institution: Edinburgh Napier University, Scotland, United Kingdom.
Author of Dissertation: “The Importance of Corporate Governance in an International Context and Companies in Malaysia”.
Institution: Edinburgh Napier University, Scotland, United Kingdom.
Author of Dissertation: “The Importance of Corporate Governance in an International Context and Companies in Malaysia”.
Institution: The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
Institution: The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
Institution: Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Institution: Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Institution: Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Institution: Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Activities: To organize and conduct activities relating to the role of a Chartered Secretary, particularly attending Annual General Meetings (AGMs) of public companies listed in the Exchange.
Activities: To organize and conduct activities relating to the role of a Chartered Secretary, particularly attending Annual General Meetings (AGMs) of public companies listed in the Exchange.An entry­level candidate seeking employment in the Corporate Secretarial field with high growth potential. I am detail­oriented, independent and tactful, but also able to work in a team. I believe my ability to adapt quickly under any circumstance will prove to be an valuable attribute in providing high standard of work even under pressure.
ACS International  Obtained full diploma with Higher Level subjects including:.
Singapore ­ International Baccalaureate Diploma  (2008­2009).
Singapore ­ GCE  ● Achieved A’s for English, Social Studies, History.
(Jan 2016 –   Corporate Secretarial Assistant, MC Corporate Services, Singapore Present).
Assisting a team of Corporate Secretaries in duties including but not limited to:.
(June 2015 –   Administrative Executive, Buffalo Tours Ltd, Singapore December  2015).
Assisting the Managing Director with administrative tasks including; flight bookings, expense claims, contract signing.
Maintaining privacy and keeping confidential information.
Office managerial role of keeping the environment clean, stocked with stationary and necessary supplies.
Assisting the Senior Accountant with checking of invoices, keeping system updated with daily checks.
(Jan 2015 – March  INTERN,  Allen&Overy LLC, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 2015).
Assisting the Business Development Manager with proposals to be sent as the company bids for successful deals.
(Nov 2014 – Jan  INTERN,  Thien Minh Group, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 2015).
Creating a short written advert to market an upcoming IT project to draw in TMG’s focus clients  ● Communicating and meeting with potential partners to improve the performance of Victoria Nui Sam Lodge.
Research on the wellness tourism industry to possibly be integrated into TMG’s business.
Benchmarking of hotel prices and tour packages to understand the competitiveness of TMG against competitors.
(Jul 2013 ­ Aug  INTERN,  Vietnam Asset Management, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 2013).
Research on market sectors and companies in Vietnam’s economy taught me to be thorough with data and information in order to create an informative presentation.
Marketing company’s brand through emailing potential clients making sure they are aware of our products.
Editing of market reports which required great attention to detail and deadlines.
Learning the research process to produce a financial report of a company/industry.
My attention to detail has improved significantly as the senior colleagues expected swift execution of tasks given.
Designing a new product brochure to be used for fire insurance claims allowed myself to be creative with the layout and design.
Editing of insurance claims paying great attention to detail.
Assisted in miscellaneous clerical tasks with attention to detail and precision.
(Filings, typing invoices for clients, editing of Word files, double­checking billing information).
(May 2010 – June CUSTOMER SERVICE OFFICER, Nokia Care Centre Singapore 2010).
Worked in a team and received much support from when difficult situations arose which enhanced my team player mentality and communications skills with peers and senior management alike.
Entertained queries and complaints, data entry, booking in phones for repairs.
Was able to maintain consistent level of service excellence while reducing customer traffic during peak hours.
By completing the course I have demonstrated knowledge of the core principles of economics and understanding of them as they relate to economic problems and issues. Modules such as International Trade and Corporate Finance have enabled me to understand the structural breakdown of a business and the difficulties we face in having a world trade system to accommodate the conflicting social economic classes.
Achieved a first class average for Chinese Elective, a second upper class for Applied Statistics for Economics and Finance.Assistant Manager, Corporate Services at Allen & Gledhill LLP.
- To work independently with minimal supervision on a day-to-day basis.
-Provide corporate secretarial advice to a portfolio of Singapore and Foreign Companies.
-Regularly review the work progress updated in the portfolio listings.
• Portfolio Management: Handling a portfolio of locally incorporated and foreign corporate clients in attending to their corporate secretarial matters which include incorporation, registration, amalgamation and the administration of companies, statutory compliance, and liaison with ACRA;.
• Work with corporate lawyers in providing corporate secretarial support in transaction and project work;.
• Application of Employment Pass, S-Pass and Work Permit via EPOL with Ministry of Manpower.
• Portfolio Management: Handling a portfolio of locally incorporated and foreign corporate clients in attending to their corporate secretarial matters which include incorporation, registration, amalgamation and the administration of companies, statutory compliance, and liaison with ACRA;.
• Work with corporate lawyers in providing corporate secretarial support in transaction and project work;.
• Application of Employment Pass, S-Pass and Work Permit via EPOL with Ministry of Manpower.
• Client Servicing : Develop good working relations and networks with clients;.
• Portfolio Management: Managed more than 50 portfolios of corporate clients, in the area of advisory and compliance work in relation to the corporate matters;.
Clientele: LaSalle Investment Management Group of Companies, M+S Group of Companies (Joint venture with Mapletree and Capitaland), STX Pan Ocean Singapore and etc.
• Compliances: Statutory filings with ACRA and release announcements via SGXNET;.
• Communication: Liaise with external regulators and advisors, such as lawyers and auditors;.
• Attended management meetings including Committee and Annual General Meetings and minutes taking;.
• Assist in scrutineers’ work and immigration matters including application of Employment Passes, S-Passes and Work Permit via EPOL with Ministry of Manpower.
• Advertising sales- Developed new business opportunities and sales quota achieved.
• Client servicing- Managed good relationship with clients.
• Project Management- Kota Kinabalu International Airport (KKIA) Samsung Video Wall Project.
• Kota Kinabalu International Airport Concession - Tendered for Kota Kinabalu International Airport Management Concession.
• Accounts handled- Samsung Malaysia, Haier Electronics, Dijaya Berhad and Palmgold Berhad._______________Personal Details______________________.
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) (BA (HONS)) Business With Law with Second Class Honours (Lower Division) Northumbria University.
Advanced Diploma in Management – Kaplan Higher Education Institute.
Handling a portfolio of Singapore Private Companies on all aspects of corporate secretarial.
Current Position  : Head of Corporate Services and Business Development.
Handling a portfolio of Singapore Private Companies on all aspects of corporate secretarial.
Handling a portfolio of Singapore Private Companies on all aspects of corporate secretarial.
Employer : Orangefield Trust Singapore Pte Ltd (Merger with Vistra).
Current Position  : Senior Corporate Secretarial Executive.
Liaising and advise client on company formation, company statutory administrations,.
work passes and other aspects of corporate secretarial matter.
Handling corporate secretarial aspects of Fund Entities, Singapore and Offshore companies such as :.
Prepare corporate documents such as board, shareholders, investment resolutions and minutes relating to the business of the funds group of entities. - Assist with completing and coordinating documentation closings for business transactions.
Proven track of work competency. Promoted to Manager position within the  company during the Merger with VISTRA.
Demonstrates independency in handling a portfolio of local & offshore client.
Proven track of work competency. Promoted to Senior position 16 months with the  company.
Liaising and handling with aspects of corporate secretarial matter for a portfolio of.
Setup of New Trust and related administration work of a Trustee Company.
Leading 2 junior officers, providing on the job guidance to groom them for further  opportunities .
Demonstrates analytical skills and problem solving skills to achieve corporate objectives.
Displays initiation in acquiring new skill to face new demands in job scope.
Main Duties (in addition to existing duties from previous position).
Liaising with customers in view of their requirements for our services.
Preparation of financial statements and simple tax computations (personal and corporate).
Job Duties : General Admin Duties, Admin Aspects of Corporate Secretarial matters, preparation of resolutions and minutes, managing and maintaining secretarial records and registers.
Other Duties : Debtor Listings, Credit Control, Data Entry, Invoicing, Preparation of correspondences.
B.S. Lim & Co. (Associated with New Frontier Consultants Pte Ltd).
Job Duties : Answering Phonecalls, General Admin Duties, typing of audit reports,, sending mails and arranging courier, banking of cheques, purchase of office refreshments.Personal assistant of Deputy Director   March 2015-July 2016.
▪Assisting deal with client relations management, processing customers’   database maintenance and updating.
▪Handling clients and Leading clients successfully complete business negotiation.
▪Helping superior manage team members and team building, communicating with different team roles and convey information, helping team members solve their problems.
▪Setting up financial & marketing meetings and Recording minutes of meeting.
▪Preparing materials for business talk and collating documents.
▪Arranging superior’s schedule and organizing relevant staff complete the task.
Assistant of the Credit Management Department   Feb2013-Apr2013.
Intern reporter of the Network Editorial Department   Jul2010- Sep 2010.
Languages: Mandarin (mother tongue); English (proficient); Cantonese (proficient).
Certificates: Pass IIQE 1 3 5; IELTS 6.5; National Computer Rank Examination Ⅱ Visual FoxPro (Database Management).
·First Prize Scholarship of Jilin University of Finance & Economics for 2 times.
·Three-virtues Student of Jilin University of Finance & Economics.
·Excellent College Student Cadre of Jilin University of Finance & Economics.
·The Honorable Mention of the 1th IPA International Photography Contest Landscape Group.
·The Second Prize of the 7th National Literary Works Contest for College Student.
·The Outstanding Planning Prize of the 2th National Network Edit Skill Contest.
Essay published: Chinese Facebook Renren profiting model on SME Management & Technology.2 years of experience in corporate secretarial and administration work with exposure in incorporation, compliance and client management in private limited companies, Singapore.
Completed the ICSA course from the Chartered Secretaries Institute of Singapore (f.k.a. SAICSA).
Grad. ICSA, from Chartered Secretaries Institute of Singapore (f.k.a. SAICSA).
Grades: Distinction in Corporate Administration, Merit in Corporate Law, Corporate Secretaryship and Corporate Governance.
Professional certificate in “Corporate Credit Approval” from SMU, Singapore, 2013.
Areas Covered: Corporate Banking, Credit Risk Assessment and Trade finance.
B.Com (Marketing & Advertising), University of Madras, India, 2004.
Delegation of work to team members on a daily basis and assisting them in handling client queries.
Handling enquiries from branches relating to incorporation, compliance, application of waiver, change of agents, etc.
Providing assistance in notarization of documents and attestation from embassies.
Coordinating with auditors and tax officers in filing annual returns and striking off of companies, respectively.
Analyzing processes and suggesting process improvement measures.
Providing corporate secretarial and administrative support to clients in incorporation of companies in Singapore.
Following up with clients pertaining to Post-Incorporation matters.
Preparing and maintaining share registers and minutes book in compliance with the laws.
E-Filing with ACRA towards annual return, allotment and transfer of shares, cancellation and repurchase of treasury shares, conversion of share capital currency, change of officers, satisfaction of charge, notice of resolution, application for striking off, etc.
Preparing Annual General Meeting ("AGM") documents and keeping track on the AGM and Annual Return deadline of Private Companies.
Preparing directors’ resolutions, members’ resolutions, special resolutions, minutes, proxy forms, Certificate of Corporate Representative, notice of meeting, etc.
Facilitator – Innovation, Creativity and Entrepreneurship Training (Schools Division).
Facilitate trainers in delivery of financial literacy and entrepreneurship classes in primary and secondary schools and monitor participating teams in execution of training assignments.
Focus on documentation of training classes aimed at implementation of process improvement initiatives.
Coordinate with trainers in delivering high quality training. Collate feedback on training sessions from students.
Performing “Root Cause Analysis” of customer complaints on a daily basis and fixing process gaps to ensure superior service delivery standards and reduction in complaints.
Preparing reports on card processing to enhance approval rate in specific regions and publishing newsletter on performance of Service Delivery unit to senior management.
Ensuring compliance to RBI (Reserve Bank of India) guidelines.
Reviewing customer communication for clarity and adequacy.
Conducting credit review of applications aimed at minimizing portfolio delinquency.
Verifying application data, supporting documents & Contact point verification reports.
Coordinating with Risk & Debt departments in conducting internal & external defaulter checks.
# 09-252, Block 211, Bukit Batok Street 21, Singapore – 650211.
Email: nisha.sendhilkumar@gmail.com; Contact: +65 90379131.(serving Hong Leong Finance Limited, Hong Leong Holdings Limited, Hong Realty (Private) Limited and its group of companies).
Working under Hong Leong Management Services Pte. Ltd. to serve 1 public listed company, 1 public company and more than 50 private limited companies;.
Research and report to superior on the ad hoc assignment such as the new implementation of phase I and II ACRA Bizfile system;.
Manage assignment assigned by superiors and allocate to subordinate, where applicable;.
Monitoring secretarial and administrative works which delegated to subordinate;.
Preparation and checking the dividend list, dividend voucher and issuance of cheque;.
Collaborate or Liaison with internal staff for different assignment;.
Monitoring the AGM timelines and coordinating with the internal staff for account and XBRL for the lodgment of Annual Return with ACRA on time;.
Liaising hotel arrangement for the Annual General Meeting;.
Drafting and/or reviewing the Directors’ Resolutions in Writing;.
Preparation of meeting materials for Special/ Board of Directors’ meeting, Audit Committee Meeting (with/ without auditors and management), Remuneration Committee Meeting, Risk Management Committee Meeting, Nominating Committee Meeting and drafting minutes;.
Monitoring list of Section 156(5) of Companies Act, Chapter 50, Section 21B(3) of the Finance Companies Act, Chapter 108 and MAS Notice 808 in relation to the Directors’ Disclosure;.
Maintaining various lists for several companies applicable to the operation such tender list, bank list and ESOS list;.
Drafting notice of meetings and preparation of attendance list;.
Coordinating with the personal assistant from the Directors for the logistics and monitoring the timelines to deliver the meeting papers;.
Managing and maintenance of variety portfolios including 1 public listed company and more than 50 private limited companies (including Singapore branch and EPC);.
Monitoring the AGM timelines by coordinating with the clients, account and XBRL department for the lodgment of Annual Return with ACRA on time;.
Drafting proposal and Letter of Engagement for new clients;.
Preparation of KYC checklist for new clients and perform World Check;.
Drafting and reviewing the Directors’ Resolutions in Writing, monitor the timeline of submission to the ACRA (if any) such as incorporation of companies, opening/closing bank accounts, allotment/ transfer of shares, changes of auditors, change of directors, application of striking off and etc;.
Perform e-stamping and issuance of shares certificate in accordance with the Companies Act, Cap. 50.;.
Managing all aspects of non-routine requests from clients such as by arranging notarisation, authentication, legalization and application of Employment Pass with Ministry of Manpower;.
Preparation of meeting materials for  Special/ Board of Directors’ meeting, Audit Committee Meeting (with/ without auditors and management), Remuneration Committee Meeting, Nominating Committee and drafting minutes.
Preparation and coordinating on the Directors’ Disclosure Form;.
Preparation the Board Assessment Form, Board Committees Form and Peers and Self Form and tabling the results to the meetings;.
Drafting notice of meetings and preparation of attendance list;.
Coordinating with the clients for the logistics and monitoring the timelines to deliver the meeting papers;.
Drafting announcements such as General Announcement (Joint Venture, change in the board structure), Change in Corporation Information (incorporation of subsidiaries, disposal of subsidiaries, change of register of members and index is kept), Announcement of Appointment, Announcement of Cessation, Notification of Results Release, Financial Statements and other related documents (quarterly and full year result, emphasis of matter) Notice of Book Closure, Notice of AGM and EGM, Uploading Annual Report and Circular and etc.
Assisting in the preparation of Annual Report and Circular by checking and reviewing the Corporate Governance, Directors’ Profile, Key Executive Profile, Company Profile, Public Shareholding, Twenty largest shareholders and etc);.
Maintain and update in-house system such as updating view point;.
Co-ordinate and manage Board of Directors meetings by preparing/compiling/checking Board papers and monitoring all administrative matters such as issuing notices of meetings, arrangement of the venues, transportations, accommodations, coordinate with originators and presenters, monitoring the process of pre-meeting, meeting and post-meeting of Board meetings are as follows:-.
Receiving and/or preparing Board papers from the relevant departments;.
Monitor and ensure that corporate secretarial support are in accordance with the requirements of the governance structure and any local rules and regulations;.
Co-ordinate and ensure the compilation of meeting papers is align with the final agenda;.
Review Board of Directors matters arising updates to ensure follow-through action from Management and updates given are of good quality; and.
Monitor and guide the process of drafting, reviewing and arranging minutes of Board of Directors meeting and Board's Circular Resolution (if necessary).
Involved in vetting and commenting any documents for corporate exercises and to assist in the preparation of submission of forms and/or documents to regulatory, i.e. to provide certified true copies of resolutions and minutes, and statutory documents etc. To co-ordinate and liaise with the Company’s Operational department, lawyers, auditors, and so forth in managing the corporate exercise.
Apart from handling on the Board matters, I had been assigned to handle the enhancement of Corporate Governance and assist on any ad-hoc projects in the Company. It includes the following assignments/tasks:-.
To study, analyze and provide comments on the concept papers from Bank Negara Malaysia.
To handle the projects such as the implementation of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 2010 (FATCA) of US and Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) of Malaysia. Monitor and update the changes of organization structure to Inland Revenue Services of United States based on its requirements of FATCA compliant entities. For PDPA, attending internal course.
and training, to liaise and co-operate with the appointed auditors for providing and verifying information to determine the Company’s PDPA compliance status.
To study and understand the requirement of Financial Services Act and Islamic Financial Services Act 2013.
Comparing the requirement between Bank Negara Malaysia guideline, Maybank Group Policies and as well as Etiqa Group policies and ensure the Company is referring and/or complying with the relevant rules and regulation.
Co-ordinate with Auditors to identify and classify the encountered issues.
Monitor and assign the job task to subordinate on the assignment of deadlines for re-appointment of directors for companies regulated by Bank Negara Malaysia and prepare the relevant documentations in connection therewith.
Assist in the preparation and organizing members’ meeting and attend to the liquidation and dissolution of companies.
Prepare and file relevant statutory forms and returns with the Companies Commission Malaysia (CCM) in compliance all statutory requirements and all requirements of the Memorandum & Articles of Association of the companies and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, i.e. CCM, Bursa Malaysia, SC, BNM, MOF, etc.
Preparing the assessment report for Annual Board Assessment, Fit and Proper Report for Key Responsible Persons. Upon collecting the data, generate and perform a report or meeting papers to be tabled in the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subsequent to the Board or necessary parties.
By monitoring and providing the results of CTOS and Bankruptcy Search on the assessment of Key Responsible Persons based on the criteria Fitness and Propriety.
To prepare announcement to Bursa Malaysia in relation to any matters of Etiqa which materialised and affect the Parent Company i.e. Maybank, as regulated under the Main Market Listing Requirement.
Assisting for incorporation of new entities in foreign countries by preparing Bursa Announcement, review statutory documents and providing advisory services based on the compliance of the local rules and regulations.
Position Title (Level) : Secretarial Assistant (Junior Executive).
1) Creating a new job code and preparing all the necessary new files and statutory books for new clients.
2) Generating bills as per client’s letter of offer and coordinating with finance department for issuing the bill.
3) Monitoring the outstanding balance by clients and sending outstanding remainder if necessary.
4) Collaborate with admin staff for monitoring the conditions of files and suggest for storage if necessary;.
5) Receive, segregate and perform any incoming administration works. To ensure the achievement of efficiency (complete in stipulated timelines) and effectiveness (complete with quality) on the assigned job;.
6) To follow up with clients the status after delivered any documents or the satisfaction of services; and.
7) Solve clients’ problem with the guidance of supervisory level staff.
Preparation of Minutes Representation Letter and furnish statutory documents to auditors upon request;.
2) Draft Directors' Circular Resolution, Members’ Circular Resolution and any relevant forms, as follows:.
x) Revocation and appointment of corporate representatives;.
3) Update Minutes Book, Secretarial Files, Register of Book and etc;.
4) Assist in preparing of Announcement for Public Listed Companies, as follows:.
i) Monitoring the timeline of submission of ICULS and ESOS to Bursa Malaysia;.
iv) Preparing Semi-Annual Return (for Main Market) and Annual Return (for ACE Market);.
v) General Announcement in relation to Chapter 14 Dealing during/Outside close period of directors or principal officer, Section 135;.
vi) Drafting announcement on timber log production figures on monthly basis; and.
5) Attend Board Meeting, Audit Committee Meeting and Nomination and Remuneration Meeting;.
7) Prepare Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) documents and Annual Return;.
8) Reminders on AGM and closed period for quarterly results and etc;.
10) Drafting Notice of Board of Directors’ Meeting and Committee Members’ Meeting; and.
Position Title (Level) : Admin. Executive (Fresh / Entry Level).
Relationship : Ex-Company Secretary in Maybank Ageas Holdings Berhad and Group of   Companies.
Company  : Maybank Ageas Holdings Berhad, Etiqa Insurance & Takaful Berhad.
Relationship : Ex-supervisor in Tricor Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd.
Current Position : Associate Director of Corporate Secretarial Services.
Institute/University : Liverpool John Moores University, United Kingdom.
Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma of Business Studies/Administration/Management.
Institute/University : Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Malaysia.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Converted to SAICSA (now known as CSIS) Associateship on 23 October 2015.
Subjects took during advance diploma in Tunku Abdul Rahman College:.
1) Business Management Society of Tunku Abdul Rahman – Auditor.
2) Class Representative of Advanced Diploma of Business Management, Diploma of Business Administration and Certificate of Business Administration of Tunku Abdul Rahman College.
I was involved in the internship programme during the first year semester break i.e. 3 months. I had been assigned by the College to a management firm. The major job functions during the training period were to assist Company Secretary in retrieving, arranging, and filing the necessary information by using Boss Secretarial Software. Besides that, I was also assigned in doing Form E, Form B, Form BE and the sole proprietor's account.Senior Associate, 1)  Handled a portfolio of 150 entities for international clients from Corporate   Latin America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Spoke to clients/intermediaries and advised on the various structuring options in terms of balancing the accounts for the Mexican and Indonesian UBOs which includes the redemption of preference shares, capital reduction, declaration of interim dividends, novation of various loan agreements, transfer and allotment of shares and divesting of investments in subsidiaries as a result of the tax amnesty regime that was instituted in the respective countries.
Spoke to and advise a Polish MNC in setting up a Company in Singapore as an Asia Pacific trading hub with special attention to the BEPs framework which Singapore is a party to. Liaised with the banks to open the Company’s bank accounts and was recommended by the client to be a signatory to the Company’s trade services account as the Company’s clients general pay for goods by Letters of Credit and is dependent on the incumbent to prepare and check the various packing list, invoices and bill of exchange before submitting to the bank for processing.
Personally handled the corporate actions requirements for the seed funding of a Vietnamese client’s technology company by one of UOB’s investment subsidiary for an amount of USD3,000,000.00. Perused the Investment Agreement & Shareholder’s Agreement and came up with the scope of work needed to fulfil the conditions of the Investment Agreement before capitalisation of the investment could be occur.
This amounted to some SGD16,000.00 worth of work which includes the conversion of preference shares to ordinary shares, adoption of the Constitution of the Company, the institution of various agreements as mandated by the Investment Agreements, the re-denomination of the share capital, change of auditors, amongst others.
Carried out the conversion of a Spanish client’s private limited company to a public company as they have exceeded the threshold of 50 shareholders for a private limited company, including drafting of the various extraordinary general meeting papers for the conversion, appointment of auditors and the SILOP.
Carried out a short form amalgamation of United States technology company including drafting of all declarations as required by the Companies Act, solvency statement, extraordinary general meeting for both the amalgamating companies. Filed the ensuing amalgamation filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.
Advised clients on the liquidation process and have engaged various liquidators to assist with the clients’ liquidation needs. Liaise with the liquidators on the various documentation needed by the liquidators.
Handled the routine statutory requirements with regards to the Annual General Meeting of all the Companies, change of director/company secretaries, filing of extension of time to file Annual Returns, filing of charge, liaisons with external counsel to apply to the court to file charge out of time. Drafting of various directors’ and members’ resolutions and meeting including, inter alia, re-denomination of share capital, conversion of redeemable preference shares to ordinary shares, divestment of a major asset of an entity, capital reduction, amalgamation, entering into various agreements, investment in subsidiaries.
Handled employment pass applications and liaisons with various governmental agencies like the Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority, Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore, Ministry of Manpower, Immigration and Checkpoint Authority and Singapore Customs with regards to the administration of the companies.
Handled bank payments for clients in light of the Anti-Money Laundering Act and Anti-Terrorism Funding initiatives as most of clients’ uses the Company’s nominee director services. Also assisted clients in opening bank accounts with various local banks.
Supervise and taught junior colleagues in the various corporate secretarial functions in relation to the Companies Act needed to maintain these local companies.
Minute taker of the Company’s week Client Acceptance Committee meetings.
Carry out all necessary KYC checks and documentations of new and existing clients.
Troubleshooting legal problems together with in-house legal counsel as the communication lines with international clients/intermediaries are very truncated which results in a lack of corporate action on compliance and governance issues and which results in the need to solve these issues within the ambit of legality in Singapore.
Involved in serving customers in a banquet and restaurant setting.
Organised and directed the setting up of buffet lines, serving customers in both the banquet and cafe setting.
National Museum of Singapore: School volunteer as a museum tour guide and exhibit guide for different events from the period of 2007 to 2008.
Volunteer for their Official Opening of the Museum and Racial Harmony Event.
Hosted the Award Ceremony for The Red Cross Blood Donor Recognition Award Ceremony 2006 & 2007.
Office:  Ability to multi-task and analyse, quick to learn, able to both lead and follow in a team, has initiative and is committed.
Language: Very fluent in spoken and written English. Able to converse in Mandarin, Foochow and sparingly in Hokkien.
Computer:  Windows, Microsoft Office, Open Office, BGL Corporate Affairs System, Proficient in Internet research, acquainted with Lawnet, Electronic Filing System, ACRA, EPOnline, ICA, IRAS and E-litigation filing. Ability to learn and use new software quickly. Tech savvy individual with limitless appetite for new technology and software to assist with the daily management of workflow.
Assisted in the running of the company, which includes but not limited to ensuring that training support is always in place, resolving pay issues and maintaining the company’s databases,  troubleshooting human resource and logistical problems that arises from day to day operations. Maintained discipline throughout the company by suggesting and implementing disciplinary policies.
Am a direct personal assistant to the Officer Commanding and Company Sergeant Major and have assisted them in their duties to the company including planning for company outfield exercise. Have also recorded various minutes of meeting on a company and battalion level. On behalf of my superiors, I have also planned and organised various events and am experienced in tendering and acquisition for events through the Geebiz software and liaising with the finance department.
Provided administrative and general office support which includes answering of telephones, photocopying, laminating, binding, organizing papers, files and distributing mail.
Delegated tasking and coached my team to handle and assist in different office and administrative functions.
Trained trainee leaders in the handling of the different weapons that is used on the various armour platforms. Have also supervised the live firing of these weapons to ensure maximum safety standards.
Handled a portfolio of 34 Singapore Private Limited Companies, providing the full spectrum of corporate secretarial support to clients. It includes ensuring that the statutory and compliance issues that are bounded by the Companies Act and the Companies’ Memorandum and Articles of Association are met. This encompasses the timely lodgement of Annual General Meeting / Extraordinary General Meeting documents, Change of Auditors / Directors / Corporate Shareholders / Secretary and the e-filing of Annual Returns with ACRA.
Assisted in the amendment of various Companies’ Memorandum and Articles of Association and preparation of board packs and minutes.
Kept accurate statutory records in the Companies’ Registers and Minute Book. Assisted in the drafting of Directors’ Resolutions In Writing, SGXNET announcements, letters and email to clients. Also assisted clients’ to notarise, legalise and attest documents at the Notary Public, Singapore Academy of Law, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and at various Embassies’ in Singapore.
Answered clients’ query with regard to the Companies Act in respect of compliance issues over the phone and through correspondences. Involved in general administrative responsibilities like postage, couriering, liaising with accounts department.
Instrumental in helping in part to set up the Company’s new Corporate Accounting System including the setting up of house templates and to prepare the transition of the department to a new system.
Assisted equity partners, partners and associates in transnational legal matters including but not limited to:-.
A listing of a Singapore public company on Nasdaq stock market in the United States of America.
Worked on various transactions for multinational corporations like alteration of Memorandum and Article of Association, redemption of preference shares, capital reduction, change of company name, filing of charges, striking off of Company, notarization of documents, incorporation of joint venture company and perusing shareholders agreement, transfer of shares, Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore stamp duty filingl.
Assisted in the handling of a listed company on the SGX. Official minute taker for the Audit Committee, Board of Directors, Risk Management Committee and Remuneration Committee Meetings. Draft announcement for release through SGXNet.
Assisted in applying, renewing and cancelling employment passes, dependent passes, student passes for clients on the Ministry of Manpower EPOnline website and the Immigration and Checkpoint Authority website.
Also assisted the whole corporate secretarial department in transitioning to new corporate secretarial software by creating the whole library of precedent in the Corporate Affairs System.
Handled a portfolio of 65 Singapore private limited companies ranging from investment fund company, electronics and engineering firms, construction company, entrepreneurial start-ups and daily administrative duties including maintaining the companies' statutory registers and minute books including the electronic and physical minute books.
Receive, sort and redirect mail to clients who use our office as their registered address and other administrative duties.To develop a sound career path in company secretarial field and accumulate valuable experience in listed company.
Cert for Module (The HKICS Examinations Preparatory Programme - Hong  Feb 2017 – May 2017.
Cert for Module (The HKICS Examinations Preparatory Programme -  Jun 2016 – Aug 2016.
Cert for Module (The HKICS Examinations Preparatory Programme - Hong    Jun 2015 – Aug 2015.
Cert for Module (The HKICS Examinations Preparatory Programme -  Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 Corporate Financial Management).
Concentration: Business Economics and Financial Economics.
S.K.H. LAM WOO MEMORIAL SECONDARY SCHOOL (F.6 –F.7)  Hong Kong.
S.K.H. LAM WOO MEMORIAL SECONDARY SCHOOL (F.1 –F.5)  Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Financial Accounting (Waived) Dec 2015 Diet Corporate Financial Management (Passed) Dec 2015 Diet Hong Kong Taxation  (Passed) Jun 2016 Diet.
Strategic Operations Management  (Passed) Jun 2016 Diet Corporate Secretaryship  (Passed) Dec 2016 Diet Corporate Law (Waiting for result) Sit in Jun 2017 Diet.
Corporate Administration  (Waiting for result) Sit in Jun 2017 Diet.
Equiom Corporate Services (Hong Kong) Limited  Jun 2015 – now.
Duties:   To provide full spectrum of company secretarial services for over 300 client.
companies incorporated in Hong Kong, BVI, Cayman Island, Seychelles, Samoa and Saint Lucia.
Duties:   Be responsible for documentary works like preparing contracts, tender papers and.
Duties:   To perform secretarial and administrative duties such as drafting company documents,.
issuing routine cheques and undertaking human resources work.
Duties:   To record data using SAP system, help issuing debit notes and assist with daily.
Using common office applications (MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access).
Using CSA Professional System / CSA Expert System, Acumen, Navision.
Participation of Mass Cardio-pulmonary Resuscitation Training.
The Economic Society, Shaw College, CUHK   Promotion Executive.
English Award Scheme: Certificate of Individual Performance.Senior Associate at Vistra Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd.I have more than 9 years working experience in the area of secretarial wherein I have gained the wide range of exposures in a diverse range of companies/industries. I see myself as a positive individual who possess several qualities which may benefit your organization. I am self disciplined and confident in the works I do and will strive to be creative and resourceful for your organization. I am able to work independently as well as a team. Therefore, I believe with the skills and character I have, I will be able to excel and add value to your organization.
[2008– present]                Tricor WP Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. - Singapore.
Assisting clients in setting up new entities ranging from private to public companies, branch of foreign company, representative office, limited partnership etc as well as providing advices to clients from private, public companies and real estate investment trust to ensure compliance with the Companies Act, Stock Exchange Listing Requirements, Code of Corporate Governance, Collective Investment Schemes, other regulations and code of practice.Involved in various corporate exercises such as share buyback, redemption of preference shares, reduction of share capital, amendments to Memorandum and Articles of Association, etc.
Organising and administering meetings of shareholders, Board of Directors and sub-committee of Board of Directors, and minutes writing.
Maintenance of statutory records and responsible for shares related matters.
Assisting expatriates in the application, appeal and cancellation for employment passes, dependant passes, long-term social visit pass and letter of consent.
Assisting in registration of licence with Singapore Customs.
Providing scrutineering services to listed companies in Singapore at their AGM/EGM.
Acting as named secretary for public listed company and private limited companies.
[2006– 2008]                Corporate Management Services Pte. Ltd. - Singapore.
[2006 – 2006]  Zee2Zee Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. – Singapore.
The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators examination.
_________________________________________________________________________.
The Institute of Chartered Secretary and Administrator, ICSA -.
Handling a group of portfolio which including drafting resolution, attending meeting for respective companies, filing the necessary lodgement with ACRA, drafting announcement and releasing the same to the public, application of employment pass and all other related passed with MOM and performing all other ad hoc jobs including scrutineering services and acts as named secretary for listed company and private limited companies.
Handling a group of portfolio which including drafting resolution, attending meeting for respective companies, filing the necessary lodgement with ACRA, drafting announcement and releasing the same to the public, application of employment pass and all other related passed with MOM and performing all other ad hoc jobs.
Handling a group of portfolio which including drafting resolution, attending meeting for respective companies, filing the necessary lodgement with ACRA, drafting announcement and releasing the same to the public, application of employment pass and all other related passed with MOM and performing all other ad hoc jobs.Room 1002, 10/F, Shing Choi House, Tin Shing Court, Tin Shui Wai, N.T.
Room 1002, 10/F, Shing Choi House, Tin Shing Court, Tin Shui Wai, N.T.
Room 1002, 10/F, Shing Choi House, Tin Shing Court, Tin Shui Wai, N.T.
Room 1002, 10/F, Shing Choi House, Tin Shing Court, Tin Shui Wai, N.T.
Providing company secretarial assistances to companies incorporated in Hong Kong, the BVI and the Cayman Islands etc. which conduct businesses in various industries, including retail, aviation, energy exploitation etc.
Providing company secretarial assistances to companies incorporated in Hong Kong, the BVI and the Cayman Islands etc. which conduct businesses in various industries, including retail, aviation, energy exploitation etc.
Providing company secretarial assistances to companies incorporated in Hong Kong, the BVI and the Cayman Islands etc. which conduct businesses in various industries, including retail, aviation, energy exploitation etc.
Handling full range of secretarial works of Hong Kong private companies, including their initial set up, occasional change of directors, transfer of share(s) and liquidation etc.
Handling full range of secretarial works of Hong Kong private companies, including their initial set up, occasional change of directors, transfer of share(s) and liquidation etc.
Handling full range of secretarial works of Hong Kong private companies, including their initial set up, occasional change of directors, transfer of share(s) and liquidation etc.
Assisting in the preparation of documents to listed companies for their Annual General Meeting, Board and Committee Meetings and reviewing Announcements, Circulars, Notices and Reports when required.
Assisting in the preparation of documents to listed companies for their Annual General Meeting, Board and Committee Meetings and reviewing Announcements, Circulars, Notices and Reports when required.
Assisting in the preparation of documents to listed companies for their Annual General Meeting, Board and Committee Meetings and reviewing Announcements, Circulars, Notices and Reports when required.
Opening bank accounts and conducting annual account review for clients.
Opening bank accounts and conducting annual account review for clients.
Opening bank accounts and conducting annual account review for clients.
Handling cases with complicate corporate structure, which a Trust is involved.
Handling cases with complicate corporate structure, which a Trust is involved.
Handling cases with complicate corporate structure, which a Trust is involved.
Coordinating / liaising with internal departments / regulatory bodies and professional parties when necessary.
Coordinating / liaising with internal departments / regulatory bodies and professional parties when necessary.
Coordinating / liaising with internal departments / regulatory bodies and professional parties when necessary.
Arranging statutory filing as required under Companies Ordinance and maintaining proper statutory records of companies.
Arranging statutory filing as required under Companies Ordinance and maintaining proper statutory records of companies.
Arranging statutory filing as required under Companies Ordinance and maintaining proper statutory records of companies.
Conducting the programs in Cantonese, English or Putonghua.
Conducting the programs in Cantonese, English or Putonghua.
Conducting the programs in Cantonese, English or Putonghua.
(*will be a graduate after passing the subject of Corporate Secretaryship in the IQS Examination).
(*will be a graduate after passing the subject of Corporate Secretaryship in the IQS Examination).
(*will be a graduate after passing the subject of Corporate Secretaryship in the IQS Examination).
Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) in Accounting (Upper Second Class Honors).
Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) in Accounting (Upper Second Class Honors).
Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) in Accounting (Upper Second Class Honors).
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA).
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA).
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA).
Organizing activities in 3 dimensions: leadership training, civil education and social services.
Organizing activities in 3 dimensions: leadership training, civil education and social services.
Organizing activities in 3 dimensions: leadership training, civil education and social services.
Kowloon Chamber of Commerce & Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Kowloon Chamber of Commerce & Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Kowloon Chamber of Commerce & Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Understanding different cultures from students studying in the Mainland Chian, Macau and Taiwan.
Understanding different cultures from students studying in the Mainland Chian, Macau and Taiwan.
Understanding different cultures from students studying in the Mainland Chian, Macau and Taiwan.
Participating in business related talks and field visit to broaden horizon about Hong Kong trading business.
Participating in business related talks and field visit to broaden horizon about Hong Kong trading business.
Participating in business related talks and field visit to broaden horizon about Hong Kong trading business.
Spoken: Excellent in Cantonese, Good in English, Good in Putonghua.
Spoken: Excellent in Cantonese, Good in English, Good in Putonghua.
Spoken: Excellent in Cantonese, Good in English, Good in Putonghua.Date of Birth: 15-05-1987   Marital Status: Married  Gender: Male      Nationality: Chinese.
Accounting Software: Dac-easy, QuickBooks, Peachtree, MYOB.
01/01/2016 – 31/12/2016 Senior Corporate Services Officer.
01/01/2017 – Present        Assistant Manager, Corporate Services.
Handle Hong Kong and offshore company secretarial matters (manage around 220 private companies).
Deliver quality and professional secretarial services to clients, including but not limited to, change of directors or secretaries, allotment of shares, shares transfer, repurchase of shares, alteration in M&A, change of company name and filing of charges.
Attend to the formalities to ensure the companies are in good standing and complied with the local laws.
Practical experience in  incorporating companies in Hong Kong, United Kingdom, Vietnam, India, British Virgin Islands.
Address clients' enquiries and prepare tailor-made proposal for new clients   Explore opportunities by cross-selling.
Provide professional secretarial services to clients for companies in HK and offshore jurisdictions.
Schedule the preparation of AR and AGM to meet deadlines for HK companies.
Attend to annual requirements, e.g. AR and AGM, for HK companies.
Assist clients in attending to ad hoc secretarial exercises, for various jurisdictions including change of directors or secretaries, transfer of shares, alteration in M&A, alteration in share capital and allotment of shares, change of company name and filing of charges.
Handle renewal of annual license fees in various jurisdictions.
Handle clients' enquiries and assist in preparing proposal for new clients.
Manage a portfolio of Hong Kong companies by providing corporate, business, management and administration services.
Build up opportunities by promoting corporate secretarial, accounting, taxation and other value-added services to Mainland clients and intermediaries.
Grow the size of the existing portfolio by promoting corporate secretarial, accounting, taxation and other value-added services.
Provide a full range of accounting, administration work in Finance Department.
Analyze, interpret and provide commentary on financial data.
Compare business results against budget, analyze income and expenditure.Provide day-to-day support of corporate secretarial work for offshore companies including but not limited to prepare/review resolutions/relevant documents of Directors and Shareholders, striking off/liquidation and manage a portfolios for the entities of the following jurisdiction: British Virgin Islands, Seychelles, Cayman, Samoa, Panama, Anguilla and Bahamas.
Handle wide spectrum of Corporate Secretarial work and attend to clients on Corporate Secretarial matters.
Liase with and advise clients on compliance requirements, ie. annual compliance and ongoing company administration matters.
Ensure corporate regulatory compliance with offshore jurisdictions and prescribed Due Diligence Know Your Client ("DDKYC").
Oversee smooth operation of the team, functions as a reviewer and as well as monitoring of receivables.
Provide supervision, coaching and guidance to the team members to serve clients professionally including review, coaching and staff development.
Takes initiative in improving workflow and department's operations.
Works closely with the Director of the Department and other team members.
Looking for better professional growth and work opportunities.
Specialization  : Development and operation of integrated destination resorts.
Ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements in Singapore   Provide corporate secretarial services and support for Genting Singapore PLC:-   Supporting Board/Committee meetings and Annual Reports preparation.
ESOS (as Primary Officer) – Preparing ALA forms, liaising with relevant parties for confirmations and follow up including regulatory filings such as SGX.
CRA notifications (as Covering Officer) – Preparing CRA notifications and submission to CRA.
Perpetual capital securities (as Covering Officer) – Assisting with relevant documentation including SGX announcement.
Provide corporate secretarial services and support for the entities in the following jurisdictions:-.
Primary: Hong Kong, Indonesia, Macau, Malaysia, Mongolia, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
Covering: Bermuda, Cayman, Genting Singapore PLC, Japan and United Kingdom.
Includes liaising with external service agents, notary public, attend to filings, supporting, update and maintenance of statutory registers etc. and handling other requests from time to time.
To do physical check, prepare and update master list on share certificates and common seals in the safe.
To upkeep housekeeping – scanning board resolutions for ERMS and check/update corporate profile.
To handle administration queries and tasks as may be required.
Preparation of departmental template as required - eg. corporate profile template.
Involved and coordinating CRA, ESOS, PSS and share buy-back cancellation.
Liase with Embassy of Mongolia for legalization of documents.
Managing and administering corporate secretarial practices in compliance with the statutory requirements.
Prepare pre and post, coordinate and attend Board of Directors’ Meeting, Annual General Meetings and internal meetings.
Preparation of resolutions, minutes of meetings, statutory documents, and other related documents.
Ensure proper update and maintenance of the statutory records and secretarial documents.
Formulating, advising and implementing policies and procedures to improve the overall efficiency of the secretarial department.
Attend internal meeting and ad-hoc assignments as specified by HOD from time to time.
Supervising and guiding subordinate(s) in performing their duties.
Liaising with other internal departments and external parties such as CCM, auditors and lawyer.
Arrange and coordinate for internal meeting, Board meeting and General Meeting.
Experience in motivating, training and guiding supporting staffs.
Preparation of Notices of Meetings of the Board of Directors.
Preparation of Notices and minutes of Annual General Meeting.
Attend Board of Directors’ Meeting, Audit Committees’ Meeting, Annual.
Preparation and filing of the necessary statutory returns/documents with the Companies Commission of Malaysia (“CCM”) as required by the Companies Act, 1965 (“Act”), Listing Requirement, Securities Commission and etc.
Liasing with the government authorities such as CCM and Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, bank and legal officers in respect of the company’s secretariat’s issue and related matters.
Advise the management and board on matters pertaining to statutory compliance requirements as prescribed under the various statutes, in particular, the Companies Act, 1965.
Drafting of announcements to Bursa Malaysia, circulars to shareholders and such other requisite documentation relating to any corporate exercise.
Upkeep and maintenance of the various Registers and Statutory records as required under the Act.
To report on billing or collection or activity on portfolio of clients.
Handling on public listed company i.e. announcement, listing requirement, attending meetings and etc.
Involving in preparation necessary application to Bank Negara Malaysia for issuance of Redeemable Preference Shares.
To ensure the necessary registers to be kept by the Companies Act are established and property updates and maintained;.
To ensure that all returns required to be lodged with the Register of Companies are prepared and filed within the appropriate time limit;.
To attend to the needs and requirements of the customers including the provision of certified true copies of documents, completion of forms and documents as may be requested by the customers;.
To prepare resolutions, necessary and relevant documents. Share certificates, and other incidental documents required by the customers and to follow up with such instructions and directions including filing of the signed copies into the minutes book and secretarial file;.
To assist customers in application of licenses and permits where relevant and if required to attend to queries from governmental bodies and to reply to such queries accordingly;.
To attend at government and/or customers’ office if required for the purpose of obtaining or extraction of information, search files with regards to the instructions and directions of the customers of the Company;.
To coordinate with other colleagues to ensure proper compliances of the statutory requirements and be responsive to the request of the customers;.
Performs and manage with a full spectrum of admin functions such as taking minutes, drafting and typing of letters, email and memos, answering phones.
calls and attending to faxes, mail and courier services; and   To ensure collection of fees for the work rendered.
To assist Company Secretary in application and renewal of working permit in immigration department.
Experience in application of personal tax registration with IRB.
Assist Company Secretary in corporate secretarial matters such as preparing resolutions, statutory forms and correspondence letters.
Responsible to handle Offshore Incorporation Company’s matter such like annual renewal and change of officers in the Company.
To control the filing deadline of statutory documents, update disbursement, preparing invoices.
Normal secretarial task i.e. preparing minutes, letters, arranging meetings, appointments, transportation and organize function of the Company.
Responsible to the Company’s trademarks i.e. search, registration, changes, renewal of trademark.
Correspond with government department i.e. CCM, Stamping office, Trademark office and with Bank officers and Lawyers.
Knowledge of reconstruction of the Company i.e. conversion of sole proprietorship to private company, capital reduction and liquidation.
Preparing common resolutions and statutory forms via check list.
For better career advancement opportunities and exposure.
Industry  :  Computer / Information Technologies (Software).
Secretarial function in arranging appointment, transportation, meeting, in between branch and main office.
To draft minutes and follow up on the relevant matters in branch office.
Dealing with office correspondence incoming and outgoing calls, faxes and documents.
To provide general administrative support to the department such as filing and other clerical administration.
Reporting and update to main office the activities in branch office.
To assist in coordinating interviews and maintain database of job applicants.
Seeking for career advancement and to continue further study.
Secretarial function in preparing the Company resolutions, statutory documents and forms with COSEC program.
Correspondence with government department –KWSP, SOCSO, IRB, ROB and ROC.
Responsibilities in general administrative works such like filing, arrange for job interview, incoming and outgoing calls and documents and familiar with office policies.
Update Company’s clients’ accounts with UBS software, keep track on the clients’ latest details, update records of disbursement, preparing invoices and chase outstanding amount.
Keeping track and report to management on staff records such as leave, over time, time cost and allowance claim.
Controlling Company’s petty cash, issuing cheques and official receipts; and payment voucher.
Follow up with the stock of materials purchased such as stationery, typewriter and others.
Handle and dealing with clients in relation to the common secretarial matters and preparing personal tax computation.
Provide management services i.e. business registration, changes in business and cessation of business, KWSP and SOCSO application and renewal of license.
Preparing a correspondence letters on behalf of the Company.
Answering phone calls, faxes, data entry, filing and arrange for an appointment.
Update and calculating the contract / sundry of workers’ wages.
Reason for Leaving :      Better challenges and job satisfaction.
To gain further exposure and experiences in order to build my career.
Knowledge of Companies Act, Income Tax Act, Labour Law, Unclaimed Money Act.
Address  :  Block 534, Ang Mo Kio Ave 10, #07-2513, Singapore 560534.
Address  :  Block 534, Ang Mo Kio Ave 10, #07-2513, Singapore 560534.
Address  :  Block 534, Ang Mo Kio Ave 10, #07-2513, Singapore 560534.
Address  :  Block 534, Ang Mo Kio Ave 10, #07-2513, Singapore 560534.Tel: +852 65795592 Address: RM 2706 BLK A Sunway Gardens, Quarry Bay.
Email:  liang.alison@outlook.com Availability:  Immediately, Full Time.
Brief Personal Profile: Outgoing, Sociable, Fast Learning; English and Cantonese, Native speaker of Mandarin,.
High tolerance of pressure, from diverse cultural backgrounds; Team Player; details-minded, result oriented.
EDUCATION City University of Hong Kong Hong Kong Major: Finance 2012-2016.
Relevant Coursework:  Corporate Finance  (Financial Forecasting);  Derivatives and Risk  Management;.
Trading  Room Workshop(VBA Project); Corporate Accounting; Econometrics  (Eviews); Merger and Acquisition.
Personal  Virtual Responsibility: Marketing and sales Director; Financial Forecasting; design the interface of the App.
Aug 2016-Present Assisted  the  manager to  prepare  presentation  slides;  prepared  meeting  minutes;  Used dictation  software  to increase the accuracy and efficiency of information entry.
Assisted Hall  Master  manage residence  daily issues;  Organized events  for residents;  Improved  the communications between residents; Worked as a Coordinator in inter-hall events and competitions; “Sold” more than 15 events.
Bank of communications, Fuzhou, Fujian - Foreign Exchange Internship June  – July 2014.
Assigned to  international  office; Assisted  clients to  open  oversea banking  accounts and  letter  of credits; Checked necessary documents; Assisted with foreign exchange trades reports.
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Exchange Student Club Hong Kong Exchange Ambassador Aug 2015 – Dec 2015.
Worked as coordinator in college events for exchange students; Improved the interactions between locals and exchange students; Promoted events; Helped exchange students to fit in local culture; meditated cultural misunderstandings between exchange students and locals.
Crowd-funding research Cheng Du, Sichuan Southwest University of Economics and Finance June, 2015.
Worked out the relationship between  the successful rates of crowd funding  projects and other related factors, such as the  academic backgrounds of the founders and so on.
Relevant Coursework: Project Finance, Financial Statement Analysis.
Delivered dishes to customers; Polished utensils; Laundry work.
Excel (VBA, Power Pivot), Office software; Orisis  and  BankScope  Database,  Bloomberg  Terminal,  E-views,  Yahoo  Finance and  SPSS  Statistics.
Mandarin (Native), English (IELTS 6.5), Cantonese (Fluent);.
City Youth Power: Teaching children from immigrant’s family Chinese (Cantonese).
PinkDot: Encourage participants to make donations (2021hkd donations in total).Seeking a post in the company secretary field where my specified and relevant abilities this field are successfully utilized.
2010 – 2013 The Open University of Hong Kong, Master of Corporate Governance.
2005 – 2007 Napier University, Bachelor of Art (Honours) Financial Services.
2002 – 2004 Utah State University, Associate of Science in General Studies.
1994-2002 HHCKLA Buddhist Ma Kam Chan Memorial English Secondary School, HKCEE & HKAL.
Provide full range of company secretarial supports to the Company Secretary for HK and overseas companies.
Prepare documents relating to board meeting and shareholders’ meeting.
Prepare statutory documents in changing directors, shareholders and bank signatories within the Group.
Follow up the winding up of companies in Hong Kong, PRC and various jurisdictions.
Liaise with external parties to ensure offshore companies complies with statutory requirements.
Fully responsible for the statutory filing and ensuring compliance with all relevant statutory and regulatory matters.
Maintained long-term relationship with high net worth customers and seek for chance of promoting new product.
Sold financial products including insurance, fund, equity-linked note and structured product to customers.
Maintained long-term relationship with high net worth customers and seek for chance of cross-selling.
Coordinated with factory and client on the production to meet the schedule.
Handled the account from product development to mass production.
Computer:  Proficiency in CSA (Expert & Professional version), Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint and Chinese Typing.
Languages: Native Cantonese, fluent in both written and spoken English and good in spoken Mandarin.Share registration officer with    nearly 3 years of experience, specialising in servicing listed clients. A driven and responsible individual, never to shy away from new responsibilities. Long term career goal is to assume responsibility of a team of my own.
Verify that internal operations comply with Standard Operating Procedures(SOP) and checklists.
Scrutinizing and investigating potential areas of non-compliance and escalating to higher  management.
Ensure listed companies’ compliance to statutory and regulatory obligations such as the  Companies Act, SGX Rules and SGX Regulations.
Perform Know Your Client (KYC) reviews for potential clients and routine reviews for existing clients.
Responsible for reviewing and updating SOPs regularly to improve results to clients.
Verification of Corporate Account Holders’ Tax Declaration Forms for Distributions.
Develop in-depth knowledge of clients and their respective industries to achieve client retention.
Validation of US W Forms to ensure compliance to Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act   (FATCA) for US based REIT.
Ensure the smooth and effective conduct of General Meetings of publicly listed clients.
Provide high level of client service by communicating and servicing clients proactively.
Utilizing Salesforce platform to create profiles for new clientele and updating existing clients.
Attend to stakeholders’ queries/complaints and ensure that potential conflicts of interests are dealt  with, in a timely and professional manner.
Ensure new hires are equipped with necessary knowledge by conducting in-depth training and  hands on experience.
Sound knowledge of operational processes to aid in audit reviews with clients’ auditors  Key Achievements and Deliverables.
Wrote SOP for Meeting Preparations and Registration and Polling.
Achieved 100% error free processing meetings during April and October 2016 meeting seasons.
Generated daily reports via Excel and in-house IT system to higher management.
Identified potential problems that might be faced during delivery of the items to customers by delivery  agent.
Actively communicated with overseas support team via Skype regarding issue faces and improvements     Worked under fast paced and high stress environment.
Worked on the installations all-fibre ultra-high-speed broadband fibre optics.
Generated access letters to clients, with subsequent follow up to finalize appointments.
Utilized SAP- Impact to create service orders/entries for project budget allocation and payment to  contractors.
Investigated and escalated customer complaints and perform front-line analysis and intervention when appropriate.
Utilized GTEC- NetViewer to generate plan-map of fibre optic project.
Aug    Generated Purchase orders and issued invoices       Utilized MYOB software.
Conducted research on Vietnamese students seeking education in Singapore and formulated           recommendations and reports based on the research.
Performed administration duties and handled parent teacher queries.
Took initiative and supported the company to ensure a smooth   transition between management                                   award.
Front Line and Call Centre department to attend to customer inquiries.
Required to attend to wide range of customers and communicated in both English and Tamil.
Liaised with SIM’s student council to negotiate about club funds.
Organized nationwide ‘Treasure Hunt’ for over 60 participants.
Head Project Manager, ‘Navyaata’ for International Student Night (ISN).
Collaborated with SIM Vietnamese Community Club to present a well-rounded show.
Worked with the school community to ensure smooth operations.
Conduct tours of the school for prospective parents and guests.
Participated in walkathons and runs that promote awareness.I have obtained the professional certification (ICSA) wiith Malaysia Institution of Chartered Secretary and Administrators (MAICSA) since August 2011, and currently, an associate (ACIS) with MAICSA.
I did my internship with an audit firm, as an Audit Assistance. I had been given opportunity to practise my accounting and taxation knowledge during the internship programme. The internship experience expanded my knowledge in a new area, Auditing. My responsibilities were auditing the company accounts by verifying the transactions and accounting entries, performing adjustment on accounting entry where necessary and liaise with clients on queries and supporting documents, assisting the whole process of audit to produce finalised annual report.
I had 3 years experience working in corporate services firm and have been woriking as in-house corporate secretarial role since 2014.
With a total of 5 years experience in both secretarial provider firm and in-house environment, I am willing to challenge myself in a more dynamic role of secretarial and even wider role which is value added to my current experience.
Executive – Corporate Secretarial at Jardine Cycle & Carriage Limited.
1. Provide support on all aspect of corporate secretariat works to both local and overseas companies in the group of companies.
5. Updating and maintaining statutory records of the companies.
3. Preparing documents in respect of allotment or transfer of shares, change of director or auditors, striking off etc.
4. Going through all the documents to ensure compliance of all relevant statutory or regulatory requirements are met (i.e.: Companies Act and Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association).
5. Attending to queries of clients regarding to the corporate secretarial compliance.
6. Managing timely filing (i.e.: Annual Return, Allotment of Shares, e-stamping, notice of resolution and any other filing requirement).
8. Updating and maintaining statutory records of the companies.
9. Applying work passes and liaising with MOM regarding to the work pass matters.
10. Assisting for drafting announcement and broadcasting the announcement to SGXnet.Address:                            Block 935 Yishun Central 1 #05-31 Singapore 760935.
A position with a leading organization, which allows me to fully optimize my many years of relevant experience in administration and secretarial duties in serving top management expatriates and overlooking overall office administration. To dedicate my service to the company with my approachable personality, quick learning ability, problem solving instinct, tact, initiative, independence and self-confidence.
VISTRA (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.              6th February 2017 – Current Manager, Corporate Secretarial.
Handling and provide day-to-day support in all corporate secretarial works for a portfolio of Offshore companies.
Responsible for ensuring that commitment to clients are followed-up in timely manner and to continually engage with clients.
Ensure corporate regulatory compliance with offshore jurisdictions and prescribed DDKYC.
Provision in the offshore corporate enactments, statutory reporting / filing and corporate governance.
Supervising proper updating and maintenance of statutory records and database.
15th September 2014 – 23 December 2016 Senior Executive, Corporate Secretarial.
Preparation of resolutions and minutes of members and board, meeting papers, arranging board, committee and shareholders’ meetings.
Ensuring regulatory compliance with relevant company legislations and regulations; maintaining corporate secretarial records and a disciplined system for corporate secretarial activities and standards.
Providing corporate secretarial support to the board and management.
Incorporating local and overseas companies and providing necessary corporate information to directors and management.
Attending to due diligence requirements of offshore jurisdictions.
Liaises with secretarial agents of Singapore and offshore/overseas jurisdictions    Liaises with lawyers on certification and notarization of documents.
TRISTAR MANAGEMENT SERVICES PTE. LTD.                                                         9th April 2007 – 4th September 2014 Assistant Manager – Corporate Secretarial.
Undertaking the full spectrum of corporate secretarial duties.
Liaise with and advise clients on company formation, company statutory administration, work passes, business licenses and related matters.
Supervise, manage, allocation of daily jobs request to junior employees and jobs reviewing.
Responsible for ensuring that commitment to clients are followed-up in timely manner and to continually engage with clients.
Manage and maintain a portfolio of Singapore business entities administered on behalf of clients   Prepare and lodge documents with ACRA, MOM, IRAS and other statutory bodies as required.
Streamline all workflow processes within my responsibility areas to ensure prompt and professional service.
Maintain statutory records and update database in BGL CAS Corporate compliance software for the.
Sending reminder letters on the due date for holding Annual General Meeting and submission of Annual Return to ACRA.
Responsible for managing a portfolio of clients & liaising with clients on all areas of corporate secretarial matters:.
Preparation of Incorporation, Post-Incorporation & Takeover documents.
Business Registration Services (Sole Proprietorships and Partnerships).
Change of Directors, Managers, Auditors and Company Secretaries.
Filing of e-forms with ACRA and e-stamping of transfer forms.
Home Nursing Foundation                              June 2004 – Dec 2004                Receptionist cum Finance Administrative Assistant.
Handling the PABX switchboard for incoming & outgoing of calls.
Provide information services to visitors and contact the host concerned.
Distribution of incoming letters, mails, faxes to respective department.
Preparation of outgoing mails like weightage, stamps and courier service.  - Provide administrative assistance to internal staff - Notice board management.
Home Nursing Collection – (Fund Raising Project & General Donation).
Contract with Mizuho Corporate Bank Limited                        August 2003 – May 2004     Junior Secretary – Project Finance Division, Singapore Branch.
Secretarial assistance to a team of Senior Vice Presidents and Japanese General Manager of the Division.
Assisting the Finance Advisory Group of the division in collating and preparation of data, presentation materials etc.
Organizing of meetings and conference calls when necessary.
Handling and liaising with Head Office on expenses claims and follow-up work.
All travel arrangements, inclusive of hotel and flight bookings, ensuring a smooth and hassle free business.
Assisting the Credit Management Team in their daily administrative work.
Maintain good relationship with colleagues and proactive in the organizing of term-end gatherings and any other activities.
Successfully completed the several relocation tasks upon merger and migration.
Standard Photo Pte Ltd                                 May 2000 – Feb 2001 Printer cum Sale Assistant.
Overcome the problem and complaints that arises from the customers.
Increased the skill of communication with various types and different level of people.
Overcome the problem and complaints that arises from the customers.
Promote the latest products of the company.   Customer Services.
This course is crafted specifically to equip industry professionals for the daily in-depth practice of corporate secretarial work, ranging from meeting procedures to crafting articles, special resolutions to share transfer protocol and filing XBRL.
This course is specially designed to familiarize us with an overview of corporate compliance based on the Singapore Companies Act (Cap 50) and ACRA regulations.
MOUS Certification in MS Access conducted by NTUC Computer Training Centre (“NTUC CTC”).
LCCI Book-Keeping for Beginner conducted by Systematic Commercial Training Centre (“SCTC”).
Certificate in Office Skills (Examination Provided by ITE) conducted by SCTC.
Information Technology Programme for Office Workers conducted by NTUC CTC.
Corporate Secretarial software such as BGL CAS Corporate Compliance.
Current/Last Drawn Pay:        $4,800 per month on 13th month basis.- Good interpersonal and communication skills, written and verbal.
- During the college, im the committee of Student Welfare Committees, responsible on preparation and planning events, i enjoy these kind of job scope. So, im confidence that i can manage it well! Hope that i can get a chance to perform and do it better!.
- I am resigned from my job since end of August 2009 and pursuing Full Time Korean Language Course at Yonsei University, Korea.
- Liasing with clients and arranging for Incorporation of Companies.
- Preparation and submission of statutory returns with ACRA as required by the Companies Act, Cap 50.
- Drafting resolutions/minutes of directors’ and shareholders’ and relevant documents in accordance with the requirements of the Act, Listing Requirements/instructed by the Board of Directors and follow up on the status with clients.
- Arranging for and attending NC, RC, AC, BOD and General Meetings for both private and public listed companies and preparing the minutes thereof.
- Review and liase with clients, preparation of draft announcements and releasing of the announcements to SGX-ST upon clients’ approval.
- Application of Employment Pass Online and Work Pass Renewal with Ministry of Manpower.
- Preparing, liasing and attending scrutineering services.
- Assisting and covering for team members who are out for meeting/on leave in preparation of documents as required by clients.
- Liasing with client and arranging for Application for Licenses.
- Liasing with clients and arranging for Registration and De-Registration of Foreign Branch.
- Liasing with clients and arranging for Registration of Representative Office.
- Liasing with clients and arranging for liquidation of Companies.
- Ad-hoc Compliance works such as Change in Constitution, Change of Auditors, Transfers of Shares, Change of New Company Name, Declaration of Interim/Final Dividend for both private and listed companies, Capital Call, Approval of Shareholders’ Loans, Appointment of Member to Advisory/Conflict Committee for Fund Company, Capital Reduction, Allotment of Shares, Redemption of Shares, Power of Attorney, Due Diligence, Company Restructuring, Capital Injection, Share Buy-Back, Change of Interest in Substantial Shareholders and Directors, Acquisition, Annual Report, Striking-Off, Amalgamation, Acquisition & Disposal, and Scrip Dividend.
- IPO Exercise which including:- Liaise with ACRA officer on the status of the conversion of the company, SGX officer on the e-Token application and collection, Conversion to public company and change of name, Adoption of new set of articles of association, Sub-division of share capital, Authority to issue new shares, Appointment & Resignation of Directors, Secretaries and Auditors.
- Assisting the Company on the conversion of company type from public company to a private limited company.
- Maintaining statutory filing obligations for company and its subsidiary companies.
- Maintaining and updating of statutory registers for company and its subsidiary companies.
- Preparation of Board Resolutions, minutes, AGM & EGM papers, XBRL Filing and Annual Report.
- Maintaining a portfolio of companies and statutory filing obligations.
- Preparation of Board Resolutions, minutes, AGM & EGM papers.
- Responsible for the smooth & efficient running secretary office daily operations.• Drafting of various board resolutions and minutes of AGM and EGM.
• Updating and maintaining statutory registers and records.
• Assist and manage any other ad-hoc duties assigned from time to time.
• lodge and file in time all necessary documents required by law.
• assist to provide administrative support in preparation of meetings.
• assist in the implementation of corporate strategies by ensuring that the board’s decisions are properly carried out and communicated.
• ensure that the company meets all its legal obligations (making announcements on ASX).
• stay updated on relevant developments and changes in statutory and regulatory obligations.
• Covering all aspects of the Australian business law for Masters/Degree Holders to include: Finance Law, Introduction to Commercial law, Torts, Contracts, Hospitality & Tourism Law etc.
• Preparing lesson plans, mock exams questions, additional notes.Independent, self-motivated, conscientious and well-organized, professional with seven years’ experience in a top-tier law firm and another leading professional firm. A flexible and dependable employee who brings in-depth knowledge in listed company matters and superb analytical skills to your company.
5/2014 - Present  Tricor Services Limited – Corporate Services Department Position: Supervisor.
Current Salary: HK$28,300 per month, with year-end bonus, medical insurance and reimbursement of HKICS Membership fee.
8/2010- 5/2014  Fair Wind Secretarial Services Ltd. (subsidiary of Woo Kwan Lee & Lo).
Handling full range of company secretarial matters in relation to listed companies (Both Main Board and GEM Board issuers) and different types of companies incorporated in different jurisdictions independently.
Preparing annual and interim reports, announcements and circulars.
Liaising with different professional parties (i.e. Stock Exchange, Legal Advisers, Compliance Mangers and Regulatory Authorities) - Ensuring proper compliance with regulatory disclosure, reporting and statutory filing requirements.
Handling ad-hoc assignments (e.g. DI Forms, next day disclosures return, drafting different types of announcements and documents for listed company).
Manchester Metropolitan University (organized by HKU Space) Bachelor of Laws (LLB) (Part-time).
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance (Part-time).
Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration (Full-time).
School of Continuing and Professional Studies The Chinese University of Hong Kong Higher Diploma in Business and Corporate Administration (Full-time).
The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries, Associate Member (PE).
Proficiency in PC knowledge of MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Chinese Word Processing, CSA and View Point software.Provided secretarial advice to existing clients and new clients.
Provided secretarial advice to existing clients and new clients.
Responsible for incorporation of private limited companies and filing on ACRA.
Responsible for incorporation of private limited companies and filing on ACRA.
Provided secretarial advice to existing clients and walk in clients.
Provided secretarial advice to existing clients and walk in clients.
Responsible for incorporation of private limited companies and filing on ACRA.
Responsible for incorporation of private limited companies and filing on ACRA.
Met competitive sales targets across a range of financial products.
Met competitive sales targets across a range of financial products.
Managed business development through cold-calling and referral of client leads.
Managed business development through cold-calling and referral of client leads.
Provided on-site support to Cedar Point Resorts located in Ohio, USA.
Provided on-site support to Cedar Point Resorts located in Ohio, USA.
Adhered to strict housekeeping protocol set by the hotel for all duties assigned.
Adhered to strict housekeeping protocol set by the hotel for all duties assigned.
Provided office administrative support to a group of executives and managers.
Provided office administrative support to a group of executives and managers.A team player who can carry out independent and logical thinking with a strong sense of responsibility, and values the relationships with his stakeholders. Able to work under pressure and adapt to different working environments.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited,  May 2016 – present Company Secretarial Officer.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited is the oldest note-issuing bank in Hong Kong with over 150 years of experience. The bank has over 70 local branches and 6000 employees.
Appointed as named secretary of a trade financing subsidiary of the bank in March 2016 and handle its secretarial work independently in addition to the responsibilities of Company Secretarial Administrator below.
Further appointed as named secretary of two more aircraft and vessel leasing subsidiaries.
(which got around 80 subsidiaries underneath) of the bank in March 2017.
Local project leader of Standard Chartered PLC’s annual results and report process.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited, Company Jun 2010 – May 2016 Secretarial Administrator.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited is the oldest note-issuing bank in Hong Kong with over 150 years of experience. The bank has over 70 local branches and 6000 employees.
Support country corporate secretariat function to provide sustainable quality services to the stakeholders, such as providing documents and advices on corporate information and governance, delegation of authorities, and execution of documents.
Support secretarial work of the bank and other group subsidiaries in Hong Kong, including compliance with articles and internal policies in addition to statutory and regulatory requirements, facilitation of board and committee meetings, minutes taking and drafting of resolutions, preparation of financial statements, and facilitation of liquidation of entities that are no longer in use.
Support Standard Chartered PLC’s listing in Hong Kong, including preparation and submission of announcements to Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and facilitation of the process of releasing interim and annual reports in Hong Kong.
Responsible for issuance of Powers of Attorneys for the bank, and for Hong Kong and Greater China CEOs who can issue Powers of Attorneys on behalf of Standard Chartered Bank incorporated in London.
Responsible person for operational risk management of corporate secretariat function.
Maintain corporate information database for the bank and other group subsidiaries in Hong Kong.
•  ACIS ACS of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Chinese: proficient in Cantonese and intermediate level in Mandarin, proficient in writing.
Japanese: advanced level in reading and listening (N1 Certificate of Japanese-Language.
Proficiency Test), intermediate level in speaking and writing.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited  Company Secretarial Officer.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited  Company Secretarial Administrator.Handle company secretarial matters of Hong Kong and offshore companies, including HKEx listed, British.
Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, PRC, Macau, Mauritius, Cook Islands, Isle of Man companies.
Handle company secretarial, regulatory compliance and corporate governance matters of listed companies.
Assist in drafting and reviewing interim and annual results announcements, interim and annual reports, announcements and circulars for listed companies.
Assist in preparing the prescribed forms for disclosure of interests notifications for listed companies.
Maintain and update statutory records, registers and routine filings for Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Handle full range of company secretarial matters, including formation of companies.
Liaise with HKEx, Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, Business Registration Office, Stamp Office etc., when necessary.
Liaise with Registered Agent for annual renewal / compliance and ad hoc matters for offshore companies.
Assist in application of working visa for the officers of the companies.
Coordinate with the junior to complete the tasks assigned by the senior.
Hebei Yichen Industrial Group Corporation Limited (H-share listed in December 2016, stock code: 1596).
Dongpeng Holdings Company Limited (delisted in June 2016, stock code: 3386).
Major in Statistics; Minor in Finance; Minor in Social Work and Social Administration.
Interests: volunteering, travelling, hiking and swimming •  Available: Immediate.Corporate Secretarial Senior Associate     (1 July 2016 – 31 July 2017) Intertrust Singapore Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.
Handling clientele of foreign companies and private companies.
Preparing/drafting the  Directors’ and Shareholders’ Resolutions/Minutes of meetings.
Statutory lodgement with ACRA such as, routine changes of Directors/Shareholders’ particular, incorporation, striking off, allotment of shares and transfer of shares (including stamp duty).
Monitor the deadlines for Annual General Meeting and other statutory returns.
Preparation of full XBRL financial statements and financial highlights.
Preparing and reviewing compliance documents or ‘Know Your Clients”.
Preparation of Work Pass application, renewal and cancellation.
Attending, liaising and advisory with the clients and government authorities.
Corporate Secretarial Assistant      (2 May 2013 – 31 December 2014)  Corporate Secretarial Senior     (1 January 2015 – 31 March 2016)  Corporate Management Services Pte. Ltd.
Handling clientele of sole-proprietor, foreign companies, private companies, BVI and Representative Office.
Monitor Annual General Meetings’ and other deadlines and sending the reminder to clients as appropriate.
Preparing of documents for allotment of shares, transfer of shares, striking off documents and voluntary liquidation (ad-hoc basis).
To process and review the compliance documents or ‘know your client’.
Preparation of full XBRL financial statements and financial highlights.
Application of work pass application, renewal and cancellation.
Attending, liaising and advisory with the clients and government authorities.
Administrative Executive       (5 November 2012 – 7 February 2013).
Reason for Leaving: To seek for corporate secretarial position.
Handling quotation for renovation works, issue invoices and purchase orders.
Confidential Human Resource Assistant  (14 March 2011 – 18 May 2012).
Reason for Leaving: Pursued Degree studies at Liverpool John Moores University.
Responsible to both listed and subsidiaries benefit entitlements such as leaves, claims and trainings (approximately 170 employees).
Preparing and consolidate the attendance report to the management in daily basis.
Liaison with corporate panel clinic and training provider.
Update employees training records for statutory audit review.
Chartered Secretaries Institute of Singapore (f.k.a. The Singapore Association of The.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA)) Graduateship No.: 6012186.
Bachelor of Degree (Hons.) in Business Commerce (May 2012 – August 2012).
Advance Diploma in Business Management (May 2009 – January 2011).I am an Assistant Vice President with Maples Fiduciary Services, a leading international legal firm advising financial, institutional, business and private clients around the world. I bring along with me close to 10 years of broad experience in Legal, Corporate Secretarial and Compliance with various Property Development industries and Corporate Secretarial Service providers in Malaysia & Singapore. I am currently seeking out career enhancement opportunity with a renowned organization.
Experience in managing contract processes including drafting, evaluating, negotiation and execution of wide range of commercial contracts such as preparing/ drafting Power of Attorneys, Management Services Agreements, Share Holders' Agreement, Lease and License Agreement, Non-Disclosure Agreement, Shared Services Agreement, Commercial Property Acquisitions and Leases, Land Acquisitions and Lease, Service Agreements for Operations and etc.
Experience in directing and determining litigation and resolution strategy for commercial, property and land disputes and preparing reports advising CEO, CFO and Managing Director of status of company legal matters.
Serve as the liaison between corporate and external solicitors and facilitated exchange of information such as obtaining opinions on various legal issues from panel solicitors and assisting in coordinating litigation cases.
Advise and coordinate relevant legal action that needs to be adhered to by various divisions in the Company in particularly Property and Business Development units.
Conduct research on critical legal issues and to provide verbal and written advisory for the management’s consideration.
Experience in handling official and legal documents, records and reports, file statements, and other information required by the organization’s by-laws and government laws and regulations.
Independently negotiated on Land Acquisition matters with relevant Government Agencies in Malaysia.
Experience in handling full spectrum of Corporate Secretarial duties by managing portfolios of Singapore business entities that is administered on behalf of clients, dealing either directly with clients, Intermediaries or through contacts at International Banks located in Singapore and overseas.
Advise clients on incorporation of new companies, statutory administration, business licenses, and related matters.
Ensuring statutory compliance which includes ACRA filing and maintaining statutory registers.
Attending Board meetings, preparing agenda and drafting of minutes.
Dealing with the transfer of funds or companies to or from alternative administrators.
Preparation of notices and resolutions for extraordinary business.
Experience in liaising with various Singapore Statutory Bodies (i.e. ACRA, IRAS, Ministry of Finance, Singapore Academy of Law & Foreign Embassies) on Legal & Company Secretarial matters.
Corporate secretary management of companies in Asia Pacific throughout their life-cycle; including active management of a portfolio of companies in Singapore and Hong Kong, including in preparing and organising logistics for board meetings of a selected entity, participating in directors and shareholders meetings and preparing minutes of the meetings.
Ensuring external filings with government authorities are completed with statutory time limits.
Advise board of directors and shareholders on contractual, legal and regulatory requirements.
Handling fund structures, compliance and client onboarding.
Administer the group’s subsidiaries and provide corporate secretarial functions to the group.
Liaise with Oslo Stock Exchange and with shareholders on public company on listing matters.
Provide accurate and timely advice on a range of legal matters to all departments within the company and in particular general legal matters.
Jeeves Group (Singapore) – Offshore Trust / Corporate Secretarial.
Lead the firm’s corporate secretarial practices by managing and maintaining portfolios of Singapore business entities that is administered on behalf of clients.
Manage over 200 portfolios of high net worth individuals (HNWI) mainly from Europe, Russia, Latin America, Australia, Indonesia, Hong Kong & Taiwan, dealing either directly with the clients, Intermediaries or through contacts at International Banks located in Singapore, U.S. and Switzerland.
Advise clients on company formation, company statutory administration, work passes, business licenses, and related matters.
Drafting and reviewing of commercial contracts / agreements and Board Director’s Resolution in accordance with client’s instruction and ensuring the same are in compliance with the Legal Requirement in Singapore.
Handle official and legal documents, records and reports, file statements, and other information required by the organization’s by-laws and government laws and regulations.
Provide advice and legal support for all corporate legal matters.
Ensure statutory compliance which includes ACRA filing and maintaining statutory registers.
Penang Development Corporation (Malaysia) – Property Development.
Managed contracts process, including negotiations, dispute resolution and collections for commercial property acquisitions and leases, land acquisitions and leases, vendor agreements, confidentiality agreements, service agreements for operations.
Drafting, reviewing a variety of commercial contracts, obtain opinions on various legal issues from panel solicitors and assist in coordinating litigation cases.
Advise and coordinate relevant legal action that needs to be adhered to by various divisions in the Company in particularly Property and Business Development units.
Direct and determine litigation and resolution strategy for commercial, property and land disputes; prepare reports advising CEO, CFO and Managing Director of status of company legal matters.
Served as the liaison between corporate and external solicitors and facilitated exchange of information.
Conduct research on critical legal issues and to provide verbal and written advisory for the management’s consideration.
Independently negotiated on Land Acquisition matters with relevant Government Agencies.
Uphold and protect the Company’s interest in all legal matters and ensure adherence to the statutory, regulatory and internal corporate requirements.
PJ Development Berhad (Malaysia) - Investment Holding and Property Development.
Drafting legal contracts and other commercial agreements and providing general legal advice and follow up on agreements and other legal matters to completion.
Assist the Company Secretary in the arrangement of Board of Directors’ meetings including arrangement on the preparation of the agenda papers and following-up on the matters raised during the meetings as well as convening of AGMs and EGMs.
Current   : Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
2012  : Certificate in Contract Management, Singapore Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management.
Certificate in Contract Management, SIPMM Singapore (2013).
Address                 : 558 Yishun Avenue 6, #04-20 Lilydale, 568965, Singapore.Address: 19th Floor, Flat A, Block 2, Clovelly Court, 12 May Road, Hong Kong.
The University of Law (College of Law)                            London, United Kingdom.
Relevant Courses: Legal Ethics (Distinction), Tort Law (Commendation), EU Law, (Commendation), Criminal Law (Commendation),.
Contract Law (Pass), Constitutional Law (Pass), Research Project (Pass), Land Law (tbc), Equity and Trusts (tbc).
Relevant Courses: Global Business Law (A), International Commercial Arbitration (A-), Regulations of Financial Markets (B+), An Introduction to Chinese Law (B+), Intellectual Property Law in China (B+), Dissertation (B+)  Family Law (B-).
Relevant Courses: Contract Law, Land Law, Equity and Trusts, Administrative Law, Constitutional Law, Tort Law, Criminal Law, Jurisprudence, Commercial Law, Law of the European Union, Law of Evidence, Company Law.
Activities: University of Essex Law Society Mooting Competition 2011, University of Essex Law Society, Hong Kong Society.
Relevant Courses: Chinese B1 HL (6), Economics SL (6), History HL (5), EnglishA1 SL (4), Biology HL (3), Math SL (3).
Activities: School Orchestra, Choir, ESF Choir, Da Vinci House Sports Team.
Assisted in several IPO projects, respectively the IPOs of an audio-visual conference service provider, two foundation works  companies and a restaurant group company.
Assisted in preparing Long Board Meeting document bundles to be signed by the company directors.
Took part in due diligence interviews for to A1 submission verification purposes.
Drafted due diligence interview notes for sponsors’ review and comment (including audio-typing and translation).
Assisted in amending parts of reorganisation memo of a group company prior to A1 Form submission   Assisted in amending the ‘History and Reorganisation’ and ‘Business Overview’ sections of the prospectus    Drafted 105 and 106 checklists in ensuring compliance with the relevant listing rules at A1 submission stage.    Assisted in drafting verification notes (v notes).
Performed legal research in relation to a negligence claim brought by employees against a listed company in Hong Kong.
Assisted in interviewing clients to gather evidence for various criminal and civil matters.
Performed legal research on the relevant Hong Kong Ordinances in relation to traffic accidents and drug trafficking.
Assisted in several other court cases (theft of company property, New Territories land title disputes and drug trafficking).
Assisted in taking notes and writing reports in relation to court proceedings at the court on the clients’ behalf, and assisted in amending litigation documents, including statement of claims and writs of summons.
Performed legal research in relation to a dispute between a Hong Kong company and a freight shipping company.
Conducted legal research in relation to general compliance matters regarding to rules of civil and criminal procedures, as well as the Companies Ordinance of Hong Kong.
Assisted in the translation of documents from English to Chinese, and vice versa.
Conducted legal research in relation to GEM Board and Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Proofread blackline prospectuses and financial statements, highlighted inconsistencies throughout, and suggested amendments to the supervising associate.
Languages  Cantonese(native) | English (fluent), IELTS 7.5 | Mandarin (fluent).
Rainbow Trek 50km Trail Walk, Participated twice to fundraise for autistic children in Hong Kong.
Bronze Award for Volunteer Service to the HK Community In 2006 and 2007, Presented by the Social Welfare Department of the government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.Associate Member of The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (MAICSA).
April 2006 – October 2015    Alliance Bank Malaysia Berhad (Kuala Lumpur) (Vice President, Group Corporate Secretarial).
Provide comprehensive governance and corporate secretarial services to the entire Alliance Banking Group and continually reviewing developments in corporate governance. Alliance Bank’s substantial shareholder is Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited.
Heading a team of 8 personnel managing Alliance Banking Group’s corporate secretarial matters.
Ensure good practice of Board procedures is followed and compliance with applicable rules and regulations of regulators.
Coordinate, organize, prepare agenda and ensure the smooth running of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ meetings of Alliance Banking Group including minutes taking, sourcing of venues, refreshment and logistics arrangements.
Establish, maintaining and reviewing Board and Management Committees’ Terms of Reference.
Production of high quality Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ proposal papers on timely basis.
Compilation of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ proposal papers and filtering them to ensure compliance with the required standards of good governance before tabling these papers for approval.
Provide comprehensive support to Directors both as individuals and as a collective Board including non-executive directors.
Support Group Company Secretary in giving guidance to Board and Committees on matters of procedure and conduct, including identifying conflict of interest and contributing to meetings discussions, as and when required.
Ensure proper update as well as safekeeping of all statutory records, books, forms, documents etc.
Ensure compliance with statutory/regulatory requirements and the timely submission of all requisite forms, returns and documents to regulatory bodies.
Application for the appointment and renewal of directors with Central Bank of Malaysia.
Liaising with regulators such as Central Bank of Malaysia, Companies Commission of Malaysia, auditors, lawyers, organizations in the banking industry such as Asean Finance Corporation, Financial Mediation Bureau, Rating Agency Malaysia etc.
The key person in implementing paperless Board and Board Committees’ meetings.
As the Support Risk Officer of Group Corporate Secretarial in Alliance Banking Group’s Compliance & Operational Risk Management (CORM) Framework which covers areas such as Compliance, Operational Risk and Business Continuity Plan.
Member of the Project Team in the formation of Alliance Islamic Bank Berhad.
October 2003 – March 2006    Euroair Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary / HR & Admin. Manager).
Established the in-house Company Secretarial Department and in-charge of the company secretarial matters of the group.
Preparing and attending Board and Management meetings as well as following up on matters arising and ensuring they are resolved timely.
Re-organized the HR & Admin Department for better efficiency and maximize resources.
Managed the group’s administrative matters such as company’s insurance scheme, telephone system, up-keep of office building, security, stationery, etc. including liaising with suppliers.
In-charge of human resource matters in overseeing the preparation of payroll, recruitment, liaising with authorities such as Employees Provident Fund (EPF), Social Security Organizarion (SOCSO), and Inland Revenue Board etc.
Sourcing and application of banking facilities for the group.
July 2001 – Ocotber 2003    Skrine, Advocate & Solicitors (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary).
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies, multi-national companies and foreign branch office.
January 2001 – April 2001    Arab-Malaysian Finance Berhad (Kuala Lumpur) (Senior Officer, Corporate Planning & Services).
Prepare proposal papers for proposed projects of the company.
January 2000 – June 2000    Delairco Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary).
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies and public listed companies.
Coordinate, organize, prepare agenda and ensure the smooth running of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ meetings.
Organize Board meetings as well as Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings of public listed companies.
Ensure billing and collection budgets of company secretarial department are met.
August 1997 – December 1999    QL Feedingstuffs Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary).
Established the in-house company secretarial department of the group with more than 30 companies.
A member of the project team in the proposed listing of the company on the Second Board of Bursa Malaysia.
Application for Manufacturing License for a subsidiary company.
September 1993 – July 1997    PFA Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Senior Secretarial Assistant).
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies, public listed companies, multi-national companies and foreign branch office.
Assisting in the preparation of Handbook – Company Secretarial Practice in Malaysia (First Edition) published by MAICSA.
Preparing and attending Board of Directors’ meeting, Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of private companies and pulic listed companies and minutes taking.
Application for Manufacturing License and Pioneer Status.
Application for Representative Office and Regional Office.
Assist clients in application for Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC) status.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, UK (ICSA).Assistant Legal and Compliance (Contract)           Mar 2015 – Dec 2015.
Reviewed agreements and translation of the offering documents such as product key fact sheets of the Funds;.
Drafted legal correspondences, shareholder's notices and addendum to the distribution agreement;.
Conducted legal research and keep abreast on rules and regulation abreast;.
Liaised with the company secretary to prepare board minutes and resolution, compile companies filing.
Conducted due diligence on clients, surveillance on staff personal dealings to avoid any potential insider dealing activities ;.
Surveillance on business activities to ensure that they are in compliance with the regulations;.
Review compliance policies and gave advice on business activities;.
Maintain ongoing compliance monitoring and filing which includes filing annual return, notification, update and maintain license applications, filing with SFC and monitoring CPT records of the licensed representatives;.
Assistant Officer, Legal and Compliance (part-time contract).
Researched and updated the team with the change of ordinance;.
Prepared Deed of Release and notice of termination of ORSO Schemes.
BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited  Nov 2007 – Dec 2011.
Registration of authorized investment funds which includes making application forms, drafting product key fact sheet, explanatory memorandum and term sheets, application for changes to products;.
Drafted investment objective of units trust funds, translation of documents from English to Chinese and vice versa, prepared and reviewed  prospectus;.
Reviewed investment management agreements, distribution agreements and marketing materials to meet with the regulatory requirements of the SFC and MPFA of Hong Kong;.
Assisted in initial public offering of investment funds in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and Korea which include reviewed contracts and agreements and ensure the compliance with the relevant rules, preparing board resolution for submission with regulatory authorities, scrutinized prospectuses etc; and.
Conducted legal research on rules and updated the Company with the gazette of relevant laws, regulations and codes.
Assisted Legal Counsel to handle legal and compliance matters which include:.
Conducted legal research and updated the company with new release of codes and regulations;.
Reviewed on existing procedures and policies, liaised with internal departments to ensure conformity with the AML regulatory requirements;.
Gave advice to customer service department and handled complaints raised by the clients;.
Checked on the clients' account and identify suspicious account in accordance with the relevant rules and regulation,.
Updated compliance manuals in accordance with new rules; and.
Compiled monthly and quarterly compliance reports for management review.
REASONS for leaving: better prospects offered by BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited.
Able to handle litigation cases independently through adducing evidence for preparation of and drafting pleadings which include particulars of claims, defence, affidavit and charge and  judgment order, etc., ;.
Negotiations with counter parties  to reach out amicable agreement;and.
Coordinated with barristers in relation to court hearings.
Golden Akis Advertising Limited (Telecommunication) Feb 2004 - Dec 2004.
Drafted and translated commercial contracts including the commodity agreement and memorandum of understanding; gave advice and reviewed lease terms of agreements;.
Preparation of Minutes of Board Meeting and Resolution for transfer share capital, appointment of directors and bank accounts opening.
REASONS for leaving: company restructuring and change of business arrangement.
Represented the company in small claims tribunal and mediated with clients in resolving claim disputes.
Conducted land search, assisted conveyancing team in preparation of leasing agreements and assignments, prepared documents for stamp duty and registration.
Prepared cash flow analysis on property development projects in PRC, liaised with PRC office and Australia office in connection with the projects budget, status and development; contract documents administration for project operation.
REASONS for leaving: Resignation of Director and office relocation to Sydney.Position: Retrieved Resumes (SiVA folder: Prescreened); Date Applied: 13 Sep 2017.
- Able to speak in English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia, and Chinese dialect(Hokkien).
- Familiarity with Microsoft Word, Power Point, Excel and viewpoint.
- Mature personality and able to work independently as well as in a team.
- Hardworking, fast learner with a good working attitude, able to meet deadline, enthusiastic, and good interpersonal and organizational skills.
- Handle full spectrum of corporate secretarial duties including incorporation of private limited companies, registration of foreign branches & representative offices, acquire of BVI companies.
- Preparation of directors’/shareholders’ resolutions for on-going corporate secretarial matters for clients, etc.
- Manage a portfolio of Public Listed Companies, Private Limited Companies and BVI companies.
- Lodgement of statutory returns with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements.
- Register Employment Pass Online Account, application,renewal, appeal, cancellation for Employment Pass / S Pass /Letter of Consent.
- Issue sales order for accounts to prepare invoice and delivery order.
- Update daily sales records, customers’ sales records and price change information.
- Follow up on the outstanding invoice, ensure every transaction is billed by account.
- Assist Sales / Marketing Executives to prepare quotation for customers.
- Attend to call-in customer inquiries and walk-in customers.
- Follow up the PO being generate, make sure material deliver on time.
- Assist the QA Manager in ISO 9001 : 2008 documentation and audit, ISO 14001 environmental audit.
- Issue P/O and make sure the supplier deliver material on time.
Bachelor's Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Malaysia.
Diploma in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Malaysia.
Blk 214 Toa Payoh Lorong 8, #11-737, Johor Bahru, 310214,Singapore, Singapore.Associate Member of The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (MAICSA).
April 2006 – October 2015    Alliance Bank Malaysia Berhad (Kuala Lumpur) (Vice President, Group Corporate Secretarial).
Provide comprehensive governance and corporate secretarial services to the entire Alliance Banking Group and continually reviewing developments in corporate governance. Alliance Bank’s substantial shareholder is Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited.
Heading a team of 8 personnel managing Alliance Banking Group’s corporate secretarial matters.
Ensure good practice of Board procedures is followed and compliance with applicable rules and regulations of regulators.
Coordinate, organize, prepare agenda and ensure the smooth running of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ meetings of Alliance Banking Group including minutes taking, sourcing of venues, refreshment and logistics arrangements.
Establish, maintaining and reviewing Board and Management Committees’ Terms of Reference.
Production of high quality Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ proposal papers on timely basis.
Compilation of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ proposal papers and filtering them to ensure compliance with the required standards of good governance before tabling these papers for approval.
Provide comprehensive support to Directors both as individuals and as a collective Board including non-executive directors.
Support Group Company Secretary in giving guidance to Board and Committees on matters of procedure and conduct, including identifying conflict of interest and contributing to meetings discussions, as and when required.
Ensure proper update as well as safekeeping of all statutory records, books, forms, documents etc.
Ensure compliance with statutory/regulatory requirements and the timely submission of all requisite forms, returns and documents to regulatory bodies.
Application for the appointment and renewal of directors with Central Bank of Malaysia.
Liaising with regulators such as Central Bank of Malaysia, Companies Commission of Malaysia, auditors, lawyers, organizations in the banking industry such as Asean Finance Corporation, Financial Mediation Bureau, Rating Agency Malaysia etc.
The key person in implementing paperless Board and Board Committees’ meetings.
As the Support Risk Officer of Group Corporate Secretarial in Alliance Banking Group’s Compliance & Operational Risk Management (CORM) Framework which covers areas such as Compliance, Operational Risk and Business Continuity Plan.
Member of the Project Team in the formation of Alliance Islamic Bank Berhad.
October 2003 – March 2006    Euroair Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary / HR & Admin. Manager).
Established the in-house Company Secretarial Department and in-charge of the company secretarial matters of the group.
Preparing and attending Board and Management meetings as well as following up on matters arising and ensuring they are resolved timely.
Re-organized the HR & Admin Department for better efficiency and maximize resources.
Managed the group’s administrative matters such as company’s insurance scheme, telephone system, up-keep of office building, security, stationery, etc. including liaising with suppliers.
In-charge of human resource matters in overseeing the preparation of payroll, recruitment, liaising with authorities such as Employees Provident Fund (EPF), Social Security Organizarion (SOCSO), and Inland Revenue Board etc.
Sourcing and application of banking facilities for the group.
July 2001 – Ocotber 2003    Skrine, Advocate & Solicitors (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary).
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies, multi-national companies and foreign branch office.
January 2001 – April 2001    Arab-Malaysian Finance Berhad (Kuala Lumpur) (Senior Officer, Corporate Planning & Services).
Prepare proposal papers for proposed projects of the company.
January 2000 – June 2000    Delairco Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary).
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies and public listed companies.
Coordinate, organize, prepare agenda and ensure the smooth running of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ meetings.
Organize Board meetings as well as Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings of public listed companies.
Ensure billing and collection budgets of company secretarial department are met.
August 1997 – December 1999    QL Feedingstuffs Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Company Secretary).
Established the in-house company secretarial department of the group with more than 30 companies.
A member of the project team in the proposed listing of the company on the Second Board of Bursa Malaysia.
Application for Manufacturing License for a subsidiary company.
September 1993 – July 1997    PFA Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd. (Kuala Lumpur) (Senior Secretarial Assistant).
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies, public listed companies, multi-national companies and foreign branch office.
Assisting in the preparation of Handbook – Company Secretarial Practice in Malaysia (First Edition) published by MAICSA.
Preparing and attending Board of Directors’ meeting, Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of private companies and pulic listed companies and minutes taking.
Application for Manufacturing License and Pioneer Status.
Application for Representative Office and Regional Office.
Assist clients in application for Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC) status.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, UK (ICSA).within the group and maintaining proper statutory books and records.
_____________________________________________________________________________.
1 - _____________________________________________________________________________.
_____________________________________________________________________________.
Assist in handling full range of company secretarial duties of companies.
Assist in handling full range of company secretarial duties of companies within the group and maintaining proper statutory books and records; and Assist the Directors in coordinating daily business and personal matters.
Assist the Directors in coordinating daily business and personal matters.
Windows ME/XP/7, MS office, Internet's knowledge, Microsoft Work, Microsoft Excel, CSA Software.Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).Corporate Secretarial Supervisor at Boardroom Corporate Advisory Services Pte Ltd (Previous).
-manage a portfolio of listed companies for REITs and business trust companies and private companies and handle full spectrum of corporate secretarial duties;.
-provide good service to clients by ensuring that their requests and queries are followed up in a timely manner;.
-draft/review board resolutions, AGM documents, notices and agenda of the board meetings;.
-releasing announcements/press releases on SGX on behalf of clients;.
-attend to auditors’ queries on behalf of clients and liaise with them in preparation for and during annual audits;.
-ensuring compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements by both of the companies and clients;.
-manage a portfolio of subsidiaries of the Company and handle full spectrum of corporate secretarial duties;.
-draft/review board resolutions, AGM documents, minutes of Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting, letters and statutory declarations for the Board of Directors;.
-releasing announcements/news releases on SGX/ASX website;.
-assist with the incorporation of subsidiaries of the Company;.
-assist with legal researches on Australian listed companies and other related market researches;.
-handle enquires from internal/external parties related to corporate secretarial matters;.
-work closely with business users, finance, treasury and risk management departments and secretarial agents to ensure the works complete promptly and accurately;.
-review directors’ reports in Financial Statements and filing of annual returns for the subsidiaries and other statutory documents with ACRA and ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements;.
-provide full secretarial support to one director and one associate director;.
-maintain travel schedules and calendars, manage meetings, appointments, expense claims reimbursement and screening of incoming calls;.
-prepare invoices, monthly statement of accounts to clients and liaise with accounts department on tax matters;.
-submit monthly report for unpaid invoices and follow up on weekly basis, managed to collect 70% of the unpaid bills from clients;.
-liaising with clients, bankers and auditors on a day-to-day basis;.
-releasing announcements for listed companies as and when needed;.
-prepare and lodge documents with ACRA, IRAS, LTA and other statutory bodies on behalf of clients;.Sandy K.S. Tong       Mobile: +852 6998 9253  Email: sand2126sen@gmail.com.
I am writing to you in regards to the Division Assistant role posted on eFinancial Careers for the China Merchants Securities International Co., Ltd. I am confident that my outgoing personality, keen attention to details, willingness to learn and passion for excellence will enhance the quality and culture of your company.
With over 6 years of well-rounded secretarial and administrative experience in supporting senior management, expatriate staffs and high net worth clients, I have demonstrated capacity to develop and maintain comprehensive administrative processes that improve the efficiency of day-to-day operations. I have excelled my multitasking and prioritizing skills under pressure through working in a fast-paced environment with heavy work duties for various teams within different industries.
In addition, I was able to utilize my excellent interpersonal and problem solving skills in handling different situations tactfully with people at all levels. With my organizational and communication skills, a high level of integrity and the ability to work well in both team-oriented and self-directed environments, I can assure you that I will make full use of my experience to contribute to your company.
I am available immediately. I have enclosed my resume in this application and would appreciate an opportunity to meet with you to further discuss how my qualification will best fit this position. Please feel free to contact me via phone (6998 9253) or email (sand2126sen@gmail.com). I look forward to hearing from you soon. Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely yours, Sandy Tong Sandy K.S. Tong       Mobile: +852 6998 9253  Email: sand2126sen@gmail.com.
Personal Assistant to Chairman, Noble Resources Limited (SGX: N21), Mar 15 – Oct 16.
Provided a full range of administrative support to the Chairman, close interaction with Board of Directors, internal and external executives and different offices.
Handled and managed confidential correspondences, took short hand dictation and audiotyping.
Responsible for extensive calendar management and preparation of meeting materials and reports.
Coordinated a variety of complex travel schedules, visa issues, accommodation and logistics.
Prepared travel and expenses claims, insurance, raised purchase requisitions in line with company policy.
Reported directly to the co-founder and partner of the company with duties included book keeping, expenses claim, travel arrangements and preparation of business pitch.
Maintained office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems, equipment procurement and established an effective filing system.
Office Manager, Investigo (Hong Kong) Limited (Closed), Jul – Dec 14.
Provided secretarial support to the General Manager of Hong Kong and team. Collaborated with UK Head Office to coordinate meetings, travelling schedules and logistics, planned networking events.
Responsible for the day-to-day management of all office administration. Liaised with various vendors including office supplies, business cards printing, office renovation, property consultant and landlord.
Verified and processed contracts and expenses and kept track of team budget.
Administered payroll, MPF, office insurance, medical plans and maintained employee records as well as policy and procedures implementation.
Administrator, Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group (SGX: M04), Jan 12 – Mar 14.
Handled travel arrangements and provided secretarial support to the Regional Director and team.
Prepared business correspondences, presentation materials, reports generation from raw data, meeting minutes and summaries and liaised with business partners on promotional activities.
Assisted in all S&M activities in coordination of overseas Roadshows and new business development.
Arranged Familiarization trips for overseas colleagues including transports, logistics, appointments, etc.
Monitored and controlled the budget for all events, involved in budget & goal settings and marketing plans.
Trained and supervised junior staff and delegating work as required.
Administrative support to both the Catering and Banquet Team. Duties included preparation of contracts and issued event orders, performed office duties, provided support to all related departments and external vendors.
University Centre «César Ritz», Switzerland, April 06 – Dec 08.
Bachelor of International Business in Hotel and Tourism Management.
Language: Cantonese (Native), English (Fluent), Mandarin (Advanced).
Computer: Microsoft Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Office, Outlook, Pivot Table, Vlookup, Photoshop.
Volunteer of various charitable organizations such as Food Angel, Rotary Club, SPCA and HK Dog Rescue.A diligent, self-motivated and meticulous performer. A dedicated team player and always looking to excel the expectation.
Interested and ready to join the team to provide professional support and services.
Knowledge in the Company’s Law and Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.
Drafting skills – Resolutions, Notices, Minutes, Annual Report, Emails, Articles.
Exposed with full spectrum of corporate secretarial services.
Proficient in English, Mandarin, Cantonese and Bahasa Melayu.
Post-graduate from the Malaysia Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (MAICSA).
Currently pursuing professional part under ICSA International Qualifying Scheme.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) Marketing Management, Second Class (Upper Division).
3As in Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (“SPM”) (Malaysian Certificate of Education).
7As in Penilaian Menengah Rendah (“PMR”)  (Lower Secondary Assessment).
7As in Ujian Pencapaian Sekolah Rendah (“UPSR”)  (Primary School Achievement Test).
Manage portfolio of private and public listed companies, representatives offices, branches and offshore;.
Ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements with Singapore Companies Act, Cap. 50, and Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited;.
Prepare agenda, Chairman’s proceedings and meetings documentation, attending and taking minutes of Board Meetings/Board Committees Meetings/AGM/SGM/EGM and draft minutes;.
Draft announcement and release announcement to the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited via SGXNET for Public Listed Companies;.
Provide day-to-day corporate secretarial and administrative support to clients;.
Handle corporate secretarial duties including incorporation/striking-off/liquidation of companies, registration of foreign branches & representative offices;.
Draft Directors’/Shareholders’ Resolutions/documentation for on-going corporate secretarial matters such as pre-incorporation, post-incorporation, change of directors/officers, change of financial year end, change of company name, opening/closure of bank accounts, change of bank signatories, dividend payments, changes in capital, loss of share certificates, purchase/disposal of motor vehicle;.
Handle share transactions (allotment/ transfer of shares) - E-stamping with Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore, lodgment with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, issue new shares certificate;.
Prepare and ensure timely lodgement of all filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority;.
Assist with the attestation and legalisation with various embassies in Singapore/Commissioner of Oath/Notary Public;.
Liaise with external regulators and advisers, such as lawyers, auditors and tax agents;   Maintain statutory books and registers books; and   Billings for retainer fees and ad-hoc services.Address: Flat 1103, 11/F, Yat Sin House, Upper Wong Tai Sin Estate, Kowloon, HK Contact number: 6462 9681.
2011 - 2012  Secretary, Chinese Verse Speaking Club, Po Leung Kuk No.1 W.H. Cheung College.
2010 - 2011   Participant, the HKIAAT Accounting and Business Management Case Competition 2010,.
Hong Kong Institute of Accredited Accounting Technicians Limited.
Language:  Cantonese (Native), English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent), Japanese (Fair), Spanish (Elementary).
HKALE results: Chin. History (B), Chinese Language & Culture (C), Use of English (C).
HKCEE results: Chin. Language (5, equivalent to B), Eng. Language (4, equivalent to C),  Mathematics (C), Principle of Accounts (C), Chin. History (C), Geography (C),  Economics (C).
KCLG Corporate Consulting Limited, Company Secretarial Trainee.
Pilot Publishing Company Ltd., Freelance translator Translated teaching materials for Business subjects.
Pilot Publishing Company Ltd., Editorial Assistant Produced teaching materials.Communication will not be a problem for me because I can speak in English, Mandarin, Malay and Cantonese.
Highest education level is Bachelor's Degree in Commerce from Liverpool John Moore University. Currently pursuing ICSA last paper.
To become an experienced and all rounded Corporate Secretary in next 10 years time.
Corporate Compliance & Secretarial Services Executive at Loo & Partners LLP.
- lodging changes of company with ACRA and maintaining of statutory registers.
- preparing AGM documents and submission of annual return before deadline.
- circulating and tracking of minutes and resolutions to be posted into secretary file.
- mainly to support the legal department especially on compliance with the Companies Acts, Chapter 50.
- to keep proper record and document that support the changes of the company.
- assist in handling listed companies and submission of announcements to SGX.
- ensure the statutory registers in the system are up-to-date.
- lodging changes of company with ACRA and maintaining of statutory registers.
- preparing AGM documents and lodging annual return before deadline.
- circulating and tracking of minutes and resolutions to be posted into secretary file.
- advice to the board on compliance with the Companies Acts, Chapter 50 and other rules and regulations.
- to keep proper record and document that support the changes of the company.
- familiarise with corporate secretarial work for a private limited company.
- familiar with the filing of financial statements in new XBRL format.
- preparing relevant documents, minutes and resolutions for non-routine tasks.
- lodging changes of company with ACRA and maintaining of statutory registers.
- circulating and tracking of minutes and resolutions to be posted into secretary file.
- advice to the board on compliance with the Companies Acts, Chapter 50 and other rules and regulations.
- to keep proper record and document that support the changes of the company.
- to assist in trademark registration, employment pass application, licences application etc...
- to assist for notarization and legalization of documents with various embassies.
- lodging statutory forms and maintaining of statutory registers.
- circulating and tracking of minutes and resolutions to be posted into minutes book.
- learned to draft simple minutes and resolutions such as allotment & transfer of shares, dividend payout.
- seek for better career advancement opportunities and exposure.• Manage a portfolio consist of a group of 75 companies, including Singapore, China and Offshore companies independently (fully on in-house basis).
• Advising legal compliance work in relation to the requirements of the relevant company legislation to all the stakeholders to ensure statutory and compliance issues for the Group’s companies are met.
• Liaison with investors, overseas agents, bankers, lawyers and other professional service providers.
• Monitor and maintain corporate documentation and database for both Singapore and China’s companies.
• Review corporate secretarial and all other necessary legal documents including various agreements prepared by the executive/assistant and external lawyers.
• Work closely with the Asset Management team and external lawyers to ensure all the legal condition precedents in the closing requirements of the Projects are met.
• Participate in the restructuring of the Group’s structure, re-financing on banking facilities, and submission of tender jobs exercises.
• Develop and establish department guidelines and internal policies to improve the working procedure.Challenging career with an organization where demonstrated skills in value added services to customers can be translated into improved growth and prosperity.
Highly organized, dedicated and committed to professionalism.
Handle multiple assignments under pressure and consistently meet tight deadline schedules.
Executive, Corporate Secretarial at Vistra Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd.
• Incorporation of Singapore companies and registration of LLP.
• Preparation of necessary documents for AGM and EGM, board and shareholders' resolutions, striking off, etc.
• Provide advices on compliance requirements and ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements.
• Assist with incorporation of Singapore companies and registration of LLP.
• Drafting board meeting minutes and directors/shareholders’ resolutions.
• Maintain corporate secretarial Registers and Minute Books.
• Responsible for produce full sets of accounts for a varied profile of clients.
• Assist clients with employment pass application and custom account.
• Perform audit engagements individually and as part of a team.
• Documented existing processes through interviews, observation and inquiry.
• Made suggestion on the effectiveness of internal controls, systems weakness and any other accounting or management problems.
• Communicated results of audit via written reports and oral presentation to management.
• Prepare individual and corporate tax returns and tax computation.
• Liaise with the tax authorities and client on settlement of disputed tax position and highlight to client any issues arising.
• Perform statutory audit as part of a team for SME and listed companies.
• Assist in evaluate internal control system for listed companies.
• Experienced in oversea audit for listed companies (e.g.: Hong Kong, Malaysia).
• Responsible for produce monthly management accounts in an appropriate format and in accordance with relevant accounting regulation and guideline.Associate Director at Corporate Secretarial & Bookkeeping Pte Ltd.To apply the skill from the field of my specialization fitted on any position in.
your company and to enhance more on marketing activities on actual field.
August 7,1997     Angeles University Foundation      Angeles City Phil.
April 18, 1997        St. Louis University      Baguio City Philippines.
Service Marketing: Providing Marketing Education to the Needs of.
Corporate Secretarial Executive at MC Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.
1) Prepares Annual General Meetings, Extraordinary General Meeting and Circulated Resolutions of Directors/Shareholders, and all other required documents in accordance with the requirements of the company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association and the Companies ACT, Cap. 50.
2) Manage portfolios of clients in different jurisdictions.
3) Attend to striking off, termination and cessation of services and return all statutory records to clients upon clearance by Management.
4) Filing of Statutory Returns within the stipulated time limit with ACRA.
5) Keep up to-date Statutory Registers and Minutes Books of all existing clients and all other necessary administrative records and filing of all documents into clients’ statutory records and files.
6) Liaison with Offshore Incorporations Limited and attend to client’s auditors when they carry out statutory audits of secretarial records.
7) Preparing of incorporation and striking off documentations and necessary filing with ACRA.
1) Prepares Annual General Meetings, Extraordinary General Meeting and Circulated Resolutions of Directors/Shareholders, and all other required documents in accordance with the requirements of the company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association and the Companies ACT, Cap. 50.
2) Manage portfolios of clients in different jurisdictions.
3) Attend to striking off, termination and cessation of services and return all statutory records to clients upon clearance by Management.
4) Filing of Statutory Returns within the stipulated time limit with ACRA.
5) Keep up to-date Viewpoint, Statutory Registers and Minutes Books of all existing clients and all other necessary administrative records and filing of all documents into clients’ statutory records and files.
6) Liaison with Offshore Incorporations Limited and attend to client’s auditors when they carry out statutory audits of secretarial records.
1) Maintaining & updating of statutory records and prepare board resolutions & other relevant documents.
3) Supervise, provide training and delegate tasks to my subordinates.
3) E-Filing with ACRA of Annual Return, Incorporation of Private Companies, changes in directorship & shareholdings as well as filing of business registration and business renewal.
4) Prepares partial XBRL format for submission of accounts with ACRA.
1) Attend to incorporations and new appointments, set up and update the necessary records.
2) Arrange for transfer forms to be assessed and stamped within the stipulated time limit at the Stamping Office.
3) Prepares Circulated Resolutions of Directors/Shareholders, Annual General Meetings, Extraordinary General Meetings and all other required documents in accordance with the requirements of the company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association and the Companies ACT, Cap. 50.
4) E-Filing with ACRA of Annual Return, incorporation of Private Companies, changes in directorship & shareholdings.
5) Maintaining and updating of Company’s statutory registers and records.
1) Prepares Minutes of Board Meetings, Annual General Meetings, transfer of shares and other documents as required by our corporate clients.
3) Issue invoice to customers, doing bank reconciliations, accounts receivable & accounts payable.
4) Handle general office administrative duties & provide support to corporate clients.
. Accomplish and submit all reportorial requirements to the Unit.
. Main responsibility is to deliver the sale.Conduct prospecting.
. Assist colleagues in calling client by giving instructions on how to be an effective telemarketer.
. Encoding all necessary information about the qualified client.
. Leading a group of Telemarketers for effective Telemarketing.
Blk 764 Woodlands Circle, #08-314, Serangoon North, 730764,.Address:   Room A, 15/F, Block 2, Oceania Heights, 2 Hoi Chu Road, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong.
2012 – 2014   Edinburgh Napier University – Cityu SCOPE, BA (Hons) in Accounting         Graduated with upper second-class honours.
2011 – 2012   Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education, Higher Diploma in Accountancy.
2009 – 2011   Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education, Diploma in Accountancy.
Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination (7 passes, including English, Chinese and Mathematics).
10/11/2014 – 30/04/2017 Iyer Practice Limited, Associate I, Company Formation & Administration.
Responsibilities: Handle full range of company secretarial matters for Hong Kong, Offshore, Singapore and in-house Companies.
17/02/2014 – 21/07/2014 Leung Kam Wan CPA Limited, Company Secretary Associate.
Responsibilities: Provide company secretarial work from incorporation, statutory filing and preparation of corporate documentation for Hong Kong companies.
Computing:    Proficient in BGL’s Corporate Affairs System (CAS) and Microsoft Office.
Language:    Fluent in Chinese and Mandarin, Good in written and spoken English   Word processing:  English (40 w.p.m.), Chinese (30 w.p.m.).To associate with international firm where I can utilise my detail oriented  and research skills to assist the firm to align with current regulations of AML/KYC  and gain further experience, while enhancing the company’s productivity and reputation.
To obtain a challenging leadership or team player position with a growing company that applies my creative problem solving and lean management skills in order to achieve optimum utilisation of its resources and thus maximum profits.
To continue my career with an organization within AML/KYC that will use my management, supervision and administrative skills to benefit mutual growth and success.
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT (TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE) IMPERIAL PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED   2016 FEB – PRESENT.
Imperial Pacific International Holdings Limited is a casino and hotel developer. It is a listed company in Hong Kong stock exchange (Stock code: 1076). Currently, Imperial Pacific is building the $US7.1 billion Casino hotel and resort in Saipan, which is expected to be finished in 2018 and the first phase of the resort and casino will be finished by the end of 2016.
Comprehend, monitor and update new casino, and tax regulations and report to management office.
Compose internal reports of news/notices/warnings from the U.S. officials or from the region where the company is investing.
Comprehend and interpret the lobbying and anti-bribing regulations/criteria in the U.S. to avoid potential bribing.
Assist in drafting internal AML/ABC regulations based on lobbying and anti-bribing regulations/criteria in the U.S. and report to the senior management.
Coordinate with company lawyers regarding to regulation related issues and assist in drafting internal regulations.
Conduct background check on potential investors and companies.
Provide suggestions and advice to key decision makers’ inquiries related to gifts, other Antibribing matters.
Inform key decision makers of any news/notices/warnings from the U.S. officials or from the region.
Research and source for potential investment opportunities.
Compose critical analytical reports with economic data and supports on potential investment opportunities.
FOUNDER   CHINESE LANGUAGE LEARNING CENTRE         2013 JAN – 2015 OCT.
Oversaw the general management, administration, client relations management and human resources.
Supervised and coordinated activities of learning Centre and ran the day-to-day administration operations of the office.
Create company website contents and updated company website.
Built up a clientele of over 100 pupils in 2 years, up to and including CEO-level professionals.
Built and maintained solid and constructive relationships with different international and local companies.
Established and maintained excellent, trusted work business relationships with many large international corporate clients.
Drafted and finalised employment contracts, agreements with customers, clients and organisations  Instruction.
Provided instruction to individuals or small groups of non-Chinese speaking students from different fields, including business, real estate, education, marketing, banking, fashion, beauty etc.
2012 BA (Hons) in English for International Corporate Communication.-   Over 5 years company secretarial experience in listed companies and professional firm; and 3 years’ experience in accounting field.
-   Graduate of the of the HKICS and ICSA (GradICSA), application of Associateship in progress.
AEON Credit Service (Asia) Company Limited (Stock code: 900).
Duties: -  Handled full spectrum of company secretarial matters to the listed company and its subsidiaries to ensure compliance with the Companies Ordinance, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements.
-  Organized all meetings of the board of directors of the Company, its  committees, and the shareholders; preparing the notice and materials of above meetings.
- Drafted minutes of meetings of the board of directors and its  committees.
- Contributed to the preparation of partial annual/interim reports,  announcements and full set of circulars.
Duties: -  Handled full spectrum of company secretarial matters of the company and around 60 subsidiaries (including listed company and  private  companies incorporated in HK, BVI, Cayman Islands and  Samoa).
- Prepared documents for compliance of Companies Ordinance, the  Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements.
- Contributed in arranging general meetings, board meetings and  committees’ meetings and prepare board papers and materials.
- Contributed to the preparation of annual/interim reports,  announcements and circulars.
Duties:  -  Handled around 80 private companies in various jurisdictions  including HK, BVI and Samoa.
- Prepared minutes and filed requisite documents with the Companies  Registry or Inland Revenue Department in different respects (e.g.  annual return, incorporation, deregistration, transfer of shares).
Responsible for daily operation, month-end closing and bank reconciliation for a group of companies.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Banking.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Banking.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Banking.
The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS) and ICSA.
London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board (LCCI).Currently a manager in the company secretarial services team of Ernst & Young.
was a named company secretary of a GEM Board listed company from Feb 2014 to Oct 2016 reporting to the chief financial officer of the Group and working independently (one man band).
over 8 years of company secretarial experience gained from both GEM Board and Main Board listed companies as well as sizeable accounting firm.
hands-on experience in full spectrum of company secretarial works for both listed and private companies.
10/2016 – Present  Ernst & Young Company Secretarial Services Limited.
manage a full range of company secretarial duties for the clients.
assist in the formation of Hong Kong companies as well as registration of Hong Kong branches.
assist in the ongoing maintenance of Hong Kong companies, including the filing of the necessary returns with the Companies Registry.
Responsible for performing a full range of company secretarial duties and services as well as statutory compliance of two companies listed on the GEM Board of the Stock Exchange:.
Telecom Digital Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 6033 (formerly: 8336 when listed on GEM board)).
being the named company secretary of Telecom Service One Holdings Limited;.
prepare meeting papers of board and committee meetings of the two listed companies as well as attend and draft minutes for these meetings;.
draft and review annual/interim/quarterly reports, results announcements, circulars & notices for annual general meetings and proxy forms, etc. of the two listed companies;.
prepare written resolutions for seeking board/committee’s approval on certain matters, e.g. change of directors, banking facilities, corporate guarantees, etc. where necessary; and.
prepare and maintain statutory records and filings of the two listed companies as well as their respective subsidiaries.
submit applications for trade mark registrations in Hong Kong, China, Macau and other jurisdictions;.
provide primary opinions and preliminary advice on the registrability and the chances of success of the proposed trade mark applications;.
conduct trade mark searches on the Intellectual Property Department’s online trade mark system and obtain official advices and search reports from the Intellectual Property Department; and.
prepare reports to inform the clients the progress of the trade mark applications.
04/2004 - 09/2004   David Ho, Kevin Kong & Co., Solicitors (ceased business on 30/9/2004).
incorporate Hong Kong companies, including limited companies, partnerships and sole proprietorships for clients;.
file statutory forms and documents with Hong Kong Companies Registry;.
arrange documents to be attested by China Appointed Attesting Officers for use in China; and.
Graduate Diploma in English and Hong Kong Law of England and Wales obtained by Common Professional Examination (C.P.E.).
Responsible for full spectrum of company secretarial works of two companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange:.
prepare announcements, circulars, annual/interim reports, organise board and committee meetings as well as annual general meetings;.
draft and prepare board minutes/resolutions for the listed companies as well as their subsidiaries; and.
maintain and update the statutory records and other routine secretarial matters.
Responsible for full spectrum of company secretarial works of the China projects within the groups of:.
prepare documents for use in land auctions in China and arrange documents to be attested by China Appointed Attesting Officers when necessary;.
prepare documents for setting up PRC project companies upon successful bidding of lands in China;.
prepare documents for appointments/resignations of directors, increase of authorised/issued/registered capital, transfers of shares, group restructures, maintain and update the statutory records for subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong, BVI and PRC;.
draft and prepare board minutes/resolutions for recording management decisions;.
incorporate or acquire shelf companies in Hong Kong, China and British Virgin Islands;.
arrange board resolutions and relevant documents for approving bank facilities and bank accounts opening; and.
maintain and update the statutory records and any other routine secretarial matters.A directorial position in corporate secretarial functions.
More than 12 years of experience in corporate secretarial industry.
Highly motivated individual with excellent listening, verbal and written skills.
Able to work independently without supervision and great team player as well.
Positive, professional attitude with a commitment to excellence.
Approachable, receptive to new challenges and fast learner.
Oversee a team of corporate secretarial managers, supervisors and executives to service a portfolio of public listed, private, public un-listed companies and companies limited by guarantee, in accordance with regulatory requirements of Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Mainboard and Catalist Listing Rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, including compliance with Code of Corporate Governance.
Managing my team’s annual budget, monitor my team’s billings and collections and assist in the sales and marketing function of the Company.
Building of my team’s portfolio of clients and maintaining good working relationships with clients to ensure continual growth in terms of size of portfolio and revenue contribution.
Responsible for my team members’ development progress and plan for their career path within the organization.
Responsible for establishment and review of corporate secretarial precedents and implementation of the same by way of system automation so as to enhance.
effectiveness and efficiency of the corporate secretarial team.
Conduct training and assist in organizing training for the corporate secretarial team in relation to Directors’ duties, continuing obligations of public listed companies, corporate governance and listing manual.
Advise corporate clients on statutory compliance and listing requirements; and provision of corporate secretarial services.
Assist in organizing board and committee meetings, preparation of meeting agendas and materials.
Attend Directors’, Board Committees’ and Shareholders’ meetings as well as taking of minutes at meetings.
Draft and release public announcements and disclosures over SGXNET.
Assist in drafting and submission of circulars to Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.
Maintain and update statutory records, including preparation of circular resolutions and corporate governance reports.
Lodgment of necessary returns with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Manage a team of corporate secretarial executives and service a portfolio of public listed and private companies, in accordance with regulatory requirements of Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Singapore Exchange Listing Rules, including corporate governance compliance.
Provide corporate secretarial support to corporate clients through liaison with clients and understanding their requirements.
Assist in organizing board and committee meetings, preparation of meeting agendas and materials.
Attend Directors’, Board Committees’ and Shareholders’ meetings as well as taking of minutes at meetings.
Draft and release public announcements and disclosures over SGXNET.
Assist in drafting and submission of circulars to Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.
Maintain and update statutory records, including preparation of circular resolutions and corporate governance reports.
Lodgment of necessary returns with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Conduct training for directors and key executives of public listed companies in relation to Directors’ duties, continuing obligations of public listed companies and listing manual.
Assist in organizing directors’ and key executives’ training for public listed companies.
Reason for Leaving: Resigned to join RHT Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd.
Appointed as Corporate Secretarial Associate to manage and service a portfolio of public listed and private companies, in accordance to requirements of Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and Singapore Exchange Listing Rules. Assisted in ad-hoc IT projects and applications for employment pass.
Provided corporate secretarial support to corporate clients through liaison with clients and understanding their needs.
Maintained and updated statutory records, including preparation of circular resolutions, agendas and minutes of meetings.
Released public announcements and disclosures to Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.
Lodgment of returns with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.
Electronic stamping of transfer forms with Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Responsible for database maintenance to improve work procedures and operations.
Involved in the design and implementation of Employee Share Option Scheme system.
Corporate Secretarial Executive (Contract)      Jun 2003 – Jul 2004.
Appointed as Corporate Secretarial Executive to manage and service a portfolio of corporate clients, in accordance to requirements of Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority. Responsible for ad-hoc IT revamp projects and development.
Provided corporate service support to corporate clients through liaison with clients and understanding their needs.
Used strong listening and verbal skills to communicate with clients from diverse background, local and overseas.
Established excellent working relationships with fellow colleagues and corporate clients.
Executed high volume of corporate secretarial duties involving time constraints.
Prepared weekly summary reports for management reporting on a weekly basis.
Responsible for database maintenance and IT development to improve work procedures and operations.
Self taught Viewpoint application software and train colleagues on IT applications.
Promoted to IT consultant to manage entire SDLC in various projects to ensure functionality of mainframe applications. Communicate effectively to develop strong user relationship and provide systems as well as programming support in the insurance scope.
Appointed as Project leader in various projects in the Insurance scope.
Involved in planning and budgeting of project resources to enhance efficient resource allocation.
Oversaw departmental coordination and staff supervision to ensure completion of projects involving budgetary and time constraints.
Conducted technical presentations to upper management with clarity and confidence.
Gathered user requirements by understanding the context of user problems and evaluating their business strategies, application usage and priorities.
Completed projects within stipulated time constraints through intensive involvement in systems analysis, programming, testing, implementation and post-implementation monitoring.
Recommended, designed and implemented system upgrades which meet users’ requirements.
Provided excellent user support by resolving user queries and problems efficiently and effectively.
Proficient in QMS documentation to track progress of projects effectively.
Developed program/system specifications involving time constraints to implement stipulated user requirements.
Facilitated user reference through comprehensive documentation of system upgrades and user manuals.
Appointed as Internal QMS Auditor to carry out IT audit and advocate proper documentation and quality system implementation.
Conducted program/system/inter-system testing to ensure quality.
Participated actively in organizational activities and Work Improvement Teams to improve work procedures and operations.
Co-ordinated organizational activities to promote interpersonal relationship and boost staff morale.
Assisted in administration of orientation and training of new staff.
Scheduled meetings and recorded minutes of meetings effectively.
Reason for Leaving: Position did not allow me to capitalize on my best talents i.e.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) qualification (2012).
Singapore Association of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
Master of Business in Information Technology with Distinction (2003).
B.Sc.(Merit), Economics with minor in Computer & Programming Applications (1998) National University of Singapore.
2002   Awarded Silver Award for Presentation at NQCC Spring Singapore.
The Linguistics Society, National University of Singapore.
1992   Awarded Certificate of Commendation for active participation.1) Handle and supervise the company secretarial matters of a portfolio of companies.
4) Convening AGMs and preparation of documents adopting the elective regime.
6) Updating and maintaining of statutory registers and clients records.
Assistant Corporate Secretarial Supervisor at Corporate management services Pte Ltd.
- Filing with ACRA, MOM, IRAS and e-stamping of transfer forms.
- Updating and maintaining of statutory registers and clients records.
 Preparation of meeting minutes and directors/members resolutions, and management of documentation pertaining to statutory records, forms and documents for filing.
 Maintain statutory books, including registers of members, directors and secretaries.
 Preparation of striking off and liquidation of companies.
 Issuing share certificates and recording transfers and allotments of shares.
 Maintaining and updating of statutory records and computerized client database.
Preparation of meeting minutes and directors/members resolutions, and management of documentation pertaining to statutory records, forms and documents for filing.
Maintain statutory books, including registers of members, directors and secretaries.
Issuing share certificates and recording transfers and allotments of share.Address:​ Rm 422, Hung Shing Hse, Hung Fuk Est, Hung Shui Kiu,.
Corporate Administrative Assistant (March 2017 - Present).
Assist the Corporate Administrators in relation to all round company secretarial and administrative duties including but not limited to:.
Company Secretarial Assistant (August 2014 – October 2016) Offshore Incorporations HK Limited (now rebranded as Vistra) Handle company secretarial duties mainly for Cayman Companies:.
Review Due Diligence /KYC documents; and ➢ Handle general telephone enquiries.
Prepare a variety of search reports, e.g. Company search, bankruptcy search, vehicle search, negative check.
Check the information and download documents of the HK companies.
Daily clerical work, e.g. data entry, filing, scanning; and ➢ Provide training to new teammate and QC their work.
Associate Degree in Bilingual Communication Studies (Japanese & English).
Proficient in Windows platform, Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel),.
Chinese and English word processing (English 45wpm; Chinese: 45wpm).Born and raised in Hong Kong. Graduated from Wuhan University and currently in progress of a Master degree from City University of Hong Kong. Previous experience in Compliance Department with Intertrust Group and joined Westpac as Middle Office Analyst upon graduation.
tanglaipingclaire@outlook.com       + 852 69991305     Immediately Available  Expected Salary: HKD 18,000.
Administration with a minor in English |  GPA  3.42/4.00, awarded three-year scholarships.
Foundations of Information and Electronic Business Systems (A-) Undergrad:.
Excel | Visual Basic| Tableau| SAS| SPSS SQL | HTML | Adobe Illustrator.
Processing and calculating payments made by investors to bond to ensure       timely bank balance, reporting, efficient cash transfers and adequate liquidity.
Reviewing and monitoring financial transactions, FATCA and CRS.
Conducting due diligence reviews on investors of bond, PE funds and hedge funds.
Analyst, Middle Office | Westpac Banking Corporation (Private Bank).
Conducted due diligence reviews on PB clients’ loans, transactions and FX records.
Extracted clients' data from Singapore hub and updated the client database.
Joined as project assistant performing the duties of a Compliance Assistant.
Communicated with business colleagues to ascertain compliance risks.
Updated the compliance system with analyses and decisions on processing hits.
Updated the client database for data maintenance and data integrity.
Provided assistance in the preparation of meeting agenda and minutes.
Conducted and analyzed the market research of domain names to identify the       trend in the markets.
Analyzed options available for one client to sell his “applepay.cn” to Apple Pay  Developed strategies for marketing to promote our brand and successfully.
received 1 million RMB investment from a renowned VC firm in Beijing.
A start-up with 3 million RMB angel investment organized by students in Peking University, Wuhan University and prestigious universities in China. I gave my independent designs to the Chief Executive of Hong Kong, when he came to visit WHU and my designs gained popularity in big newspaper interviews for quite some time. Sold 500+ clothes to professors, students and alumnus with promotional campaigns.
Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination Paper I, III, V  |  2015.
21st English Translation Competition in Hubei Province China | second prize|2015  5 Columns published on “Wenhui Newspaper” during 2012-2013 sharing my       study experiences in Mainland China with Hong Kong readers |  2012- 2013.National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore, India               2004.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, London               2009.
Manage and administration of company secretarial and compliance aspect of client companies with different lines of business like private clients, trust structure, Real Estate Investment Funds / Private Equity clients, Structure Finance clients, Corporate clients and Multinational clients.
Ensure internal and external statutory compliance for companies. Act as Director and Company Secretary for different types of Business structure.  Attended various meetings in this regard.
Part of the Management team, one of the Director and involved in administration of Citco Singapore, a MAS licensed company for trust business.
Supervision of accountants, company secretarial and admin staff members.
Assisted Professor Anand Srinivasan on the paper relating to Insolvency Law - Liquidation process of Companies and status of Private credit and Public credit in South East Asian Countries.
Gained understanding of the Singapore company law requirements and handled work related to legal and corporate Secretarial matters; Handled due diligence and assisted in drafting announcements; IP related matters- Trademark and Copyright; Vetting of legal documentations for corporate and commercial matters.
Elf Gas India Ltd. (Total Group – French Mnc), Bangalore, India (Jan 2006 – Jun 2007).
Work related to Finance, Banking, KYC, Due diligence, Secretarial and Legal.
Holding Board Meetings and Annual General Meetings.  Drafting all post meeting documents, handling required reporting, implementation of decisions, liaising with Registrar of Companies and Central Government on various matters.
Ensure various compliance relevant to the company under the Companies Act and Foreign Exchange Management Act as well as the internal compliances as per the company’s established policies and procedures.
Drafting and vetting of agreements and other legal documents for marketing, finance and operating divisions of the company.  Compliance with internal and external requirements including financial and other regulatory requirements.  Legal cases – Action plan, Initiation of legal proceedings like sending of notices and other required follow-up.
Handled Finance and Treasury operations, organizing and chairing credit committee meetings, booking Forward cover contracts, making import payments and duty payments, liasing with various banks including Multi-national banks like Calyon Bank, Citibank, BNP Paribas on all these aspects.  Putting in place procedures and implementation of the same.
Titan Industries Limited (Tata Group Company), Bangalore, India (Feb 2003 – May 2003).
Management training in Corporate laws, Foreign exchange laws, IP laws and Finance related matters.
Preparation of various documents and corporate governance report for physical board meetings and AGM, post board meeting compliance with local Stock Exchange, handled project for delisting of shares from MSE.
Trademark registration and protection of trade-marks and copyrights and ensured related ongoing compliance and liaising with various authorities.
Registrar Of Companies, Bangalore, Karnataka, India (Jun 2003).
Hands on experience on various filings required under Companies Act and FEMA and Securities Exchange Act.
Indian Statistical Institute, Bangalore, India (Jun 1997 – Jan 2006).
Handled internal compliance to policies and procedures, internal audit, budget, secretary for the advisory meetings, internal administration and HR matters.
Arranged and successfully complied with all the requirements necessary for implementing MCA-21 in Company (It is a e-filing & e-approval scheme introduced by the Government during 2006).
Proper planning and booking forward covers towards import / export payments.
Successfully chaired meetings and made effective presentations on behalf of the department, whenever required.
Handled internal and external compliance matters effectively.
To sum it up: Proper implementation of policy decisions of management and the external agencies thus facilitating smooth work flow, strict compliance, avoiding legal hurdles and penalties, enabled management to take timely and quick decisions.Flat J, 25th Floor, Block 7, Tsui Chuk Garden, 8 Chui Chuk Street, Wong Tai Sin, Hong Kong | (852) 6234-8601 cherryhui2001hk@yahoo.com.hk.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Honors), majored in Corporate Governance.
Curriculum Highlights:  Contemporary Issues in Corporate Governance,.
Corporate Secretaryship, Hong Kong Taxation, Company Law, Financial Management,.
TMF Hong Kong Limited  Secretarial Executive – Corporate Secretarial Services.
TMF Hong Kong Limited  Secretarial Executive – Corporate Secretarial Services.
Assist manager to handle full range of corporate secretarial matters for clients in different jurisdiction, including Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Maintain proper statutory records and registers for clients.
Assist clients to fulfill internal compliance requirements, and also those of banks and offshore registrar.
Communicate with third parties, including offshore agents, banks, and various government and regulatory bodies, on behalf of clients.
Liaise with auditors to arrange statutory review and attend to their requests in providing relevant corporate documents for preparing company accounts.
Handle internal invoicing and communicate with client on invoice settlement matters; arrange settlement of third parties’ invoices on behalf of clients.Corporate Secretarial Executive Assistant at Act Management Services Pte. Ltd.
My job scope involves assisting the corporate secretarial assistant manager in all corporate secretarial matters.
My job scope involved mainly assisting the corporate secretarial assistant manager in secretarial matters such as drafting and preparing of incorporation documents, directors’ resolutions for changes in the board of directors/company officers, change of bank signatories, allotment of shares, transfer of shares, dividend payments,, minutes representation letters for statutory audit purpose etc.
My duties also include lodgments of Annual Return and company changes with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”), e-stamping of Transfer of Shares with the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”), monitoring the deadlines for holding AGM/EGM and other corporate adminstrative matters such as filing of correspondences, attending to the statutory auditors on their annual audit of the statutory registers and minutes books, liaising with the preparer of annual statutory accounts and assisting in the matters of XBRL accounts, posting of original Directors’ Resolutions and Minutes into the Minute Book and updating and maintaining of statutory registers.
Non-routine work includes arranging for documents to be notarized, authenticated and legalized by the relevant parties i.e. Singapore Academy of Law, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Embassies. To assist in applying for employment passes, dependent passes and long term visit pass with the Ministry of Manpower. I also worked with our share registration department in the share registration work for the AGMs and EGMs of Listed Companies, such as Genting Singapore PLC, Singapore Airlines Limited and Singapore Telecommunications Limited etc.
- assisting in HR matters, including staff’s leave application, OT claims, interview arrangement, etc.
- giving administrative support for the operation of the Company and company event, including receptionist, travel arrangement, office maintenance matters, local and oversea order, insurance claim, etc.
Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS), Sourthern Cross University.2009-Current  Associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (ACS,.
Address:  Flat F, 29/F., Block 2, City Point, 48 Wing Shun St., Tsuen Wan, N.T.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Address:  Flat F, 29/F., Block 2, City Point, 48 Wing Shun St., Tsuen Wan, N.T.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Address:  Flat F, 29/F., Block 2, City Point, 48 Wing Shun St., Tsuen Wan, N.T.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Address:  Flat F, 29/F., Block 2, City Point, 48 Wing Shun St., Tsuen Wan, N.T.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Address:  Flat F, 29/F., Block 2, City Point, 48 Wing Shun St., Tsuen Wan, N.T.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Address:  Flat F, 29/F., Block 2, City Point, 48 Wing Shun St., Tsuen Wan, N.T.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Graduated with passes in Hong Kong Advance Level Examination.
Graduated with passes in Hong Kong Advance Level Examination.
Graduated with passes in Hong Kong Advance Level Examination.
Graduated with passes in Hong Kong Advance Level Examination.
professional parties, Share Registrar and printer and arranging Board Meetings, Committee Meetings and General Meetings.
professional parties, Share Registrar and printer and arranging Board Meetings, Committee Meetings and General Meetings.
professional parties, Share Registrar and printer and arranging Board Meetings, Committee Meetings and General Meetings.
Development Limited  - provide a full spectrum of secretarial and.
Development Limited  - provide a full spectrum of secretarial and.
Development Limited  - provide a full spectrum of secretarial and.
Development Limited  - provide a full spectrum of secretarial and.
(Projects Investment)  - assist in Chairman’s daily business and social.
(Projects Investment)  - assist in Chairman’s daily business and social.
(Projects Investment)  - assist in Chairman’s daily business and social.
(Projects Investment)  - assist in Chairman’s daily business and social.
Native Speaker     Putonghua: Fluent in Written and Good in Spoken.
CSA System, View Point, Lotus Note, MS Office application, Intranet, Internet.
Mature, Able to work under pressure, Flexible, Well-organized, Pleasant, Hard working, Self-motivated, Independent.Assist clients in company incorporation in various jurisdictions. (E.g. Singapore, British Virgin Islands, Brunei, Bahamas and Mauritius).
Assist clients in changes of company structure. (E.g. Changes in directorship or shareholders, Issuance or transfer of shares, etc).
Proficient in ACRA e-filing, Annual Return filing, Bizfile transactions and XBRL filing for Singapore Companies.
Ensure the company fulfils the statutory requirements of the various jurisdictions.
Ensure that firm's legal obligations under the corporate legislation are complied with.
Assist clients with proper payment of dividend and interest payments, and proper drafting and execution of resolutions.
Organizing and preparing agendas and papers for board meetings, committees and annual general meetings (AGMs).
Taking minutes, drafting resolutions, lodging required forms and annual returns with various statutory board.
Dealing with correspondence, collating information and writing reports.
Liaising with external regulators and advisers, such as lawyers, bankers and auditors.
-Serves customers by greeting, welcoming, and directing them appropriately; notifies company personnel of visitor arrival; maintains security and telecommunications system.
-Maintains continuity among work teams by documenting and communicating actions, irregularities, and continuing needs.
-Liaised with other departments and performed administrative duties.
-Bookkeeping activities, working with sales and purchase ledgers and running calculations to ensure that records and payments are correct.
-Managing petty cash transactions, handling and writing of cheques as well as sales order processing.
-Contacts businesses or private individual by telephone in order to solicit sales for goods and services.
-Schedule appointments for sales representative to meet with prospective customers.
-Processed client’s tax issues and data and assisted clients’ enquiries over their tax matters through phone and email.
-Verification of accuracy of information of the tax issues of clients.
-Working under tight deadlines due to pressure from clients to resolve their tax matters as soon as possible.I am writing to express my interest to be a corporate secretary with your firm. In 2014, I obtained my Bachelor Degree in Business Management from Liverpool John Moores University (United Kingdom) and subsequently completed Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) in 2016.
My first job after graduated from university was personal assistance to managing director in Sabah, Malaysia. Half year after working as personal assistance, I was encouraged to come to Singapore to learn and practise as qualified chartered secretary. I am grateful that Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd. has given me the opportunity to growth in the path of being corporate secretary. Since graduated and with few years of working experiences, I have acquainted myself with the fundamental of company operation and a range of skills and knowledge that I obtained throughout my study and working that would allow me to blend with the organisation’s culture and propel the team to a new height of success.
Key strengths I offer are my responsibility and fast learner. During my study and step to society, I gained valuable experience working with different teammates from diverse backgrounds.  I also learned to think on my feet. In addition, from being involved with extracurricular groups during college and maintaining good grades at the same time, I know that I can handle multiple responsibilities and successfully meet deadlines.
Together with the cover letter, I enclosed herewith my resume and educational certificates for your full consideration. I appreciate your time reviewing my application.
I will be much appreciate if you able to give me an opportunity to interview with you. I can be contacted at 81107708 (mobile) or lee_rachel@live.com (e-mail). It will be a pleasure for me to attend an interview with you.
Graduated and admitted to The Institute of Chartered 1. Qualification  :.
University  : Liverpool John Moores University, United Kingdom.
Field of Study  : Diploma in business (Business Administration).
Maintaining and handling portfolios of Singapore Private Companies，.
Public Company and Foreign Branch, both active and non-active.
Drafting and preparing of board resolutions and minutes of meetings.
Organising meetings schedule, issuing notices and attending board, board.
committees and shareholders’ meetings including with the preparation and collation of board papers, follow up with minutes to be recorded and assistance in preparing of Annual Report.
Responsible for maintaining and filing of corporate documents with ACRA (Ensuring compliance with laws and regulations).
Maintain the statutory registers and secretarial records and responsible for the accurate and timely updates of the corporate secretarial database.
Assist in all aspects of corporate secretarial and administrative tasks e.g.
courier and tracking of corporate documents, follow-up with outstanding documents and issue invoice.
Involves in liasing and advising clients on Companies Act requirements.
Assist in application and issuance of Work Permit, S Pass and Employment.
Act as scrutineers and poll counting agent at Shareholders’ Meetings.
Arrangement for legalisation, attestation, authentication and notarisation of.
PA to Managing Director (Follow up on company and personal matters).
Managing travel arrangements, transport and meetings schedules.
Prepare minutes and distribute minutes materials of meeting.
Assistant Group Leader Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC)  Orientation Committee 2010/2011.
Represent Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC) participated in UNIRAZAK Business Plan Presentation Contest 2011.
Represent Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC) participated in Malam Kebudayaan Karnival Sukan Masiswa 2010 Zon Sabah.
Confident and experienced in Microsoft Office (used them in numerous assignments and working).
Good presentation skills in numerous high school and undergraduate.
Demonstrated a range of teamwork skills in different roles (mostly, organising work; guiding; encouraging feedbacks and taking part in discussion) as part of group assignment;.
Formed and managed a group to take part in a business plan presentation contest;.
Able to work under pressure (especially when juggling various projects which is due in a week, with work and volunteering), as well as, able to achieve work-life balance.- Incorporation of local & offshore companies (i.e. BVI, HKG, Seychelles, Marshall, Isle of Man, Labuan, etc).
- Drafting of minutes and resolutions & contributing to meeting discussions.
- provide advisory to board of directors and stakeholders as and when required.
- Ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements.
- check documents prepared by assistants and guiding on daily duties.
- handling corporate secretarial works for Private Limited, Foreign Branch, offshore companies, Representative Office and assisting manager with the Public Listed Companies.
- attending meetings, drafting resolutions and minutes writing, etc.
- Dealing and e-filing with relevant Authorities (such as ACRA, IRAS, SGX and Embassies, etc.) on behalf of Companies.
- handling corporate secretarial works for Private Limited, Foreign Branch and assisting managers and lawyers with the Public Listed Companies.
- Dealing and e-filing with relevant Authorities (such as ACRA, IRAS, SGX and Embassies, etc.) on behalf of Companies.
- handling corporate secretarial works for Private Limited, Foreign Branch and assisting lawyers with the Public Listed Companies.
- Dealing and e-filing with relevant Authorities (such as ACRA, IRAS, SGX and Embassies, etc.) on behalf of Companies.
Corporate Affairs System (CAS), Value Added System, View Point.Experience in the full spectrum of finance and accounting functions, tax preparations, payroll and human resources matters, automated accounting systems, audit management and staff training.
Develop, evaluate and implement accounting and operation procedures in order to enhance overall work flow.
Maintain strong control and ensure all transactional activities are in compliance with corporate, statutory and fiduciary responsibilities.
Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to advise and support key stakeholders in all key commercial decisions.
Advocate best practices and support continuous improvement activities.
Provide strategic and high-level accounting services to client.
Provide leadership and technical expertise to accounting personnel relative to the full spectrum of finance and accounting functions.
Associate Director – Head of Client Accounting & Tax, TMF Singapore H Pte Ltd – Feb 2015 to Sep 2015.
Lead, manage and develop a team of accounting professionals to ensure accurate and timely completion of a range of financing, accounting and tax related tasks.
Monitors financial performance and provides financial expertise in the development of corrective actions for target achievement.
Review, evaluate, implement and improve accounting system, work process, procedures and control.
Maintain and develop ongoing client relationships and cover all aspect of portfolio management.
Work with key operation leaders to identify potential business opportunities and increase revenue.
Appoint appropriate consultant to clients and provide co-ordination services between the consultant and client.
Senior Finance Manager, Vistra Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd – Jan 2013 to Feb 2015.
Direct, lead and coordinate the budgeting for compiling, monitoring and analyzing consolidated annual plan and for monitoring performance again plan.
Construct and maintain financial and business analytics as well as KPI tracking.
Ensure accounting and financial policies are procedures are up to date.
Review accounting and operating procedures with appropriate internal controls and measure.
Responsible for the timely preparation and accurate reporting and analysis of financial results and management reporting.
Maintain and develop ongoing client relationships and cover all aspect of portfolio management.
Manage and develop a team  that performs a wide range of financial, accounting and tax related tasks.
Maintain strong financial control and ensure compliance with corporate, statutory and fiduciary responsibilities.
Ensure that appropriate financial regulations and controls are in place and in use at all times.
Liaise with client and third party service providers, including auditors, tax agents, bankers and legal counsels.
Senior Accounts Manager, Luther Corporate Services Pte Ltd – Apr 2011 to Dec 2012.
Maintain and develop ongoing client relationships and cover all aspect of portfolio management.
Manage and lead a team that performs full spectrum of finance and accounting functions.
Ensure all transactional activities are carried out in accounting with accounting principles.
Prepare, analyze and present financial / management reports.
Liaise with client and third party service providers, including auditors, tax agents and legal counsels.
Assistant Accounts Manager, Intertrust Singapore Corporate Services Pte Ltd – Nov 2007 to Jan 2011.
Maintain and develop ongoing client relationships and cover all aspect of portfolio management.
Handle financial, accounting, tax related and payroll matters for a portfolio of clients.
Manage and lead a team that performs full spectrum of finance and accounting functions.
Prepare, analyze and present financial / management reports.
Communicate with client and third party service providers, including auditors, tax agents and legal counsels.
Accounting Manager, Centre 2000 Pte Ltd – Jan 2001 to Oct 2007.
Perform full spectrum of accounting, financial and taxation functions for a portfolio of clients.
Formulate, review and implement financial policies and program.
Coordinate monthly payroll functions & oversee human resources functions.
Liaise with clients and third party providers, including auditors, tax agents and legal counsels.
Ad hoc projects – setting up accounting procedures, enforcing accounting and financial policies, assessing internal controls and business analysis.
Admin & Accounts Executive, S. Uchida Electronics (S) Pte Ltd – Jan to Dec 2000.
Prepare full sets of accounts, handle payroll and other office administration matters.
Liaise with external auditors, tax agents, customers and suppliers.
Certified Accountant, The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
Diploma in Banking & Financial Services, Singapore Polytechnic.Senior Executive, Corporate Secretariat Services at Academy of Medicine, Singapore.
Ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements pertaining to Companies and Charities Acts, and the Code of Governance for IPCs and Charities.
Research on key company/charity enactments and their implications. Highlight areas of concern to the Council and propose suitable action plans where necessary.
Ensure compliance with organisation’s governing instruments.
Submit annual filings required of a charity, such as governance evaluation checklist, annual report and financial statements, in a timely manner. Address sector administrator’s queries where applicable.
Collate and provide documentation to assist company secretary in the timely filing of corporate secretarial matters, such as annual return, meeting minutes, appointment of directors, changes in directors’ particulars etc.
Draft and prepare information required for IPC status renewal.
Provide secretarial support to the Council, including coordination of meetings, preparation of meeting agenda and resolutions, recording of minutes and facilitation of council elections.
Draft annual reports and any other publication which may be required by Council/management.
Organise conferment ceremonies, conferences/lectures and social programmes. Duties may include inviting Presidents of overseas Colleges or speakers, facilitating their travel and accommodation, preparing administrative brief for VVIP/VIP and planning of march-in procession for conferment ceremonies.
Conducted preliminary research and collated information required for project bids.
Planned and executed projects/events, including researching on required licenses, sourcing for venues, administering marketing campaigns and managing audience outreach.
Tracked deliverables of projects and ensured KPIs were met within timeline, including justifying expenses onto claims form for successful disbursement of sponsorship monies.
Liaised with clients and vendors regularly to ensure smooth delivery of service.Harneys Corporate Services (Asia) Limited - affiliate to Harney Westwood & Riegels   Company Secretarial Officer.
Tricor Services Limited - affiliate to The Bank of East Asia, Limited (23.HK) Officer, Corporate Services Division (January 2015 – September 2015).
Associate, Corporate Services Division (October 2013 – December 2014).
LiFung Trinity (Management) Limited - affiliate to Trinity Limited (891.HK)            Summer Intern, Accounting Department.
Transferable competencies derived from working in Harneys.
- Handle full set of company secretarial duties for BVI and Cayman Companies and Partnerships including incorporation and change of structure independently, in good quality and in a timely manner.
Detail oriented, capability to learn fast, excellent time management, able to work under pressure productively and independently.
Maintaining annual compliance and handling ad-hoc tasks of Hong Kong and offshore private companies, Hong Kong-listed companies and Trusts under supervision.
Excellent communication and negotiation skills and high level of emotional intelligence.
Being able to communicate and liaise with external clients, lawyers and auditors using professional, formal and concise languages.
Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Business and Management Class II Division I.Senior Corporate Secretarial Executive at Venture Corporation Limited (Previous).
Drafting and circulation and tracking of board resolutions for the listed company and group companies.
Filing and submission of documents to ACRA and other authorities.
Update of minute books and statutory registers of the listed company and group companies.
Handling of logistics for Board and Board Committee Meetings of the listed company.
Drafting of notices of meetings, collation and circulation of board meeting papers to attendees.
Attending and drafting of meeting minutes for board and board committee meetings.
Liaising with overseas corporate secretarial agents in relation to group companies that are domiciled overseas. Ad-hoc corporate secretarial assignments handed out by the Legal Director.
preparation of documents for incorporation of local companies.
Liaising with external lawyers on ad hoc projects, collation and follow of directors' resolutions with relevant signatories.
Scheduling and co-ordination of board and audit comiittee meetings.
Maintaining and updating of minute books and statutory registers.
Legal database administration and maintainance of physical legal contracts database.
Full spectrum of corporate secretarial services for listed entity and subsidiaries within the group.
Ensuring that companies within group fulfills their corporate secretarial requirements both in Singapore and within foreign jurisdictions.
Drafting of directors' resolutions and shareholders' resolutions / preparation of AGM & EGM meeting papers for local entities.
Updating and maintaining of statutory registers for both local and foreign domiciled companies.
Liaising with auditors , lawyers and other banks in relation to ad hoc projects.
Other administrative duties as instructed by Chief Executive Officer.
Working in the Corporate Development Department of the company. Responsible for providing full corporate secretarial support and duties to companies within the Group.
Assistance and provision of secretarial services to group companies which include ensuring regulatory compliance with the Companies Act,.
Handling of queries, emails and phone calls from various departments as well as providing professional advice so as to ensure that the group companies comply with the Companies Act in.
To advise and to ensure that all companies within the Group meet the necessary deadline in filing and compliance with legal corporate matters.
Preparation of incorporation documents of new Group companies such as preparing of M&A, documents, etc for signing and bizfiling with ACRA.
Preparing and drafting of resolutions, circulate and tracking of resolutions and documents that are pending, Preparation of Bank forms and other documents when necessary.
Lodging of statutory forms and e-filing forms (such as Annual Returns, etc).
Updating of minutes, registers and records. Taking and recording of minutes at quarterly board meetings of the holding company and key principal subsidiary.
Assisting in co-ordinating Audited Reports and Annual Reports for Holding company and group companies.
Liaising with overseas agents in relation to companies within the group that are domiciled in offshore jurisdictions.
Administrative duties such as general secretarial duties and support to the legal counsel and general manager.
Worked in Corporate Secretarial Department with clients mostly comprises of private companies as well as public listed companies in Singapore. Responsible and provide full corporate secretarial support and duties to these companies.
Assist and provide secretarial work including:- managing the functions of legal and corporate secretarial department, ensuring regulatory compliance with the Companies Act, Listing Manual and Code of Corporate Governance.
Meeting and handling of queries, emails and phone calls of clients personally as well as to provide professional advice so as to ensure that they comply with the Companies Act.
To advise and to ensure that clients meet the necessary deadline in filing and compliance with legal corporate matters.
Preparation of incorporation of private companies, such as preparing of M&A, documents, etc for signing and bizfiling.
Preparing and drafting of resolutions, circulate and track resolutions and documents that are pending,.
Lodging of statutory forms and e-filing forms (such as Annual Returns, etc).
Convening, co-ordinate and arranging for Board meetings, committee meetings and Annual General Meeting of Companies.
Assisting in co-ordinating Audited Reports and Annual Reports for both private companies and public listed companies in Singapore.
Taking, preparing and convening of Board, Audit Committee, Nominating Committee, Remuneration Committee and shareholders meeting for both private companies and public listed companies in Singapore.
In charge of administrative duties in previous firm, such as office supplies and stationeries purchase distribution, petty cash claims from staff and generating of invoices, billings and payments of clients.
Handling of corporate secretarial work for public listed companies especially in compliance matters with Singapore Exchange Limited with reference to the Listing Manual and Code of Corporate Governance.
Reporting to the Senior Manager in the team, I assist in servicing the corporate secretarial needs of public listed and private companies. My duties include the drafting and preparation of Directors Resolutions in Writing, preparation of Annual General Meeting / Extra-ordinary General Meeting papers, preparation of requisite forms for lodgement with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, the lodgement of information with ACRA, preparation and drafting of announcements over SGXNET, providing advisory to clients on corporate secretarial matters and also the writing of minutes at AGMs and EGMs. I also handle some administrative duties such as billings for ad-hoc jobs and filing.
Reporting to the Executive secretary, I performed mainly administrative tasks that consisted of the typing of letters, scheduling of meetings and appointments, filing of documents, minute takng at management meetings, data entry and other ad-hoc duties handed to me.
Administrative Assistant at National Neuroscience Institute.
As an admin assistant in the corporate development/corporate communications department I provide administrative and secretarial support to the Corporate Development Manager and the 2 executives. My duties include drafting of letters for correspondence, liasing and maintaining relationship with vendors/design houses for printing of educational and promotional materials, management of the corporate databases and other ad-hoc duties handed out to me. I am in charge of the arrangement of travel for both the doctors and management in the hospital as well as for our invited guests/speakers. I assist in the organisation of conferences/seminars/public forums for the further/continuing education of the hospital (medical) staff and public. (Registration, Catering, Social Programme, sourcing for vendors etc) I also handle other ad-hoc/daily talks that take place within the hospital I also contribute to the company newsletter (proof- reading and writing of short articles). I also assist in the organisation (logistics) of press conferences between the media and our institution. I also update the calendar of events on the company’s website. I also take minutes at the weekly department meeting.Experienced corporate secretary with an ability to ensure that a company complies and operates in accordance with statutory and legal provisions. With knowledge of corporate regulatory and company rules. Providing secretarial and advisory services for Singapore Private Companies. Also handle offshore companies such as BVI, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions.
Manager, Corporate Services at Rawlinson & Hunter (Singapore) Pte. Limited.
• Liaising with International clients to assist in the administration of corporate secretarial services of Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai and BVI Companies.
• Responsible of incorporation of BVI, Hong Kong, Dubai and Singapore companies.
• Handle ACRA filing to maintain statutory records for Singapore companies.
• Liaising with resident agent for the incorporation and maintenance of file records for offshore companies.
• Drafting Annual General Meeting, resolutions, recording minutes meeting for Singapore & offshore Companies.
• Reviewing all the Due diligence of all the companies & ensure risk assessment was prepared.
• Managing filing and ensure it was recorded in an orderly manner.
• Assist client in opening or closing of any private or commercial bank account applications.
• Ensuring ongoing compliance with statutory requirements.
• Liaising with the Accounting Department to ensure that financial statements are completed in a timely basis for all the Singapore Companies.
• Maintenance of corporate secretarial records and internal files.
• Arranging legalization/notarization of documentation requested by clients.
• Maintenance of the confidentiality of the client database in relation to Companies.
• Attending the annual client review process, and attending to any deficiencies as raised during the review and any other ad-hoc administrative requirements from time to time.
• Advise client on the fees of our corporate secretarial services.
• Day to day running and maintaining of the office, ensuring orders are well received on time, tracing of payments, handling daily revenue, petty cash and raised payment voucher for invoices.
• Managing HR matters for the office to ensure we have policies in place.
• Liaising with International clients to assist in the administration of Trusts and Offshore and local Companies.
• Responsible for the incorporation of offshore and local companies.
• Handle ACRA filing to maintain statutory records for local companies.
• Liaising with resident agent for the incorporation offshore companies.
• Assist client in opening or closing of private or commercial bank account applications.
• Ensuring ongoing compliance with statutory requirements.
• Assisting with terminations, liquidations, striking and winding-up of existing Trust and corporate structure.
• Ensuring prompt collection of fees and arranging bank transfers.
• Liaising with the Accounting Department to ensure that financial statements are.
completed in a timely basis for Trusts and Companies under administration.
• Maintenance of trusts and corporate records and internal files.
• Maintenance of client database in relation to Trusts and Companies.
• Liaising with Compliance Officer for the purpose of the annual client review process, and attending to any deficiencies as raised during the review and any other ad-hoc administrative requirements from time to time.
• Assisting Director, Manager and staff member in the smooth and efficient running of the team.
• Responsible for the provision of a comprehensive of secretarial support to the Lawyers.
• Planning and managing of lawyers electronic diary such as meeting, agenda, organising travel and preparing complex travel itineraries.
• Handle phone calls, handling queries and other general office routine.
• Prepare solicitor’s reports on weekly targets and anticipated.
• Conducting company search or bankruptcy search on the internet.
• Deployed to the Marketing, Recruiting & Training Department.
• Responsible for the provision of a comprehensive of secretarial support to the Executive Director.
• Day to day running and maintaining of the office, ensuring orders are well received on time, tracing of payments, handling daily revenue, petty cash and overseeing the job scope of staff.
• Planning and overseeing of Executive Directors meeting, training schedules, agenda and take minutes during meeting.
• Act on behalf of Executive Director on all aspects of office management during his absence including department daily task.
• Assisting in represent marketing, recruitment & training department in all aspects of coordination.
• Liaise with vendors for office supplies / stationeries / maintenance etc.
• Was promoted from Executive Course Coordinator to Personal Assistant for Executive Director.
• Responsible for the provision of a comprehensive Front   Office service which includes receiving guests, check in and check out, preparing accounts and billing, process payments and respond, attend to guest general inquires and requirements.
• Ensures the Guests receive a fast, efficient and friendly check-in and check out.
• Ensure that group arrivals and crew arrivals are ready before their arrival.
• Identifying opportunities to up-sell and cross-sell to customers to increase revenues in the hotel.
• Providing outstanding and efficient customer service to both internal and external customers.
• Providing information of interesting tourist spots in Singapore to guests.
• Liaise preparation of all associated services for VIP arrivals, welcome and escort them to their rooms when needed.
• Preparing a contract with the local schools, institutes and corporate.
• Monthly book sales at varies schools, institute and corporate.
• Assist Manager in administrative duties such as mails, emails, prepare agenda and take minutes during meeting and data compilation for book broaches’ weekly schedules.
• Responsible for the provision of a comprehensive processing clerks stats and manpower.
• Providing after sales support for customers after signing the contracts.
• Liaise with Manager on daily production flow of processing and prepare daily and monthly report.
• Assist shipping coordinator with outgoing shipment schedules.
• Was promoted from Processing Clerks to Customer Service Executive within 3 months.
• Responsible for the provision of a comprehensive customer service which includes receiving passengers, check in counter, preparing accounts and billing, process payments and respond, attend to passengers general inquires and requirements.
• Assist passengers to various gates upon arrivals and departure flights.
• Sorting and scanning of mails (incoming, outgoing and hold mail).
• Arrange according to country and prepare to send out mails to clients.
• Assist delivery coordinator with incoming and outgoing shipment schedules.
• Responsible for the provision of a comprehensive delivery stats.
Secondary Sch in English, Mathematics, Malay, Art & Craft and Combined Science (Chemistry/Biology).
Artemins System, HR Administration, Microgen - 5 Series, STAFF MANAGEMENT, World Check.Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
April 2014 to Present GLOBAL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SERVICES PTE. LTD.
Area of Responsibilities Manage a portfolio of clients (both local and offshore entities) with the assistance of 2 corporate secretarial staff. Advise clients on the setting up and closure of companies and the ongoing compliance requirements under the Companies Act. Attendance at Board and Management Meetings, where required.
Perform the KYC screening on new and existing cllients to ensure compliance with the Company’s established procedures.
Process work pass applications, applications for Singapore Permanent Residence and Singapore Citizenships.
Jan 2012 to March 2014 PRUDENTIAL CORPORATE SERVICES PTE. LTD.
Area of Responsibilities Manage a portfolio of 150 clients independently. Formation of companies, striking-off of companies, ensure clients comply with the statutory and regulatory obligations under the local laws,  client relationship management and provide advice to clients on a continuing basis.
_______________________________________________________________________________________.
Area of Responsibilities Assist the Director in all aspects of the corporate secretarial matters of clients.
_______________________________________________________________________________________.
Area of Responsibilities Assist the Director in all aspects of the corporate secretarial matters of clients, attendance at Board meetings, application of work passes and provide on-the-job training of staff.
Reason for leaving Company seeking a permanent work arrangement.
_________________________________________________________________________.
Area of Responsibilities  Assist the Director in the corporate secretarial matters of clients, which includes attending to ACRA filings, e-stamping of transfer forms, drafting of resolutions and minutes, updating of minute books and statutory registers, application for entrepass, incorporation of companies and striking-off of companies.
Organise meeting folders for Audit Committee, Board, Remuneration and Nominating Committee meetings. Attendance at such meetings, writing of minutes and the preparation and releasing of announcements to SGX-ST.
Area of Responsibilities Handled the corporate secretarial matters of the QAF’s subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore/Malaysia/Philippines/.
Assist the Legal Counsel in the drafting and review of Sales & Purchase of Shares Contract/Tenancy Agreement and the translation of legal documents. Follow-up on dispute of legal cases and liasing with the China’s subsidiaries to collate information on legal suits brought against them by the various creditors.
Area of Responsibilities Handled the corporate secretarial work of the KMP Group of.
Apr 1997 to Mar 1998 YAMAICHI MERCHANT BANK SINGAPORE PTE LTD.
Area of Responsibilities Assist the Company Secretary in the corporate secretarial matters of the Bank and its subsidiaries.
Reason for leaving  : Bank shut down its operations in Singapore.
Area of Responsibilities Responsible for handling clients’ corporate secretarial.
matters, including the incorporation of companies, registration of foreign representative offices and businesses, as well as the application of employment/dependant passes. Provide advice on all corporate secretarial matters.
Area of Responsibilities  Manage and maintain the Accounts Receivables books of the   Company.
Reason for leaving  : To work in the corporate secretarial line.Provide full spectrum of company secretarial services ensuring Hong Kong and overseas privately-owned and listed companies be compliant with Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, Hong Kong Listing Rules and Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).
Handle KYC procedures and formation/registration of entities.
Prepare announcement, circular, proxy form, interim and annual reports.
Organize board and committee meetings, prepare notices, agenda, board minutes and resolutions, and statutory filings.
Prepare disclosure of directors’ and substantial shareholders’ interest under Part XV of the SFO.
Liaise and coordinate with internal and external parties including Hong Kong Stock Exchange, solicitors, auditors and regulatory bodies.
Provide full spectrum of company secretarial services ensuring Hong Kong and overseas privately-owned and listed companies be compliant with Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, Hong Kong Listing Rules and Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).
Handle KYC procedures and formation/registration of entities.
Prepare announcement, circular, proxy form, interim and annual reports.
Organize board and committee meetings, prepare notices, agenda, board minutes and resolutions, and statutory filings.
Prepare disclosure of directors’ and substantial shareholders’ interest under Part XV of the SFO.
Liaise and coordinate with internal and external parties including Hong Kong Stock Exchange, solicitors, auditors and regulatory bodies.
Responsible for account opening/maintenance of documents including local and overseas accounts, life insurance applications and currency-linked deposit orders.
Ensured compliance, AML, KYC and due diligence adhering with internal regulatory standards and government regulations.
Responsible for account opening/maintenance of documents including local and overseas accounts, life insurance applications and currency-linked deposit orders.
Ensured compliance, AML, KYC and due diligence adhering with internal regulatory standards and government regulations.
Provided sales and service to branch and served mass and affluent customers.
Responsible for new account acquisition and made referrals to relationship managers for further business development.
Responsible for completion  of personal and mortgage loan application.
Provided sales and service to branch and served mass and affluent customers.
Responsible for new account acquisition and made referrals to relationship managers for further business development.
Responsible for completion  of personal and mortgage loan application.
Provided professional advice to affluent customers on investments and financial planning.
Prepared credit applications for mortgage loans and cross-sold various banking products, including credit cards, insurance, brokerage accounts.
Provided professional advice to affluent customers on investments and financial planning.
Prepared credit applications for mortgage loans and cross-sold various banking products, including credit cards, insurance, brokerage accounts.
Program highlight: Corporate, Employment and Business Law; Strategic Management and Business Policy; Business Ethics; Corporate Accounting and Human Resources Management.
Coursework focused on Financial Statement Analysis, Management, Foreign Exchange Market, Labour and Urban Economics.
Program highlight: Corporate, Employment and Business Law; Strategic Management and Business Policy; Business Ethics; Corporate Accounting and Human Resources Management.
Coursework focused on Financial Statement Analysis, Management, Foreign Exchange Market, Labour and Urban Economics.
The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
Paper I - Fundamentals of Securities and Futures Regulation.
Office of the Commissioner of Insurance - Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination.
Paper I - Fundamentals of Securities and Futures Regulation.
Office of the Commissioner of Insurance - Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination.Address：24D, Kwai Chung Fa Yuen, 52 Wo Yi Hop Road, Kwai Chung, N.T. Tel：+852 9279 7979 Email：chester.sl.chow@gmail.com.
MAR 2016 – PRESENT Alibaba Group – Company Secretarial Officer.
To handle full spectrum of company secretarial duties for three listed companies –  Alibaba Pictures Group Limited, Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited and  AGTech Holdings Limited.
To review and negotiate contracts in listed companies’ M&A transactions.
To review business agreements, NDA, employment contracts and procurement contracts   Key Achievement:.
Assisted in over 20 disclosable transactions and connected transactions.
Reviewed and developed a group-wide code of conduct for offices in 17 countries in 4 continents with country specific appendices in compliance with local law and regulations.
JUL 2013 – FEB 2016 Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited - Assistant Company Secretarial Officer.
Prepared and reviewed annual/interim reports, various announcements and circulars.
Handled notifiable transactions and connected transactions.
Held directors’ and shareholders’ meetings and prepared pre- and post-meeting documents including minutes of board meetings and committee meetings.
Made timely SFO filing via monitoring the interests of directors, substantial shareholders and concert parties.
Established various compliance and internal control policies for the group.
Advised the board on the compliance with the Listing Rules, SFO and Takeovers Code    Key Achievement:.
Assisted in the acquisition of 50% interest of China Gold Silver Group Company Limited (3D-GOLD).
Developed and implemented the Guideline on Securities Transactions by Directors and Relevant.
Prepared annual return, tax return and other statutory documents.
Provided full spectrum of company secretarial and advisory services to the listed clients.
Reviewed annual/interim reports, announcements and circulars.
Prepared annual return, tax return and other statutory documents.
Liaised with banks and prepared bank account opening documents.
Handled ad-hoc assignments such as alternation of M&A and change of company names.
Assisted in the IPO of Chow Tai Fuk Jewellery Group Limited in 2012.
2012 - 2015  Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) in Corporate Administration.
2008 - 2010        Associate of Arts in English for Business Communication.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University – Hong Kong Community College.
  Obtained an A in Reading and Language Systems of Use of English in HKALE 2005.
Address：24D, Kwai Chung Fa Yuen, 52 Wo Yi Hop Road, Kwai Chung, N.T. Tel：+852 9279 7979 Email：chester.sl.chow@gmail.com.
Language - Excellent command in written English (British) and Chinese (traditional and simplified).
Computer - CSA, MS Word, Excel, Power Point and English and Chinese Word Processing.Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration                        Aug 2011.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration                        Aug 2011.
Software:  Company Secretarial Software CSA; Microsoft Office.
Software:  Company Secretarial Software CSA; Microsoft Office.
Reported to: Executive Director/General Manager    Team Size: independent.
Work closely with Financial Controller and named Company Secretary (outsourced to lawyer).
Providing full range company secretarial duties to whole group, both listed and private sector.
Organized Board and Committees’ meetings, notices and agendas, meeting materials and minutes.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Maintaining statutory, HKEx and SFO records, i.e. Minutes, substantial shareholding disclosures (DI filing), directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance, directors training records etc.
Conducting KYC, CRS under OECD, FATCA due diligence checking for banks, establish exempted limited partnership in Cayman as Fund structure, applying SFC RAs type 4 and 9 license.
Ensuring compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO, Listing Rule, Bermuda Companies Act 1981.
Reported to: Executive Director/General Manager    Team Size: independent.
Work closely with Financial Controller and named Company Secretary (outsourced to lawyer).
Providing full range company secretarial duties to whole group, both listed and private sector.
Organized Board and Committees’ meetings, notices and agendas, meeting materials and minutes.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Maintaining statutory, HKEx and SFO records, i.e. Minutes, substantial shareholding disclosures (DI filing), directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance, directors training records etc.
Conducting KYC, CRS under OECD, FATCA due diligence checking for banks, establish exempted limited partnership in Cayman as Fund structure, applying SFC RAs type 4 and 9 license.
Ensuring compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO, Listing Rule, Bermuda Companies Act 1981.
Reported to: Head of Group Strategic & Risk Management Department   Team Size: 3-Person.
Provided full range company secretarial support to Loscam headquarter and over 12 country office.
Maintained 16 jurisdiction trademarks and patents renewal and registration.
Legal and corporate reporting monthly, quarterly and occasional report to the China Merchants.
Conducted KYC, CRS under OECD, FATCA due diligence checking for banks on 12 countries.
Reported to: Head of Group Strategic & Risk Management Department   Team Size: 3-Person.
Provided full range company secretarial support to Loscam headquarter and over 12 country office.
Maintained 16 jurisdiction trademarks and patents renewal and registration.
Legal and corporate reporting monthly, quarterly and occasional report to the China Merchants.
Conducted KYC, CRS under OECD, FATCA due diligence checking for banks on 12 countries.
OP Financial Investments Limited (HKEx Stock Code: 1140) (SFC RAs Type 1, 6 and 9).
OP Financial Investments Limited (HKEx Stock Code: 1140) (SFC RAs Type 1, 6 and 9).
Reported to: Head of Legal and Compliance Department Team Size: 3-Person.
Provided full range of company secretarial duties for both listed and private group.
Organized Board and Committees’ meetings, prepared chairman’s speech, minutes and materials.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Statutory compliance: tax exempted Charity, Money Lender License, SFC license, registered Society.
Maintained statutory, HKEx and SFO records, i.e. Minutes, substantial shareholding disclosures (DI filing), directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance, directors training records etc.
Ensured compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO, Listing Rule and Money Lender Ordinance, Cayman Island Companies Law etc.
Liaised with external parties, lawyers, embassy, SFC, HKEx, IRD, CR, IFA etc.
Reported to: Head of Legal and Compliance Department Team Size: 3-Person.
Provided full range of company secretarial duties for both listed and private group.
Organized Board and Committees’ meetings, prepared chairman’s speech, minutes and materials.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Statutory compliance: tax exempted Charity, Money Lender License, SFC license, registered Society.
Maintained statutory, HKEx and SFO records, i.e. Minutes, substantial shareholding disclosures (DI filing), directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance, directors training records etc.
Ensured compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO, Listing Rule and Money Lender Ordinance, Cayman Island Companies Law etc.
Liaised with external parties, lawyers, embassy, SFC, HKEx, IRD, CR, IFA etc.
Poly Capital Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1141) (Associated listed companies. Stock Code: 2336, 209).
Poly Capital Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1141) (Associated listed companies. Stock Code: 2336, 209).
Assisted full range of company secretarial duties for listed group and its associate corporates.
Organized Board and Committees’ meetings, prepared chairman’s speech, minutes and documents.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Maintained statutory, HKEx and SFO records, i.e. Minutes, substantial shareholding disclosures (DI filing), directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance, directors training records etc.
Ensured compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, MLO, SFO, Listing Rule, Bermuda Companies Act 1981.
Liaised with external parties, lawyers, embassy, SFC, HKEx, IRD, CR, IFA etc.
Conducted KYC and FATCA due diligence checking for banks, assisted on ad hoc projects such as resumption of Trading a five-years suspended trading, Merge and Acquisitions, Disposal of Business, Appointment of Executive Directors and INED.
Assisted full range of company secretarial duties for listed group and its associate corporates.
Organized Board and Committees’ meetings, prepared chairman’s speech, minutes and documents.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Maintained statutory, HKEx and SFO records, i.e. Minutes, substantial shareholding disclosures (DI filing), directors and officers (D&O) liability insurance, directors training records etc.
Ensured compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, MLO, SFO, Listing Rule, Bermuda Companies Act 1981.
Liaised with external parties, lawyers, embassy, SFC, HKEx, IRD, CR, IFA etc.
Conducted KYC and FATCA due diligence checking for banks, assisted on ad hoc projects such as resumption of Trading a five-years suspended trading, Merge and Acquisitions, Disposal of Business, Appointment of Executive Directors and INED.
Compliance and Company Secretarial Assistant                            Mar 2013 ~ Jan 2014.
SBI E2-Capital Financial Services Limited (SFC RAs Type 1,4 & 9).
Compliance and Company Secretarial Assistant                            Mar 2013 ~ Jan 2014.
SBI E2-Capital Financial Services Limited (SFC RAs Type 1,4 & 9).
Reported to: Compliance and Company Secretarial Manager  Team Size: independent.
Provided full company secretarial duties to whole group companies.
Statutory corporate compliance, i.e. AR, BR, AGM, Money Lender License SFC Licenses.
Prepared minutes for statutory filing & business projects, i.e. underwriting IPO, POA, SPVs.
Conducted KYC and FATCA due diligence checking, assisted in staff dealing compliance checking, research report compliance checking, AML compliance, watch list and restricted list checking and SFC investigations under sections 181, 182 of SFO.
Maintained proper statutory records, as well as regulatory and group records.
Ensured group compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO, Money Lender Ordinance etc.
Reported to: Compliance and Company Secretarial Manager  Team Size: independent.
Provided full company secretarial duties to whole group companies.
Statutory corporate compliance, i.e. AR, BR, AGM, Money Lender License SFC Licenses.
Prepared minutes for statutory filing & business projects, i.e. underwriting IPO, POA, SPVs.
Conducted KYC and FATCA due diligence checking, assisted in staff dealing compliance checking, research report compliance checking, AML compliance, watch list and restricted list checking and SFC investigations under sections 181, 182 of SFO.
Maintained proper statutory records, as well as regulatory and group records.
Ensured group compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO, Money Lender Ordinance etc.
BMS Corporate Services Limited (Associate of HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng).
BMS Corporate Services Limited (Associate of HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng).
Reported to: Company Secretarial Manager  Team Size: 4-Person.
Provided company secretarial service for 150 private companies and two HKEx listed companies.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Maintained proper statutory records for clients and correspondence record with clients.
Conducted KYC due diligence checking for banks, review fund and bank facilities, establish nomination committee, remuneration committee, provided directors training.
Ensured compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO and Listing Rules etc.
Reported to: Company Secretarial Manager  Team Size: 4-Person.
Provided company secretarial service for 150 private companies and two HKEx listed companies.
Stock Exchange Listing Rules compliance, annual and interim results announcements, model code compliance, SFO disclosure of interest compliance, independence confirmation, AGM compliance.
Maintained proper statutory records for clients and correspondence record with clients.
Conducted KYC due diligence checking for banks, review fund and bank facilities, establish nomination committee, remuneration committee, provided directors training.
Ensured compliance of CO, BRO, IRO, SFO and Listing Rules etc.Corporate Secretariat Executive at Private Limited Company.
-Responsibility for the electronic filing of statutory form to Accounting Corporate and Regulatory Authority (ACRA);.
-Providing corporate administration and procedures advices and assistance to companies, ensuring compliance with the company's Memorandum and Articles of Association and general compliance particularly with the Companies Acts;.
-Maintaining and ensuring minute books, statutory registers and all corporate secretarial recordsare up-to-date and accurate.
- Preparation of the Salary, Payroll, Compesation, Benefit and Commission for all the staff includes management;.
- Providing support in HR functions including Local requirement and hiring, employee’s insurance plan and front desk;.
-Manage employee, HR record, recruitment and developing staff.
- Issuing of PO & preparing of the DO, Invoices, Liaising with customers therefore proceeds of their purchases;.
- Liaising with drivers for arranging and delivery goods to customers’ premises.
Accounting Knowledge, Administration Skills, Human Management, law, Management Skills, Research Skills, Secretarial Work, Taxation.
1037 Serangoon Road, Euro Asia Apartment, Singapore, 328170,.Residential Address : Blk 620 Bukit Batok Central #19-524 Singapore 650620.
The business of Premier Fiduciary Pte. Ltd. includes the provision of business management and corporate services.  They serve a niche clients from international arena and multinational corporations.
Management and maintenance of corporate secretarial work for local and overseas clients, which include Singapore, Hong Kong, New Zealand, offshore and other foreign companies.
Formation of Singapore companies and other type of legal entity formations.
Maintain and update corporate secretarial records of client companies in ViewPoint.
Attend to requests from clients and accountants/auditors for information and documents for accounting and audit requirements.
Ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the area of corporate regulatory compliance.
contact with and advise clients on company formation, company statutory administration and related matters.
Prepare minutes and resolutions of Directors and Shareholders.
Assist clients in opening/closing of private/commercial bank accounts in Singapore and overseas.
Arrange legalization of documents in different jurisdictions for clients.
Handle all the due diligence of the clients to ensure KYC and client acceptance compliance.
Advise and assist clients in closure of companies including striking off and dissolution.
Acceptor (SEA) Pte. Limited is an established corporate service provider with head office in Hong Kong and offices in Singapore, Taipei, Macau and China.  It is associated with Offshore Incorporations Pte. Limited which is one of the largest provider of offshore companies.
M&C is a leading provider of corporate secretarial and share registration services in Singapore. M&C is a leader in these specialist areas and has handled projects of varying sizes for private, public-listed and foreign companies.
Goh Secretarial is a secretarial service provider in Singapore. Its principal activity is to provide accounting, taxation advisory and secretarial services to both public-listed and private companies.
Vantage is a management & business consultants firm which provides accounting, taxation and secretarial services for private companies and Singapore branches.
Graduate and Member of the Malaysia Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
Associate of Chartered Secretaries Institute of Singapore.ACADEMIC BACKGROUND____________________________________________________________.
City University of Hong Kong – Bachelor of Business Administration   Completed in 2011 Double Major in Accountancy and Management Information System.
RELEVENT WORK EXPERIENCE AND EXPOSURE____________________________________________ KCS Hong Kong Limited (now acquired by TMF Group)   08/2014 – Present.
Perform a wide range of secretarial works, such as application for S. 45 Stamp Duty Relief, Amalgamation, Capital Reduction, and amendment of Article of Association.
Handle company formation and full range of ongoing secretarial duties for around 200 Hong Kong and offshore companies under my client portfolio independently.
Provide advisory and attend to technical enquiries to clients on secretarial matters via telephone call and email.
Alphalink Corporate Secretarial Services Limited  02/2013 – 08/2014.
Handled company formation and full range of ongoing secretarial duties for around 200 Hong Kong and offshore companies under my client portfolio independently.
Reviewed statutory records of takeover clients in entirely and handled remedial actions as necessary.
Attended to the Employment and Dependant VISA applications.
Supported mangers to provide solutions and handle clients’ enquires.
Bee’s International Group Limited (trading as “Bee’s Diamonds”)  06/2010 – 02/2013.
Assisted in preparation of Annual General Meeting documents, maintenance of proper statutory records and attended to statutory filings.
Handled various human resources function, such as recruitment, MPF matters.
Performed administrative duties, such as conduction of correspondence and minutes.
SKILLS & ABILITIES__________________________________________________________________.
Proficient handling in Viewpoint, Microsoft Words, Excels, Power Point, Chinese processing.
AVAILABILITY______________________________________________________________________ One month’s notice in advance.
CURRENT SALARY___________________________________________________________________ $21,005/month.
EXPECTED SALARY__________________________________________________________________ $28,000/month.
Associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Graduate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.Residential address:     Flat F, 45/F,Tower 3, The Zenith, Wan Chai, HK.
I am willing to work and can work with people from different background and styles. My colleagues have always enjoy working with me.
My strong language ability (both written and spoken) is one of my great assets.
Nature: Traditional PRC based Law Firm (HK: 100 professional staff).
Assist in drafting/amending legal documents(agreements and resolutions) and general com sec duties based on client’s ad hoc requirements.
Handle annual compliance for HK and offshore companies (BVI, Cayman Islands), arranging annual renewals, following up with outstanding debit notes.
Performing legal research for clients, translating clients’ documents during peak seasons.
Updating Registers, maintaining statutory records using in-house billing system and CSA software.
(2 Yrs and 2 Months)  As a Company Secretarial Associate,salary: HKD16,000.
Nature: SME corporate consulting firm (30 professional staff).
Communicating with clients, liaison with banks in opening Corporate bank accounts accompanying clients in attending bank interview.
Conducting market research, writing and preparing business development proposal for clients (subsidiaries and group companies of Korean Listed Companies).
Assist statutory filings and preparation of documents for changes of directors, shareholders and allotments, deregistration,(HK), dissolution (BVI) cases.
Arranging notarization and apostille services, visa application services and other virtual office services.
(1 yr and 6 Months)  As a Company Secretarial and administrative         assistant Salary: HKD13,000 - HKD15,000.
Handle Company Incorporation for overseas and HK Limited Companies.
Filing annual Returns and renewal of Business Certificates, monitoring statutory records and preparation of minutes, attend meetings with shareholders/Directors.
Continue to assist with profits tax filings for corporations, together with drafting replies to Inland Revenue Department for different queries.
Oct 09 – Apr 11   Self Study for HKICS Program for change of career.
Calculated tax payables and perform deferred tax calculations , Advised clients on remuneration packages.
Tax filings and preparation of tax computations - Corporations and individuals.
Prepared bank reconciliations and reviewed daily book keeping prepared by subordinates and managed the books of subsidiary.
Managed and coordinated tax compliance work for sizable clients, SME and small corporations from different sectors ,participated in tax research and UAT projects.
Assisted 5 consultants 3 managers and handled more than 35 cases during peak seasons.
Languages:  English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fair) and Cantonese.
Computer:     Microsoft Office, Chinese Word Processing, CSA, Quicken,.Address: Flat 716, Po Tai House, Po Lam Estate, Tseung Kwan O,.
I am a self-motivated person and a good team player.  I am a quick learner and enjoy learning new knowledge.  I consistently strive to achieve the best results in all my work.   I can apprehend different new concepts in a short period of time.
Hongkong Managers and Secretaries Limited - Senior Officer.
Handle a full spectrum of company secretarial duties for companies incorporated in Hong Kong, BVI, and Cayman Islands;.
Liaise with internal and external parties for company secretarial matters;.
Assist in providing coaching and support for junior members of the team;.
Handle in payroll matters such as to prepare monthly payroll calculations, final payments, MPF contribution and tax return matters;.
Manage and maintain payroll system in line with client’s payroll policy;.
Handle in share registration services including processing and registering share transfers, transmission of shares, replacement of lost share certificates, attending the Annual General Meeting and public enquiries;.
Assist in preparing the interim/annual reports, announcements and circulars of the listed company; and.
Assist in ad hoc projects as assigned by the department head or Team Manager.
Handle a full range of company secretarial duties relating to Hong Kong private companies; and - Maintain proper company’s statutory books and records in compliance with laws and regulatory.
Hongkong Managers and Secretaries Limited - Senior Company Secretarial Assistant.
Liaise with internal and external parties for company formation, maintain and handle full set of company set of company statutory records for Hong Kong, BVI and Cayman Islands companies;.
Prepare and arrange statutory filings for both Hong Kong and offshore companies; - Assist in opening bank accounts;.
Liaising with Corporate Agents for Certificate of Incumbency/ Good Standings, etc.; - Support monthly payroll operation such as data input, preparation and payroll processing; and - Prepare MPF, Payroll and filing of employee tax returns.
Regent Corporate Consultants Limited - Assistant Company Secretary.
Setting up and maintaining registers and records of new companies and updating for existing companies;.
Precise Secretarial & Accountancy Service Limited - Company Secretary.
Preparing and filing documents in relation to the annual return, change the company’s registered office, change of directors and change of particulars of directors etc.
To assist with general book keeping duties for clients and the firm;.
Assist in performing any other duties as assigned by the Supervisors.
Handle daily office administrative and office maintenance work;.
Make travel arrangements including visa applications, booking of airline tickets and hotel accommodation;.
Assisting in organization corporate events, staff activities and provide logistics support for the functions; and.
British Rollmakers Limited - Accounts and Shipping Officer.
Assist in Import / Export shipping documents; Hong Kong and China custom declaration and warehouse related jobs;.
Liaise with freight forwarders / shipping companies and vendors for shipping arrangements.
Preparing and filing documents in relation to the annual return, change the company’s registered office, change of directors and change of particulars of directors etc.
Perform routine accounting data entry work and cheque payment;.
Assist in performing any other duties as assigned by the Supervisors.
The Hong Kong Management Association Certificate in Company Secretarial Practice.
IVE (Kwun Tong Technical Institute) Certificate in Secretarial Studies.
Kwun Tong Vocational Training Centre Certificate in Business Studies.Officer, Corporate Secretarial Services at Asiaciti Trust Singapore.
To assist the Company Secretary in day-to-day secretarial matters of approximately 50 Singapore companies.
To manage a portfolio of 210 offshore companies and 4 Singapore companies. Assist in day-to-day requests from bankers and end-users. Preparation of directors' resolutions and shareholders' minutes, preparation of documents required for bank account opening, drafting invoices, chasing clients for payment, updating clients' database, sending daily requests to BVI and checking the corporate documents (Certificate of Incorporation, M&A, Certificate of Guarantee of Quality, Subscriber's minutes) for accuracy sent by the BVI office.
To assist Company Secretaries in day to day corporate secretarial duties. Duties include statutory filings with ACRA, maintaining and updating statutory register and minutes books, drafting directors’ and shareholders’ resolutions, ensuring company’s set of compliance is met while preparing documents to open bank/ trading accounts with counterparties and collating board papers for distribution to board of directors for board meetings.
To assist lawyer in preparing and filing Court documents. To make petty cash claims on behalf of the lawyer. To keep in mind the deadlines to file Court documents.
To fulfill the expectations and requirements during the internship programme. A criterion for graduation in polytechnic.1994 - 1996  B.Sc. (Economics).  2nd Class Honors (Lower Division).
1989 - 1992  Diploma in Business Administration.  Majored in Marketing.
Associate   The Singapore Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators.
Graduate of ICSA  Merit in Corporate Law & Corporate Financial Management and Distinction in Corporate Governance.
Advanced Certificate in Training & Assessment (ACTA) – Completing in Nov 2016.
Jan 2014 – April 2014 Voluntary position - Accounting and Corporate Secretarial roles.
The Ink Room Pte. Ltd. / City Play Pte. Ltd. (Bookstore arm of City Harvest Church).
FMG Corporate Services Pte Ltd (Corporate Secretarial arm of RSM Chio Lim Stone Forest).
Institute of Technical Education (College East - Accounting).
May 1997 – May 2005 Sales Consultant, Sales Manager, Manager ACCPAC (Head of Department).
Manage portfolio of clients ranging from SME, BVI companies, VWO, EDB Investment Companies to SGX public listed companies with up to 5 secretarial team members.
Advised & assisted clients on compliance of Singapore Companies Act, Code of Corporate Governance and SGX Listing Rules.
Attend regular Board meetings at SGX Listed client’s Jakarta / China offices.
Assist overseas clients in incorporating Singapore subsidiary companies.
Participated Singapore Business Federation’s Business Mission Trip to Myanmar (June 2012).
Engaged and entrenched relationship with Myanmar business partner and played a critical role in the signing of MOU with Myanmar business partner.
Responsible for the Group’s Myanmar desk for local clients who are interested in Myanmar market.
Lead a team of 2 administration staff to manage billing, disbursements and administrative needs of the department.
Liaise with Audit and Tax on inter-department workflow issues.
Liaise with supporting departments such as MIS and Finance on administration, billings and IT issues.
One of the key staff within the Group in maintaining the Group’s Client Management System.
Pivotal role in the design and development of customized Corporate Secretarial System.
Conceptualised the design of Billing & Disbursements and Work-order system.
Presented to a team of Stamford Law Corporation Partners on the MIS needs of a typical secretarial department.
Completed PCTE training with two and half years of classroom teaching experience.
Staff advisor to the Student Council, various student programmes and ITE- Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education student exchange programme.
Extensive knowledge of entire spectrum of Financial and Operation modules which includes General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Cashbook, Inventory Control, Order Entry and Purchase Order.  Additional extended modules including Lot Tracking and Serialized Inventory.
Fixed Assets System / Project Job Costing System / ACCPAC CRM System / ACCPAY Payroll Software / Adagio Accounting System / MYOB Accounting System / FACT Accounting System / OpenBravo ERP System / Micros System.
BankLink – Interface ACCPAC with various Bank’s internet banking systems such as DBS Ideal, Citibank, Standard Chartered Bank, OCBC.
Membership System – Membership database management system for associations and training centre.
Project Management System – Capturing of cost and revenue generated by individual project for construction and engineering companies.
Time Management System – Time based companies to track labour cost and service billings to clients.
Statutory Board Budgeting System – Statutory Boards annual budget allocation and expense tracking system.
Seagate Crystal Reports, ACCPAC Query, ACCPAC Sales Optimizer, ACCPAC CFO, Sales Analysis and BrioQuery Reporting and Analysis.
Setup training curriculum (both IT technical & soft skills) for all staff with regular updates on relevant topics.
Conceptualised and designed training material on Leadership topics.  Trained entire RSM Chio Lim Stone Forest group management staffs of over 140 seniors, team leaders, managers, directors and partners with innovative, unorthodox methods, especially making theoretical sessions lively and inspirational.
Conducted classroom training for customer on ACCPAC financial modules.
Identified target market, solicited prospects via specially designed marketing strategies. Shadow sales team to negotiate and close deals.
Understand customer business needs and work processes, apply relevant accounting principles to environment and provide accounting solutions with appropriate management and accounting control in place.
Managed 6 teams totaling 18 staffs, which included 4 Team Leaders/Managers.  The 6 teams were the Administration Team, Sales & Customer Relations Management Team, ACCPAC Project Implementation Team, ACCPAC Support Technical Team, R&D Team and ACCPAC Advisory Consultant Teams.
Defined vision, set and drive goals and budget for department and team level.  Implemented and monitored each team’s action plans via direct reports.
Counselling and appraisal of staff performance.  Conducted recruitment and selection of new staff.
Setup a new Customer Relations Management function within the department.
Planned and implemented CRM strategies to further penetrate existing customer base.
Planning and scheduling of manpower to provide technical support services to over 400 customers’ accounting systems, aligning tight competitive dates and limited manpower resources.
Led entire department to achieve the Premier Solution Provider Award, ACCPAC Singapore Top Solution Provider and ACCPAC Asia Pacific Top Ten Award after the downgrade of award during Asia financial crisis.
Lead the change of providing product-based services to customer-centric services.
Planned and managed new ACCPAC accounting systems implementation for customers.
Implementation includes both accounting systems and hardware infrastructure setup.
Held presentation / system demonstration to panels of ITE, NUS and NTU lecturers for their evaluation of ACPAC as their student’s curriculum.  Conducted seminars at new product launches as the main presenter.
Led the ACCPAC department to achieve the following awards from ACCPAC Software International:.
Visitation Leader / Zone Supervisor – City Harvest Church (Elderly Outreach Programme).
Led teams of volunteer workers on weekly visitations to senior citizen staying in 1-room HDB flats.  Provide companionship, food and daily supplies to elders.  Provide training and guidance to volunteers. Manage multiple visitation estates.
Cell Group Leader - City Harvest Church (Both Chinese and English congregations).
Provided guidance and counseling to a small group of young adults.  Weekly preaching of cell group sermons and ministering to members.
Communicable Disease Centre (“CDC”) Visitation Worker - City Harvest Church (Terminally ill Patient).
Completed HIV Patient Care training provided by Tan Tock Seng Hospital (Communicable Disease Centre). Perform weekly ward visit at CDC.
Leading a team of volunteer workers to ensure the smooth operation of tuition programme and children church services.Corporate Secretarial Associate at Hawksford Singapore Pte. Ltd.
•Advise clients on all aspects of corporate governance and corporate secretarial issues.
•Handle a portfolio of Singapore private limited companies and foreign companies.
•Liaising with internal and external stakeholders in catering to the client’s needs.
•Organizing and follow-up of corporate documents in managing applications, renewal and cancellations of business registration.
•Creating and maintaining of database and information in relation to statutory reminders and requirements.
•International exposure with experience in handling and communicating with different nationalities.
•Assisting in the handling a portfolio of Singapore business entities consisting of private limited companies, foreign companies and representative offices in area of advisory and compliance work in relevant company legislations an regulations.
•Incorporation of new companies, registration of branches and other entities, ensuring compliance with the requirements of the Singapore Companies Act, and other corporate secretarial related matters.
• Responsible for preparing resolutions, minutes of meetings, AGM & EGM documents and relevant documents for specific transactions.
•Lodging of statutory returns with relevant statutory bodies as required while ensuring compliance of corporate governance and statutory filing standards of Singapore.
•Maintaining and updating of statutory registers & records.
•Attend to stakeholders' enquiries and process all submitted documents relating to SRS, ensuring that problems, errors and omissions are escalated and dealt with immediately in the most appropriate manner.
•Perform checks on all documents received from stakeholders, lodging agent, SRS Client services in accordance with the necessary procedures.
•Process corporate actions, transfers, replacement cheques / certificates, proxy votes, and any other Client / Shareholders' instructions according to regulations, rules and standards.
•Comply with Group and Company Procedures and Policies while adhering to the SGX Listing, CDP Rules and Securities & Futures Act (Cap 289) and Companies Act (Cap 50).
•To develop an in depth knowledge of the clients, their industry, and key contacts.
•Provide high level of client service by communicating and servicing them proactively.
•Assist in reviewing processes and workflows to identify opportunities for continuous improvement.
•Ensure all duties are carried out according to department's Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) while meeting deadlines.
•Active monitoring of markets and provide timely updates of market information and wary of major economic data release.
•To analyze market trend while writing reports, articles and prepare presentation slides on current financial conditions on a frequent basis with the help of the Bloomberg terminal.
•Prepare and update training materials and presentation slides when necessary. Familiarizing and understanding of foreign exchange products & subjects.
•Provide online coaching support, conduct online webinars and and physical classes on fundamental and technical analysis. Assist in preparation and facilitation of training/marketing and other company's events.
•Trade actively while being involved in providing suggestions for improvement in processes, trading and training.
•Collaboration and coordinating with external stakeholders through the product lifecycle.
•Successfully set-up an innovative online and mobile platform as a sale product of the company.
•Established good working relationships with customers/clients both locally and overseas.
•Developed and implemented client service program, which expanded small-to-medium client base 35%.
•Implemented cost saving procedures which was previously outsourced.
•Utilized modern teaching methods such as e-learning and team learning.
•Identified and utilized variety of learning materials, resources and technology methods to support & improve the instructional environment.
•Involve in working closely in a group to provide clients, billing attorneys and assistants with up-to-date and accurate billing and payment information to meet tight deadlines.
•Creating and issuing of invoices, processing of delinquent invoices, billing adjustments, maintaining daily logs of transaction and data management in an accurate, meticulous and timely manner.
•Providing customer service, answering of transaction enquires for client.
•Complete billing and invoicing procedures meticulously.
•Assist superior in liaising with key personnel (internal and external) in coordinating of Battalion event, meetings and conferences including organizing and maintaining schedules and making appointments.
•Works closely with senior managerial or directorial staff to provide administrative support involving attribution of information across the organization.
•Deputising for the superior, making decisions and delegating work to others in the superior's absence, extensively involved in the decision making process.
•Handling of confidential and sensitive documents with discretion and confidentiality which includes carrying out background research and presenting findings, producing and screening documents, briefing papers, reports and presentations.
•Implemented more effective and efficiently procedures to managed schedules and appointments.
•Learnt to interact with customers of different nationalities (Indians, Koreans, Caucasian etc), dealing with difficult customers, provide alternatives for customers, going the extra mile for customer service and to create a interactive shopping experience.
•Providing customer service, product recommendation catering to customer needs, providing on-the-job training for new hires, housekeeping duties.
•Involve in annual stock taking, cash registry duties, maintaining adequate inventory and overall cleanliness of outlet.
•Provide an essential service of supplying a professional service of continuing to educate students in accordance to specific instructions left by the permanent teacher.
•Classroom management, lesson delivery, student assistance and explanation with accordance to the professional conduct guidelines while abiding by the code of practice and conduct at times.
•Learn to encourage and motivate student, while giving creative lessons in engaging student participation while contribute in making a difference in all welfare, social and educational needs of students under my duty of care.
Reason of leaving: Commence of School Year, end of school holiday.
•Receiving and running call orders from site, placement of material purchasing orders, understanding of logistics and organizational process.
•Answering client enquires, providing information and customer service, undertaking administrative and ad-hoc duties.
Reason of leaving: Commence of School Year, start of tertiary studies.
•Learnt to handle difficult customers, store layout and management, to be quick in offering alternatives for customers, going the extra mile for customer service and to create a interactive shopping experience.
•Customer service, creating awareness for existing products, marketing of merchandise, logistics management and data reporting to HQ.
Bloomberg terminal, HTML/CSS knowledge, SAP Business Management Software, Website Software - WordPress.Mathematics (D), Chinese Literature (C), Chinese History (D), History (D),.
As a Part-time Junior Secretary (Company Secretarial work included).
St. John Ambulance Brigade Competition For Nursing Cadet Uniform & Equipment 1st Runner-up.
St. John Ambulance Brigade Competition For Nursing Cadet Uniform & Equipment 1st Runner-up.
Executive committee of Graduation Dinner (Ning Po College).
Executive committee of Graduation Dinner (St. Catherine School for Girls K.T.).
St. John Ambulance member (St. Catherine School for Girls K.T.).
(Exclude Double Pay / Bonus / OT Pay / Any Allowance / Any Other Benefits).I am a person with a high sense of responsibility who strived to complete tasks that were assigned to me within the given deadline. I am motivated by new challenges and opportunities to learn new things within or exceed my scope of work. I pride myself to be someone who possesses positive attitude, good time management and strong interpersonal skill. I am receptive to constructive criticisms that will help me to improve constantly.
Assisting client to plan for corporate structure that fits into their group business, including working with the tax agent to ensure best corporate structure.
Application of various business licenses in the jurisdiction where the client operates.
Preparation of formal documentation, such as letter, notices, internal policies, etc.
Acting as corporate liaison officer of the client to liaise with legal parties such as lawyer to review and comment on the drafts including but not limited to contract, agreement, memorandum of understanding, corporate notices, etc.
Conduct due diligence for the client in take-over or merger & acquisition exercises.
Study and review the company’s operation processes, designing and implementing suitable corporate internal processes in complying with the good corporate governance standard and strong internal control in meeting regulatory requirements.
Assisting a portfolio of multi-national companies in their corporate secretarial matters which ranging from incorporation to cessation of a business and company in Singapore, including but not limited to the drafting of board/shareholders resolutions, filing of returns with ACRA and preparation of any other relevant documents.
Co-ordinating, attending to directors’/shareholders’ meetings and taking minutes of the said meetings.
Assisting client in setting up of offshore company in other jurisdiction, i.e. British Virgin Islands, and taking their instructions to prepare for various board’s/shareholders’ resolutions as and when require.
Preparation of relevant documentations and liaising with government bodies such as MOM, IRAS, ICA in relation to the client’s employment and income tax matters, as well as application of entry visa and permanent resident of Singapore.
Providing general advises to clients and ensure clients comply with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements.
Handling of administrative works for portfolios under my care, including issuance of invoices, monitoring of aging, etc.
Assisting clients to arrange documents for notarisation, authentication, legalisation with various professional parties including but not limited to foreign embassies in Singapore for the purposes of their oversea official use.
Perform due diligence check to ensure clients are complied with AML/CFT as required by the ACRA.
Supervising junior team members to perform their assigned tasks including provision of training and development, mentoring, motivation, etc.
Assisting clients in their corporate secretarial matters which ranging from incorporation to cessation of a business and company in Singapore, including but not limited to the drafting of board/shareholders resolutions, filing of returns with ACRA and preparation of any other relevant documents.
Assisting manager and associate directors in handling listed companies, including drafting of board/shareholders resolutions, SGX announcements for listed companies, arranging for directors’/shareholders’ meeting, preparation of meeting papers and annual reports, etc.
Co-ordinating, attending to directors’/shareholders’ meetings and taking minutes of the said meetings.
Assisting client in setting up of offshore company in other jurisdiction, i.e. British Virgin Islands, and taking their instructions to prepare for various board’s/shareholders’ resolutions as and when require.
Preparation of relevant documentations and liaising with government bodies such as MOM, IRAS, ICA in relation to the client’s employment and income tax matters, as well as application of entry visa and permanent resident of Singapore.
Providing general advises to clients and ensure clients comply with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements.
Assisting my company in setting up in-house Standard Operating Procedures to promote work quality by achieving effectiveness and efficiency of the firm.
Handling of administrative works for portfolios under my care, including issuance of invoices, monitoring of aging, etc.
Please refer to job specification stated in RHT Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.
The reason for leaving this company was mainly due to the disagreements arisen amongst the partners of the company (KW Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.) which resulting in the movement of whole corporate secretarial department to a new company namely, RHT Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.
GBIZONE Sdn. Bhd. (f.k.a Phuteen Interactive) (Part-time).
Assisting in promoting of various company’s products such as e-commerce services platform, webpage design, hosting, advertisement and event marketing.
assisting in coordination of work in relation to the event management and temporary staffs recruitment  on an ad-hoc basis.
Closing a deal with potential clients by helping them to achieve their marketing objectives and efforts.
Handling company’s accounting and other administrative works such as issuance of invoices, collection of debts, liaising with bankers and etc.  Carry out ad-hoc assignments as and when assigned.
Assisting in audit works by reviewing of the company financial records, statutory records, etc.
Assisting in filing of income tax return with inland revenue authority.
Hosting of casino table games for Pontoon (a.k.a Blackjack) and Casino War (one card game).
Institution: The Malaysia Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
*Left with last two subjects: (1) Corporate Administration and (2) Corporate Financial Management.
Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Commerce (Second Upper Class) Institution: Liverpool John Moores University, United Kingdom.
Advanced Diploma in Business Management (Graduated with Merit).
Diploma in Business Administration (Graduated with Merit).
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Words, Powerpoint, Outlook and etc.  Proficient in accounting system such as Locus and Lexis Affinity.
Spoken - Conversant in English, Chinese, Malay, Cantonese and Hokkien.
Good time management and able to complete allocated tasks within tight deadline.
Adaptable to fast pace working environment and cross department reporting.
Positive working attitude with strong egoism in learning of new things.
Constantly seeking ways to assist clients in resolving their problems, meeting and exceeding the clients’ expectations.
Exposures to listed companies in corporate secretarial industry.
Assisting corporate lawyers in various corporate actions such as initial public offering, reversed take-over, delisting and additional listing application.
Example of some of my prominent MNC clients which I have handled in the past are as follow:.
Approximately 6 years of industry experience since March 2011.
P/S.  Contact details and further evidence on achievement are available upon request.A member of Singapore Institute Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (Associate).
Build and took-charge of the corporate secretarial services within Deloitte Singapore.
Lead and oversee a team of corporate secretarial associates in managing a portfolio of clients.
Liaise with external and in-house clients, internal departments and lawyers in.
providing professional advice, establishing corporate secretarial processes, creating corporate compliance frameworks and drafting documents.
Provide advice and assistance in general administration matters such as budgeting and billing.
Lead and oversee a team of corporate secretarial associates in managing a portfolio of more than 100.
• Liaise with external and in-house clients, internal departments and lawyers in.
providing professional advice, establishing corporate secretarial processes, creating corporate compliance.
• Provide advice and assistance in general administration matters such.
-Handle private limited and listed companies as portfolio and provide various support secretarial services to companies.
-Provide advices and guidance on the compliance matters and filing deadline to the client from time to time.
-Provide Employment Pass Application and Renewal Services to the clients.
-Engage with different levels of client and government departments to ensure smooth communication flows and understanding.
-Responsibile to ensure that the outstanding bills of the clients will be paid on time.
- Experience with relevant statutory rules (i.e. Companies Act, Cap. 50 and Listing Rules).
-Skilled in use of internet, software applications including PowerPoint, Word and Corporate Secretarial Software (i.e Viewpoint). Excellent oral and written communication skills.
-Handle private limited and listed companies as portfolio and provide various support secretarial services to companies.
-Provide advices and guidance on the compliance matters and filing deadline to the client from time to time.
-Engage with different levels of client to ensure smooth communication flows and understanding.
-Responsibile to ensure that the outstanding bills of the clients will be paid on time.
- Experience with relevant statutory rules (i.e. Companies Act, 1965 and Listing Requirements.
-Skilled in use of internet, software applications including PowerPoint, Word and Corporate Secretarial Software (i.e Viewpoint). Excellent oral and written communication skills.
76 Punggol Walk #03-53, A Treasure Trove, Singapore, 828788,.Corporate Secretarial Assistant Manager at FTMS Consultants (S) Pte Ltd.
Managing a portfolio of clients including Singapore private companies, branches, and offshore companies under the supervision of a manager;.
Handling the complete scope of corporate secretarial duties including but not limited to company incorporation, company strike off, drafting directors’ and shareholders’ resolutions and lodgements with ACRA, IRAS and ROS;.
Organising and coordinating meetings of shareholders and board of directors;.
Attending to all corporate secretarial needs of the client and providing general advice on compliance requirements;.
Liasing with regulatory officers on compliance related matters;.
Maintaining of statutory records and other relevant documents;.
Performing customer due diligence process and conducting ongoing monitoring;.
Notarisation and legalisation of documents with embassy and SAL;.
Preparing full set of accounts and auditing simple financial statements;.
Working on other corporate or ad-hoc duties as and when assigned.
Drafting minutes and simple resolutions, e-filing forms with ACRA, preparing full and partial XBRL, e-stamping of transfer forms, updating of statutory registers, opening of bank accounts and providing general administrative support.I am keen to apply for the above position in your highly esteemed organization.
I have genuine interest in corporate secretarial work hence have taken the necessary steps to equip myself with the relevant education and training to be competent in this field. I have completed my SAICSA Executive Diploma in Corporate Administration and am currently pursuing IQS ICSA.
I am well versed with most aspects of the corporate secretarial functions and I also have good knowledge of the Companies Act. as well as the statutory requirements of the relevant Government bodies. I also keep myself abreast of the changes in the statutory requirements and practice directions to ensure that I stay well informed so as to handle my clients’ portfolios independently and efficiently.
Moreover, I have good interpersonal and communication skills that help me to work with people of different calibre and be part of any team. I am a highly motivated individual who thrives on challenges hence I multi-task well.
I assure you that with my corporate secretarial skills, knowledge and experience gained from my previous jobs, I will be an asset to the Organisation.
The enclosed resume that I have prepared includes further details of my educational and job experiences.
Certificate in Fundamentals of Company Secretarial Practice (SAICSA).
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Publisher and Computer Networking Skills.
1. Heritage Fiduciary Services Pte. Ltd.          (2015 – 2016) Manager, Fiduciary Services.
Provide advice and assistance to clients on Corporate Secretarial matters.
Liaise with Clients, Auditors, Tax agents, Bankers and Lawyers on Corporate Secretarial matters.
Drafting of necessary resolutions, minutes and documents for Company Incorporation, AGM, EGM, Shares Issuance, Shares Transfer, Change of Company name, Appointment & Resignation of Company Officers, Company Charges, Striking off of the Company, Liquidation and etc.
Electronic Lodgement of the Incorporation of Company, AGM, EGM, Shares Issuance, Shares Transfer, Change of Company name, Appointment & Resignation of Company Officers, Company Charges, Striking off, of the Company and etc. with Bizfile and IRAS (e-stamping).
Work with Compliance Officer to ensure on-boarding Companies / Clients are in line with the Compliance measures as well as the relevant authorities.
Assist Clients in sourcing out for suitable banks that fit their requirements and provide assistance in setting up meeting with the relevant Bankers.
Advice and assist Clients on work immigration matters such as application of Employment pass, Entrepreneur Pass, Long term pass, Permanent Residency and Citizenship matters.
2. Jeeves Corporate & Trust Services      (2014 – 2015)   Corporate Secretarial Manager.
Provide advice and suggestions to clients on Corporate Secretarial matters.
Liaise with Clients, Auditors and Tax agent in relation to Corporate Secretarial matters.
Drafting of necessary resolutions, minutes and documents for Company Incorporation, AGM, EGM, Shares Issuance, Shares Transfer, Change of Company name, Appointment & Resignation of Company Officers, Company Charges, Striking off of the Company, Liquidation and etc.
Electronic Lodgement of the Incorporation of Company, AGM, EGM, Shares Issuance, Shares Transfer, Change of Company name, Appointment &.
Resignation of Company Officers, Company Charges, Striking off, of the Company and etc. with Bizfile and IRAS (e-stamping).
Work with Compliance Officer to ensure on-boarding Companies / Clients are in line with the Compliance measures as well as the relevant authorities.
Assist Clients in sourcing out for suitable banks that fit their requirements and provide assistance in setting up meeting with the relevant Bankers.
Assist Clients with application of IRAS Certificate of Residency (COR).
Advice and assist Clients on work immigration matters such as application of Employment pass, Entrepreneur Pass, Long term pass, Permanent Residency and Citizenship matters.
3.  Central Chambers Law Corporation      (2011 – 2014)   Corporate Secretarial Executive.
Provide advice and suggestions to clients on Corporate Compliances matters.
Liaise with Clients and Auditors in relation to Corporate Secretarial matters.
Drafting of necessary resolutions, minutes and documents for Company Incorporation, AGM, EGM, Shares Issuance, Shares Transfer, Change of Company name, Appointment & Resignation of Company Officers, Company Charges, Striking off of the Company and etc.
Electronic Lodgement of the Incorporation of Company, AGM, EGM, Shares Issuance, Shares Transfer, Change of Company name, Appointment &.
Resignation of Company Officers, Company Charges, Striking off of the Company and etc. with Bizfile and IRAS (e-stamping).
Advice and assist Clients on work immigration matters such as application of Employment pass, Entrepreneur Pass, Long term pass, Permanent Residency and Citizenship matters.
Preparation of agenda and minutes taking for divisional meetings.
Updating & Tracking of budget utilization for entire division.
Updating & Tracking of training & courses at divisional level.
4.  eFusion Solutions Pte Ltd          (2007 – 2009)   Administrator cum Corporate Secretarial Assistant.
Preparation of agenda and minutes taking for board meetings.
Handle all corporate secretarial matters such as directors’ resolutions and etc.
Liaise with lawyers, auditors and tax agents on corporate matters such as shares subscription and etc.
Preparation of simple Directors’ and Shareholders’ Resolutions.
Electronic Lodgement of the Incorporation of Companies, AGM, Appointment and Resignation of Company Officers.
Coordination for legal and financial due diligence exercises.
Follow-up on all outstanding matters pertaining to CEO & Directors.
Update boards on key performance indicators on a weekly basis.
With effect from April 2009 I was the appointed the Chapter Administrator Entrepreneurs’ Organization (EO) my duties were as follows:.
Handle Membership recruitment matters and Member integration processes.
Coordinate all EO events such as Minister Talks, CEO Talks, Business Talks, Social events, Golf events and etc for the entire year.
Handle all administrative processes of the events such as attendance marking, feedback collation, fees collection for non-members and etc.
Preparation of agenda and minutes taking for Executive Committee meetings.
Work closely with all learning partners such as ACE, BANSEA, SVCA, SOE and etc.
5.    SINDA               (2001 - 2005)      Community Development Officer              Public Education / Youth Development/Information & Referral.
Project Coordinator (Project Vidya) – Public Education / Youth Development.
Organising of annual launch to welcome new students and parents.
Coordinate programmes that will enhance students’ performance in school.
Submission of programme reports to management, Executive Committee and Board of Trustees.
Work closely with schools and other organisations to organise activities.
Correspond to public enquiries and feedback via phone, fax and letter.
Assess individual and families who walk-in to SINDA seeking help.
Link individuals and families to the appropriate community resources and service providers.
Work closely with CDC and other not- for profit organisations.
Worked as Secretary in the Academic Excellence Award committee since 2001 – 2004.  This ceremony is organised for students who have done exceptionally well at their landmark examinations.
Worked as Secretary in the Bursary Awards 2003. This Ceremony is organised for students from low-income families who are eligible to receive bursaries on a yearly basis.
Worked as member in several other committees on ad-hoc basis.To work in a firm that could enhance the sense of accomplishment both to myself and others.
The Chinese University of Hong Kong  2017 (not yet confirmed, Current GPA: 3.511).
The Open University of Hong Kong   2013 (1st class honors; GPA 4).
Professional Diploma in Company Secretaryship and Administration (in the field of Financial Accounting).
The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries   2012-2015.
The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators  2012-2015.
For corporate clients: meeting with clients in understanding their businesses and provision of corporate advisory services; setting up of the appropriate corporate entities; maintaining the corporate records in compliance with the legal requirements; providing documentary services for reporting changes in structures of the entities and for fulfilling the annual legal requirements including the preparation of minutes, statutory forms and correspondences; providing liquidation and trust services; application of licensing and permits.
For listed corporate clients: provision of corporate advisory services; maintaining the corporate records in compliance with the legal requirements; providing documentary services for reporting changes in structures of the entities and for fulfilling the annual legal requirements including the preparation of minutes, corporate governance reports, chairman’s and directors’ reports, statutory forms and correspondences; assisting the meeting arrangements including the preparation of the rundown, chairman’s scripts, and setting up of venue; communication with the authorities including the Stock Exchange, the Share Registrar and SFC; answering enquiries of the investors and other related parities.
In-house duties: maintaining the client portfolio; leading a working team of 10 persons; assisting the IT division as end-user on system improvement; organizing and participating the training of staff; organizing staff activities and seminars.
Good command in both English and Chinese; fluent in English, Cantonese and Putonghua.
Use of word-processing, excel and power point, SPSS, Chinese word processing.• Vice chairman of a fellowship group, responsible for decision-making, coordinating and planning activities for the group.
• Previously the logistics in-charge of the fellowship group, for 4 years. Responsible for planning, managing and supporting the activities for the group.
• Sunday school teacher in church, responsible for planning lesson plans and teaching a class of youths.
• Member of a smaller group within the choir, made up of a selected few singers, which undertakes side projects.
• Oversaw the corporate secretarial needs of a portfolio of over 150 companies; advising and guiding clients on corporate compliance requirements of the Singapore Companies Act and attending Board and Shareholder’s Meeting of large corporations.
• Assisted the associates of the firm regularly on various projects outside of the team’s portfolio by advising on corporate secretarial matters and drafting relevant resolutions and documents.
• Increased team earnings through cross-selling relevant services of the firm by understanding and anticipating the client’s needs.
• Main responsibilities include providing support to members of public in handling inquiries on current policies and providing solutions to resolve any issues.
• Oversaw the day-to-day management and maintenance of the facilities of each separate offices and enrichment centres to support the other departments.
• Coordinated on the different stages of all renovation and expansion projects within the company, including the planning of the projects, to ensure the meeting of deadlines.
• Involved in the logistics and execution of all ad-hoc projects by other departments.
• Main responsibilities include coordinating of stock movements, accounting of existing stocks within the warehouse and administrative works.
• Led a small team in developing effective stocking and inventory-management systems to maximize efficiency in delivering support to production line.
• Main responsibilities include event coordination, contacting external agencies and companies for such events as well as stock collections.
• In-charge of majority of the documents to be done in the Company.
• Well-experienced in event coordination and taking charge of a team of storeman.
• Led smaller teams in developing effective stocking and inventory-management systems to minimize loss and maximize performance.
• Participated in the 2010 Best Combat Unit Competition with excellent logistic support and won.
• Involved in several leadership courses, eg. Commando Training, as well as logistic courses.Internal transfer from Aspire CS Pte Ltd to BoardRoom Limited.
• Drafting of minutes and board resolutions of directors and members.
• Assist in the incorporation and corporate secretarial work of private companies.
• Handle all the Bizfile transactions with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.
• Filing all the E-Stamping with Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
• Assist in application of employment/ dependent and work permit.
• Preparing, organising documents and attending AGM / EGM / Board/ AC / RC and NC.
• Assist Administration Manager on immigration matters and insurance claim.
• Renew CIBD license / staff membership and PETRONAS license.
• Keep track of Company’s vehicles status and office utilities condition.
• Arrange Company event such as Company annual dinner and team building.
• Obtain quotation from office supplier / car agent / travel agent / team building organizer.
• Update filing system in the departments and check staff punctuality.
Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrator.Address: Room A, 5/F., Wing Lok Building, Tseuk Luk Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Preparing trustee’s minutes for distribution to beneficiaries.
Preparing full set of set up and termination documents for Trust and Foundation.
Preparing Engagement Letter, Due diligence forms and structure chart for client adviser’s meeting.
Preparing forms and certified true documents for commercial and private bank account opening and remediation.
Handle full spectrum of company secretarial and general administration work for stand-alone and underlying company of the trust structure, including company incorporation, transfer of shares, deregistration and removal of directors.
Negotiate with liquidator in regarding to Hong Kong company liquidation.
Dealing with tax representative to track on the status of Profits Tax Return filing.
Liaising with Europe Head Office to track the status of financial statements and follow up by providing supporting documents, e.g. ledgers, Profits and Loss Account, Balance Sheet and banks statements to auditor’s auditing.
Working on ongoing project including Filing of Register of Directors and change of Registered Office and Registered Agent for BVI Companies.
Independently handle various clients enquires from across Europe and mainland listed company.
Manage a portfolio of 200 onshore companies (including companies limited by guarantee).
Preparing shareholders’ agreements and sales & purchase agreements for the clients.
Review and comment the mainland sales and purchase agreement.
Dealing with the clients’ internal and external legal counsels.
Dealing with the Macao’s lawyer for Macao’s Companies Deregistration.
Preparing minutes/ resolutions for shares swapping/ group restructuring.
Dealing with the clients for handling the corporate matters including the filing of employers' returns and profit tax returns for private limited companies.
Directly dealing with clients via meeting, telephone, fax and e-mail for corporate matters.
Dealing with the clients for handling the corporate matters which includes Hong Kong company incorporation, switching sole proprietorship to limited company, change of director/ secretary & share transfer, etc.
Maintaining both the clients and in-house company statutory records including the update of registers of directors, secretaries and members.
Independent handling of routine compliance work which includes annual returns filing, drafting of directors’ meeting & AGM minutes, change of director, secretary, company name & registered office, etc.
Performing ad hoc company secretarial duties such as company formation & deregistration, switching to sole-member/ director company, share split, increase in authorized share capital and trade mark application.
Oct 2014 to Present  Bachelor of Business Administration with Honours in Corporate Administration.
The completion of the above course is entitled to exemptions of International Qualifying Scheme, Professional Programme Part I.
The completion of the above course is entitled to exemptions of the following subjects of the examinations of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators, the United Kingdom and the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
August 1996 to June 2000 Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination.
Computer Knowledge: Windows XP, Word XP, Excel XP, PowerPoint XP, Company Secretarial Associates with Distinction, M2, FiOne, e-Archive.
Sound knowledge in company secretarial duties and corporate compliance.
Excellent interpersonal skills, reliable, responsible and persevering.(Report to Chairman, Executive Director, Financial Manager and Company Secretary).
Handle full spectrum of company secretarial duties for the listed company and its subsidiaries of the listed company in Hong Kong and offshore.
preparing Annual General Meeting (Circular, Announcement, Resolutions, statutory filing).
Liaising with external parties (e.g. Printer, registered agent and share registrar, auditors ).
Organizing board and committee meeting, preparing meeting material.
incorporation, Company Restructuring, apply certificate, maintain and update registers and Deregistration.
dealing with banking matters (Change of Bank signatures / Due Diligence).
Handle full spectrum of company secretarial duties for the listed company and its subsidiaries of the listed company in Hong Kong and offshore.
preparing Annual General Meeting ( Booking Venue, Circular,.
Hong Kong Private Companies and Offshore Companies including :- incorporation, Company Restructuring, apply certificate, statutory filing and annual payment, opening bank account, maintain and update registers and Deregistration.
Handling Hong Kong Private Companies and B.V.I. Companies including incorporation, Company Restructuring, apply certificate, statutory filing and annual payment, opening bank account, maintain and update registers and Deregistration.
Assisting auditor to deal with taxation matters and simple accounting for preparing audited financial report.
arranging classes and tutors, working schedule, accounting.
The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS) – Membership.
-  Assisting senior officers including filing, database updating, card issuing, and creating personal information database.Handling various corporate actions for the listed companies.
Job duties: Providing various banking services at the front line.
Maintaining smooth banking services and satisfy the consumer’s need.
Data Inputter (Licensing & Certification Command), Fire Services Department (Nova Management Consultants Limited).
Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Economic and Finance, Hong Kong Shue Yan University.
Candidate Promotion Secretary, Candidate cabinet of the society of Economics and Finance.
Proficient in PC knowledge in MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Adobe Dreamweaver.The Hong Kong Institute of Charactered Secretaries: Associate Member.
The Hong Kong Institute of Charactered Secretaries: Associate Member.
The Hong Kong Institute of Charactered Secretaries: Associate Member.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Goverance (Corporate Governance stream).
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Goverance (Corporate Governance stream).
．Companies formation and dissolution in Hong Kong and overseas juridications.
．Handle a wide range of company secretarial duties including arranging meetings, preparing corporate documents and  drafting minutes and resolution.
．Assisting lawyers in handling companies disputes, companies restructuring, performing due diligence tests and  preparing contracts and agreements ．Trademark registration.
．Companies formation and dissolution in Hong Kong and overseas juridications.
．Handle a wide range of company secretarial duties including arranging meetings, preparing corporate documents and  drafting minutes and resolution.
．Assisting lawyers in handling companies disputes, companies restructuring, performing due diligence tests and  preparing contracts and agreements ．Trademark registration.Group Executive Secretary - Hospital Authority Provident Fund Scheme.
The Scheme manages investment portfolios for HA employees, hiring investment managers from all over the world in different markets and categories.
Provide secretarial support to the Scheme Executives as well as investment analyst  team.
Oversee office admin and HR work e.g. office renovation; update and implement office policies, manage staff attendance records, liaise with service providers etc.
Liaise with a group of JPs, Bankers, University Professors, Doctors and Government Representative.
Liaise with internal and external parties, such as HA Head Office, Fund Houses, and Investment Managers etc.
Prepare business correspondence, presentation materials and management reports.
Schedule and coordinate appointments, meetings, travel itineraries.
Administrative Assistant - Hyundai Securities (Asia) Limited.
Reason for leaving: Resignation, Korean Boss returned to home country.
Helping the boss and his family arranging personal matters such as.
Provide secretarial support to a team of Equity Sales, Research Analysts, Bonds trader as well as Warrant team.
Schedule and coordinate appointments, meetings, travel itineraries , road shows and corporate weeks.
Prepare business correspondence, presentation materials and management reports.
Organizing Large-scale Cooperate events such as Corporate weeks, NDRs.
Handling all-rounded office administrative works (e.g. Rental, business cards, payment, checks issuing etc.).
Administration Officer - China Construction Bank International.
．Manage a range of administration works such as office relocation, renovation, drafting guidelines& plan, tele-communication system, teleconferencing, office cleaning, company insurance, plant caring, invoices, and stationary ordering.
．Processing invoices and maintaining the relationship for external vendors.
．Organize the details of special events (e.g. Board meeting, Annual Dinner), travel arrangement, agendas and itineraries.
．Assist the Head of Admin for drafting and review procedures and policies.
Cantonese, English, Mandarin, intermediate level of Japanese.
(With 15% of annual income as guaranteed gratuity, average 33K per month).Flat A, 8/F, Tower 16, Pacific Palisades, 1 Braemar Hill Road, Hong Kong.
trafficking and bankruptcy. Conducting legal research on money laundering, drug.
trafficking and corruption cases, attending court hearings (pre-trial review, trial – examination in chief and cross examination), taking instructions from clients and assisting in the courtroom.
Society, Science Society, Chinese History Society, Community Youth Club and Health Club.
Geography, Mathematics, Chinese, Economics and Psychology (AS).
English, Chinese, Mathematics, Economics, Accounting, Geography, Chinese.
Corporate team, IPO projects – pre-IPO preparation, due diligence, prospectus verification, preparation of A1 submission and listing documents, liaising with external parties and regulatory bodies; Mergers & Acquisitions projects – due diligence, preparation of deal documents; Compliance - drafting and reviewing compliance advisory documents and announcements.
Commercial and Corporate department, participating in IPO projects (both Main Board and GEM) - drafting prospectuses, due diligence and listing documents; conducting due diligence interviews and verification work on prospectuses and research on legal and regulatory requirements of the HKEX and the SFC; translating due diligence documents and liaising with external advisors and service providers on related listing matters.
Criminal department - Cases involved rape, drug trafficking, robbery, indecent assault and telephone harassment. Conducting legal research on possible criminal conviction of drug trafficking, robbery and telephone harassment in preparation for court hearing and client interview, translating witness statements in robbery and drug trafficking cases, attending court hearings (pre-trial review and sentencing), taking instructions from clients and assisting in the courtroom.
Cases involved personal injury, theft, deception, indecent assault and money laundering. Conducting legal research on lottery licence, industrial accidents relating to a personal injury claim and money laundering, attending court hearings (plea in mitigation, trial and sentencing), taking instructions from clients and assisting in the courtroom.
Cases involved divorce, money laundering, conspiracy to defraud, corruption, drug.
Conducting legal research on the Conveyancing and Property Ordinance and the Matrimonial Causes Ordinance, attending court hearings (cases involved divorce and bankruptcy) and providing administrative assistance to the firm. Follow-up work on depositions to participating in client interviews.
London International Model United Nations Conference (MUN).
The Bushcraft Adventure Camp – The ultimate wilderness experience.
Peking University Language and Cultural Exchange Programme.
Member of the English Debating Society, Japanese Club, Astronomy Society, Film.Pro-active secretary with positive mindset, possess extensive experience in providing secretarial and administrative support to Directors, managers and teams.
A team player, involving in other areas such as Social Corporate Responsibilities and planning for company’s dinner and dance and other in–house activities.
A meticulous worker with strong eye for detail, highly dependable and able to handle multi-task roles efficiently.
Good planning and organising skills, ability to get work done within deadlines.
Good interpersonal and communication skills, able to establish good working rapport with people across the organisation and work alongside people of different nationalities and cultures.
EASTSPRING INVESTMENTS (SINGAPORE) LIMITED Confidential Secretary               Nov 2013 – Aug 2016.
Provide secretarial and administrative support to the Legal & Risk Management team.  In addition, provide secretarial support to the Company Secretary and Trademark team.
Provided secretarial and administrative support to 4 Directors and 2 managers as follows:.
arranged of internal and external meetings and ensuring that all ancillary support is provided for such meetings.
handled travel arrangements and accommodations in various countries o handled all travel and expenses claims for official and personal travels  Assisted the legal management teams in respect of:.
fees paid for the relevant financial year and prepared expense reports for financial year accruals for both legal and risk management teams.
Support Eastspring Hong Kong through the provision of legal secretarial services with respect to the Infrastructure mandate.
Updated the monthly, semi-annual and annual legal reports with respect to material contracts, indemnities and significant litigation.
Coordinated with business managers on the execution of documents for signatory purpose.
Managed risk management incident reports, generating the reports for submission.
Dealt with prospectors and deeds, and endorsing them with the company seal  Liaised with various stakeholders in connection with archiving of all legal documents  Collated incident management reports from various countries and submission of reports.
Liaised with external company secretary (Boardroom) for all corporate secretarial matters, expediting the processing of invoices.
Execution of Company Resolutions involving with Board of Directors.
Liaised with relevant countries for trademarks registration and class of registration.
Recorded all the details of the trademarks (the various classes it is filed in and the difference in classes) and the registered countries in a data base sheet.
Legal Agreement Register. Single handily revamped and revised the legal agreement register from scratch involving over 3000 agreements over a period of 18 month on top of the daily work load. It resulted in easy retrieval of documents with accurate details.
Legal Documentation Portal Set-Up.  Drove the establishment of a legal documentation register portal by working closely with IT to develop a SharePoint site that stores the legal documents and allows the user to perform a search on existing legal documents;.
Project Support.  Provided legal secretarial support to various projects - system vendor selection, liaising with external law firms / various types of vendors for Fund Managements.
Provided similar set of duties and responsibilities in all 3 law firms.
Wrote to clients confirming their attendance in court and provided necessary information.
Billed clients, prepared various court documents such as summons, affidavit, exchange of affidavit and evidence-in-chief, entering appearance, pleadings, statement of claims, EFS filling (electronic filing system), Prospectus and Deeds, Sea-web search & ACRA search.
Checked invoices according to the lawyers’ time clocked and liaised with the finance team, for issuing of cheques.
Dealt with vessel details (extracting from MPA portal for reports).
Co-ordinated meetings with clients (internal and external);.
Maintained director's schedules and appointments, travel arrangements;.
TEACLY PTE LTD Public Relation Officer & Administrator           Aug 2009 - Feb 2011.
 Tasked as Assistant Manager, in-charge of administration, coordinate with the public on their  enquiries and attend meetings to find solutions on how the service can be provided well.
 Held various temporary assignments providing secretarial and administrative support to directors and teams in conveyance, litigation and corporate secretariat.
 Participated in many volunteering programs with the company – one of the highlights is to station in Bantayan Island for a week to build houses for those who were affected by the typhoon in 2013.
Trust Management Groups Personnel Effectiveness Course, Jul 2007.32 Segar Road, #04-17, Blossom Residences, Singapore, Singapore 677722.
An assistant manager with more than five years' experience in the banking and finance industry as well as the procurement industry. Skilled in building relationships with multi-national clients as well as on-boarding these clients. Analytical problem solver; able to assess the requirements of the growing  companies as well as finding the best and most innovative solutions to meet the needs of these companies.
Extensive international experience, with a deep understanding of diverse cultural and business practices. Skilled in building strong, value-adding relationships with multi-national companies. Fluent in written and spoken Cantonese as well as Mandarin.
A strong communicator, I have built up the experience in leading a team as well as leading the revamping of the various departments in my previous work and internship stints. Strong organisational skills have also been developed via the various events organised both in school days as well as in a voluntary capacity.
Customer Service & Purchasing    Project & Product Development.
Solutions Building & Creative Problem Solving    Process Development & Implementation.
Relationship Development & Maintenance    Leadership, Training & Team Development.
Client, Supplier & Corporation Communications    Proficient in MS Office.
APS Asset Management Pte Ltd, Singapore – Client Services Manager.
Monthly reporting and communication to clients and institutional investors.
Meeting clients and prospective investors with portfolio managers and analysts.
Preparation and on site coordination for annual Client Event in various locations.
Assist sales and marketing team in organizing pitch books and meeting preparations.
Preparation and on site coordination for APS Board Meeting and Funds Board Meeting in various locations   Coordination of meetings and arranging travel schedules.
Educate client on the products as well as the necessary administrative procedures.
Putting my consultative skills to work by identifying and analysing client's needs to ensure high client satisfaction, growth and retention of   business.A highly efficient and competent company secretary with 13 years’ experience in the company secretarial field.  Keen to find a challenging company secretarial position with a successful and ambitious company that offers opportunities for career development and advancement.
- Bachelor of Business Administration (Major in General Finance).
- Charltons (Boutique Hong Kong Law Firm focusing on corporate finance).
Handling full spectrum of company secretarial matters for Hong Kong and offshore companies (such as BVI, Cayman Islands, etc.) including:.
Preparing relevant forms and arranging necessary filing with the Companies Registry and/or the Inland Revenue Department in a timely and accurate manner.
Providing advice to clients on company secretarial matters.
Liaising with auditors, offshore agents and professional parties.
Assisting lawyers in the firm in handling corporate finance matters, such as mergers & acquisitions transactions, corporate restructurings, etc.
Reporting directly to the principal partner and partners in the firm.
Obtaining Know Your Client (KYC) documents from clients and ensuring the KYC documents comply with the Law Society’s Practice Direction P (guidelines on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing) and the firm’s internal KYC policy.
- Global Consultants and Services Limited (Professional Firm).
Handling full spectrum of company secretarial matters for Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Supervising Company Secretarial Assistants in daily works.
Coordinating the works between Company Secretarial Manager and Company Secretarial Assistants.
Handling full spectrum of company secretarial matters for Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Good listener with a remarkable ability to understand instructions while paying attention to detail.
Responsible attitude targeted at ensuring completion of jobs in a time efficient manner.(KCS is a leading independent corporate services company across Asia and was the Corporate Services Division of KPMG Hong Kong. TMF Group is a leading global business provider, operating in more than 120 offices in over 80 countries and employs more than 6,500 qualified professionals.).
Assist in provide full range of company secretarial services to a portfolio of listed companies (both Main board and GEM Board) from various industries (Property Development, Semiconductors, Securities, Pharmaceutical Products, Travel & Tourism etc.,) and jurisdictions (Cayman Island, PRC, Bermuda, Luxembourg etc.,).
Assist in preparing and reviewing documents including board minutes, resolutions, announcements, circulars, quarterly reports, interim/annual reports and other corporate publications.
Liaise with clients, other professional parties and government authorities.
(a company listed on the Main board of the SEHK, stock code 1428) COMPANY SECRETARY ASSISTANT                      Nov 2012 – Jun 2013 Duties:.
 Assisted in provide full spectrum of company secretarial duties to the Company and its subsidiaries and over 400 private companies.
Good knowledge of corporate secretarial practice, familiar with Companies Ordinance, Listing Rules and other relevant rules and regulations.The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.Senior Manager at Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte Ltd.
1. Manage a portfolio of clients, including attending to client’s board meetings, incorporation of companies, registration of foreign branches/representative offices.
2. Provide advice to clients on corporate secretarial matters.
3. Manage client’s deliverables to ensure that agreed timelines are met.
4. Maintain relationships with existing clients to ensure client satisfaction.
6. Ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements including meeting deadlines.
7. Act as named Secretary for both listed and unlisted companies.
9. Lead and manage a team of six staff to service clients’ needs including work review, coaching and staff development.
1. Provide support on all aspects of corporate secretarial and general administrative services for both local and overseas companies within the Group.
2. Organize and attend Board and Board Committee meetings and shareholders’ meetings and record minutes of meetings.
3. Prepare/ review resolutions, meeting papers, annual reports and announcements.
4. In-charge of ACRA and SGXNet announcement and ensure compliance to Companies Act, Code of Corporate Governance, Securities and Futures Act and SGX listing requirements.
5. Own and develop good working relationships with Compliance, Finance, Treasury, Executive Assistants of Directors and senior management, and other key stakeholders.
1. Manage a portfolio of clients, including attending to client’s board meetings, incorporation of companies, registration of foreign branches/representative offices.
2. Provide advice to clients on corporate secretarial matters.
3. Manage client’s deliverables to ensure that agreed timelines are met.
4. Maintain relationships with existing clients to ensure client satisfaction.
6. Ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements including meeting deadlines.
7. Act as named Secretary for both listed and unlisted companies.
9. Lead and manage a team of six staff to service clients’ needs including work review, coaching and staff development.
1) prepare corporate resolutions andupdate and maintain statutory records;.
2) supervise staff in the day-to-day routine company secretarial work and review their work to ensure that the deadlines, accuracy and quality of work are met.
3) provide overall administrative support to the Corporate Secretarial Department;.
5) attend to all statutory filing requirements prescribed by the Companies Act;.
6) handle incorporation of companies which include registration of business name / foreign branches / representative offices etc related;.
7) manage a portfolio of clients and provide advice on corporate secretarial matters;.
8) liaise with auditors, bankers, tax agent and other professionals; and.
9) attend meetings of directors and shareholders and record proceedings of these meetings.
1) Prepare board papers for Directors meeting, audit committee meeting and shareholders meeting.
2) Provide company secretarial assistance and support to the Group of companies and ensure statutory compliance.
3) Oversee database management of Group of companies to ensure accuracy of records.
4) Liaise with overseas secretarial support personnel to update database of overseas- companies within HQs portfolio.
5) In charge of overseas subsidiaries in Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines and Hong Kong.
1) Handle portfolios ranging from corporate insolvency, investigation, system review, litigation support, corporate secretarial advice and Trustee in Bankruptcy.
2) Monitor day-to-day administrative function of portfolios.
3) Provide clients with progress report to keep them up to-date.
4) Attend to queries from clients, creditors and various governmental authorities.
5) Serve as liaison between clients and other professionals such as lawyers, Company Secretaries and Auditors.
8) Responsible for coordinating all administrative aspect of the directors, shareholders and creditors meeting.
9) Maximize the recovery from the realization of an insolvent organizations asset for the benefit of creditors.
11) Organize companys functions (such as annual dinner and dance, Christmas parties) and activities (Standard Chartered Marathon).
12) Accurate, dependable and dedicated to doing best possible job.
13) Team player, able to build strong rapport with diverse range of coworkers, management and clients.
14) Diplomatic, tactful; communicate well with a wide range of personalities.
15) Flexible to respond quickly and solve problems when matters need immediate attention.
1) Handle portfolios ranging from Members Voluntary Liquidation, Creditors Voluntary Liquidation, Court Winding Up, Receiverships and Trustee in Bankruptcy.
2) Monitor day-to-day administrative function of portfolios.
3) Draft reports and correspondences and provide clients with progress report.
4) Attend to queries from clients, creditors and various governmental authorities.
5) Responsible for coordinating all administrative aspect of the directors, shareholders and creditors meeting.
6) Maximize the recovery from the realization of an insolvent organizations asset for the benefit of creditors.
1) Manage a portfolio of hundreds over client ranging from local private limited companies, listed companies, off-shore companies and branch companies.
2) Able to independently manage all office administrative activities.
3) Perform secretarial support functions to the Director and Managers.
4) Develops rapport and builds relationships with clients through attention to detail in defining needs and providing service and solutions.
5) Able to effectively communicate with clients, management and staffs.
6) Able to consistently meet deadlines and maintain sense of humor under pressure.
7) Maintain accurate, up-to-date client records and database.
8) Serve as liaison between clients, auditors and other professionals.
9) Able to maintain composure and work efficiently in a fast-paced environment while preserving strict confidentiality.
10) Draft resolutions relating to agenda, notices, directors and shareholders meetings for private limited companies.
11) Assist clients to incorporate local companies, foreign branches and representative offices.
12) PC proficient with a wide variety of computer software applications.Associate Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS) and The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
Experienced in providing full spectrum of company secretarial duties and     services to over 200 companies incorporated in Hong Kong, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands and Marshall Islands, including private companies and listed companies.
Experienced in handling compliance matters with the Companies Ordinance and Listing Rules.
Well-versed in company secretarial and corporate governance practices and statutory requirement.
Experienced in preparing and reviewing annual and interim reports, monthly reports, circulars, disclosure of interest and announcements.
Experienced in setting up and maintaining Share Award Plan for clients.
Experienced in assisting Investor Services teams in holding annual general meetings.
Excellent command of written and spoken English and Chinese.
Proficient in MS Office applications, Chinese word processing and ViewPoint software.Member of the Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).
Completed the E-learning course “Business Finance” on 25 June 2008 from NTU,Centre for Continuing Education.
As the second generation of Singapore permanent resident, enlisted to serve the National Service in this two years and appointed as ordnance logistic assistant.
Obtained a Bachelor of Law, majoring in Science of Law in Hua Qiao University which located in China. This course include: Economic Law Of China, Company Law Of China, The Trading Law In China,Pratice Of International Trade, Commercial Law, Inheritance Act Of Marriage And Family, Law Of Labor In China, etc.
The address of the university is China, Fujian province, Quan Zhou City,Hua Qiao University.
Completed the course of arts & commerce study in the senior section of FYHS, and passed the final examination.
---Member of foreign student communication organization(China, Fujian Province).
Won second prize in mandarin speech (group competition) in Hua Qiao University.
Mandarin - Proficient, English - Normal, Hock Kian - Proficient,.
Dynamic,creative,aggressive,self-motivated and result oriented.
Swimming, basketball, reading and outdoor activities for knowing people from each level and sharing experience with them.
Oversee in house Listed Company corporate secretarial works;.
Liaise and co-ordinate with Singapore / overseas secretarial agents and subsidiaries’ in-house legal / secretarial departments on all secretarial records and updates of such records and filing of returns;.
Coordinating with Polling agent, scrutineer agent and share registrar for annual and extraordinary general meeting;.
Arranging for signatures of directors and authorised signatories.
Appointed as Company Secretary and Corporate Secretarial Supervisor.
Provide corporate secretarial services to a portfolio of diversified clients, for  Singapore Companies, foreign company and representative office.
Maintains and update the statutory records of clients’ companies and handle portfolio of clients independently;.
Give training and lead the staffs for due diligence check, risk assessment, documents identification .
Prepare and manage resolutions, meeting papers and others to clients;.
Statutory filings to ACRA and liaise with ACRA officer for inspection and others;.
Incorporate of companies and registration of foreign business;.
Arranging for signatures of directors and authorised signatories.
Give advice to immigration consultation, operate EPOL account.
Appointed as Corporate Secretarial Executive by Clasis LLC.
Support the Corporate Lawyers on corporate secretarial matter and administrative duties;.
Maintains and update the statutory records of the companies within the Group and handle portfolio of clients;.
Act and provide secretarial work and guidance for oversea associates;.
Assist in preparation the documents for AGM and EGM to the shareholders;.
Maintaining all statutory books, registers, share certificates, and Company Seal.
Arranging for signatures of directors and authorised signatories;.
Arranging for notarization and legalization of documents with different Embassies in Singapore;.
Apply business license with various government department;.
Appointed as Corporate Secretarial Executive by Rockwills Corporate Services Pte Ltd.
Report to Manager, Senior Manager on general corporate secretarial and administrative duties;.
Know/familiar with drafting of various resolution, i.e, incorporation, change of shareholders, change of directors/secretary, establishment of bank accounts, alternation of M & AA, allotment of shares, Issuance of Debenture & Bond, striking off, etc;.
Manage communication with internal clients, overseas colleagues, banks, lawyer and authorities;.
Annual Compliance work including filing of necessary forms with Companies Registry, maintenance of Statutory registers and minute book for inspection;.
Act and provide company secretary work for Companies registered in Singapore, communicating with clients' personnel and personnel from the various accounting/audit firms and government authority;.
Appointed as Corporate Secretarial Executive by CFM Pte Ltd.
Prepare minutes of Directors' and shareholders' meetings and Shareholders' resolutions for business transactions.
Ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements.
Perform any duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Manager.3/30/2017—Status set to "@@system.status.replied" for "CIM - COSEC" by.RESIDES   Block 152, Lorong 2 Toa Payoh #33-328 Singapore 310152.
LAST SALARY HK$1,005,960 per annum (equivalent to S$179,860 per annum).
1984 – 1985                        Higher Diploma in Company Secretaryship & Administration 1982 – 1984 Higher Diploma in Management Studies.
The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
Leading European professional firm in Singapore dealing with private equity funds clients.
Reporting to Regional Head, Asia Pacific and in charge of corporate secretarial department consisting of 18 staff, assisting clients in relation to company secretarial matters and providing advice on corporate governance issues. Acting as named company secretary for clients’ companies. Assigned to streamline the work procedures of the whole office, to change the practice of the company secretarial department and to increase the billings so as to improve the profitability of the company.
JUL 2016 – OCT 2016 BOARDROOM CORPORATE SERVICES (HK) LIMITED, HK.
Listed leading corporate sercretarial services provider in Singapore and having regional offices worldwide.
Reporting to the Executive Director and Head of Corporate Secretarial Department and in charge of a listed company secretarial team taking care of the company secretarial issues of 22 listed companies clients and handling all listed matters for clients including, but not limited to, annual, interim and quarterly results announcements and related reports, monthly return, circular and related documents regarding connected transactions, major acquisitions and disposals issues, bonus shares, rights issue, subdivision of shares,  adpotion of share option scheme and advising clients on corporate governance compliance matters. Achieved in assisting the Head of Corporate Secretarial Department to increase the number of listed companies clients from 12 to 22 in two months’ time.
Famous conglomerate invested in manufacturing and trading of toys, leather goods and shoes, financial servcies and securities, property deveopement and investment, media publishing, travel, argriculture and forestry owned by Hong Kong tycoon, Mr. Robert Ng.
Reporting to Group Chief Financial Officer and in charge of group company secretarial department of 5 subordinates to handle three listed companies, namely South China Holdings Company Limited (stock code 413), South China Financial Holdings Limited (stock code 619) and South China Assets Holdings Limited (GEM Board stock code 8155), drafting all announcements, circulars and related documents and translating into Chinese thereof without outsourcing and all related company secretarial matters for the whole group of companies consisting of over 700 subsidiaries, handling the secretarial matters of boss’s private groups including media publishing and travel, advising the Board on the latest rules and regulations of good corporate governance compliance.
Achieved in streamlining the database and filing system, rearranging storage and office space to achieve better and safer working environment for department staff, setting up library for the department, creating written communication and working with priorities mode for the colleagues and led an IPO project for the fourth listed company for the Group.
Reason for leaving: Different philosophy of managing staff which led to too much workload.
Well known conglomerate invested in property development, hotel, clubs, media and etc owned by Malaysia and Hong Kong tycoon, Mr. Robert Kuok.
Reporting to Group Company Secretary, led a team of 8 assistants and in charge of Kuok Singapore, Kuok Malaysia, Kuok Foundation, South East Asian companies, trust companies, charity foundations, MPF and ORSO schemes and fund investment documentation for the Group, handled merger and acquisition due diligence, club membership transfer and sale, issue of debentures, clubs’ various license renewal, trademark and domain names renewal, matters of subsidiaries doing insurance business, compliance matters of listed subsidiaries in respect of major shareholders’ issues, trading of listed shares, responsible for applying tax exemption under section 88 of Inland Revenue Ordinance, set up representative offices for foundations, purchase and sale of aircrafts, vessels and properties for the Group and other secretarial issues like deregistration, liquidation, dormancy, foreign company registration, banking and compliance matters, reviewed agreements and took minutes of physical board meetings, liaised  with lawyers, auditors and bankers from time to time, handled administration matters of the department, improved the templates and standard documents used by the staff and updated the contents of the library of the department.
Achieved in assisting the Group’s internal audit exercise in relation to Company Secretarial Department, writing secretarial manual and giving training to the staff in respect of the new Companies Ordinance, Hong Kong, streamlining the operation of the department by designing portfolio accountability system for the staff, liaising with professional firms in relation to the terms and conditions of services providing to the Group, leading database upgrading project and documents saving system, designing useful forms for inter-departmental use.
JUL 2011 – SEP 2011 NORTH ASIA CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED, HK.
Long established international secretarial services provider.
Reporting directly to the Managing Director, led a department of 20 professional secretarial staff to provide secretarial services to clients in various jurisdictions eg Belize, Seychelles including supervising compliance work for listed companies clients, in charge of setting up standard secretarial documents for use by the staff, provided training to the staff and gave advice to the staff with regard to secretarial issues, reviewed difficult tasks, in charge of 2 department secretaries including their administration work for the department.
Jan 2010 – nov 2010         Orangefield Management (Hong kong) limited,HK.
Head of Corporate Secretarial Department (Manager,  Corporate Services).
Worldwide corporate and trust services provider, formerly known as ING Trust.
Reported directly to the Managing Director and being the Head of Corporate Services Department, helped worldwide clients to incorporate companies in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions, in charge of listed companies clients’ compliance matters, handled CIES applications and security license applications.
organised board meeting and shareholders’ meeting and took minutes for clients, set up WOFE for clients, arranged notarisation, acted as bank signatory for clients, reviewed contracts and agreements for clients.
Assisted the company in business development including establishing new business contacts and developing new service line, built and led the department to meet the business target, developed and maintained client relationship, administration and corporate law/shareholder/director related issues and ongoing management of new/existing/potential clients, liaised with clients on all corporate secretarial services related matters and ensured quality of services, provided guidance and direction to the corporate secretarial services teams to ensure consistency in the application of related statutory and legal policies and practices, managed and obtained resources to ensure effective delivery of quality services.
Achieved in streamlining the operational system of the department, introducing new services like CIES, WOFE for the company, running regular training for the secretarial professional staff, changing the filing and database system.
Reported directly to the Managing Partner and in charge of the secretarial department, dealt with formation of Hong Kong and offshore companies, handled compliance issues for listed companies clients.
assisted clients to open bank accounts, provision of nominee director and shareholder services, legal certification services and handling trademark, patent and design registration in Hong Kong and worldwide.
helped clients to organise board meetings and shareholders’ meetings.
organised press conference and road show for clients and dealt with immigration matters for overseas clients, assisted clients to set up business in Hong Kong including applying related licenses and renting premises for them, sourcing, marketing and cross-selling new clients for the Company, reviewed contracts for clients.
Achieved in turning the financial position of the company into positive by soliciting new clients for the company and good debt collection.
Reason for leaving: Company closed down due to retirement of boss.
Sep 2007 – nov 2007        Enviro Energy International Holdings limited,.
No. 1 and only one enviro- energy and resources related development and management company listed in  using information technology solutions to upgrade productivity of oilfields and enhancing petroleum and coalbed methane reserves around the world.
principally through the application of the CO2 sequestration technology.
handled announcement, circular, quarterly, interim and annual  results, organised board and committee meetings and general meetings, advised and updated Board Members changes in GEM Listing Rules and Code on Corporate Governance Practices, in charge of share option schemes, investor relations, public relation function and corporate image affairs.
Achieved in finalising a Joint Venture with PetroChina Company Limited whose “H” shares and American depository shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”) and the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., respectively in relation to a project in exploitation of petroleum resources activities and production of petroleum in Jilin, PRC and handled the related very substantial acquisition documents and liaised with HKEX and professionals throughout the period and achieved in streamlining the operations, marketing, human resources and administration of the Group in Hong Kong.
Nov 2006 – may 2007        Wang On Group Limited, HK (stock Code 1222) Main.
Head of Company Secretarial Department (Assistant Company Secretary).
No. 1 wet market operator in Hong Kong, agricultural products wholesaler in PRC and property developer listed in Hong Kong and holding company of Wai Yuen Tong Medicine Holdings Limited (Stock Code 897) and LeRoi Holdings Limited (Stock Code 221) Main Board owned by Hong Kong tycoon, Mr. Tang Ching Ho.
Reported directly to Chairman and Managing Director, in charge of company secretarial department.
reviewed announcement, circular, annual report and interim results, liaised with professionals, stock exchange officials and government authorities, handled formation of joint ventures in PRC.
prepared board meetings, committee meetings and shareholders’ meetings, advised the Board on compliance with listing rules in Hong Kong and update on corporate governance practices, maintained register of shareholders and directors and monitored changes in share ownership and directors shareholdings, administered share option schemes, handled share investment for the Group and trust matters for the boss, in charge of investor relation function, public relation function and marketing function for the Group, reviewed contracts and agreements for the Group, in charge of trademark, insurance matters and money lending matters, achieved in organising several big conferences for new agricultural products wholesale markets joint ventures with PRC partners, organised a road show in Japan and succeeded in soliciting institutional investors for Wang On shares and successfully handled the PR affairs after the fire accident in Hau Tak Wet Market in April 2007.
Apr 2005 – oct 2006     Daka Designs Limited, HK, Singapore Listed.
Leading design, manufacturing and distribution company of innovative electronic lifestyle products listed in Singapore.
Reported directly to Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, in charge of secretarial department, prepared announcement, circular, annual reports and interim results.
organised and attended board meetings, committee meetings and general meetings as well as prepared minutes, ensured compliance with all statutory requirements and listing rules, advised, monitored and reported on corporate governance matters as required by listing rules, in charge of intellectual property (“IP”) registration included design, patent and trademark and maintained intellectual property management system.
responsible for protection of all IP rights, handled product liability insurance, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and infringement insurance for the Group, maintained share option scheme, handled share investment for the Company, reviewed and drafted agreements for the Group and translation, liaised with regulatory authorities and professionals and bankers and responsible for investor relation and directors’ communications for the Group and handled secretarial matters for bosses’ private companies and investment.
achieved in several IP litigations for the Group, designed and administered a computerised IP management system for all IP registrations (about 300 cases) for the Group.
helped the Executive Chairman to win a best award for Excellent IP Management Company Competition organised by Hong Kong Productivity Council, assisted the smooth change over of the listing status of the company-privatisation and at same time served and dealt with nine different interest groups including shareholders, existing management, interim management formed by appointed consultancy firm, audit committee and special committee for this incident and independent non-executive directors, executive directors, professional advisers and Singapore Stock Exchange and handled the media affairs for this particular privatisation.
Leading transformer manufacturing and environmental company listed in  and.
Reported directly to Chairman and Executive Director, in charge of secretarial department, dealt with lawyers, professionals, government authorities and Australian Stock Exchange, attended board meetings and prepared minutes, announcements, circulars, annual reports and interim reports and organised annual general meetings and special general meetings, drafted legal documents and contracts and handled investment projects and ad hoc assignments for the Group and the boss, achieved in helping the group to formalise and streamline its structure and operations in Hong Kong and overseas and in leading a spin-off and IPO of its major subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Singapore.
Reason for leaving: Declined Company’s offer to relocate to listed subsidiary in Canada.
In charge of membership department, ran hotel membership program for its US listed group in Hong Kong, trained sales persons, designed training program, reviewed different marketing and hotel programs for headquarter around the world, in charge of the whole operations of its program, human resources and administration, public relations and marketing function, customer service, hot line centre, sales centre, membership card issuing and related company secretarial duties including instant translation of different languages for sales persons and expatriate staff, professionals and hotel management, achieved in winning the best global operation prize of sales centre, the best global selling centre, the best global performance executive.
Leading OEM Manufacturer of branded home appliances products like Philips, Sanyo owned by late Hong Kong tycoon, Mr. Suen Chi Sun.
Acted as Corporate Secretary of the whole company consisting of 9000 staff both in Hong Kong & China, reported to Managing Director.
Reviewed legal documents and contracts, took care of patents, royalties, tenancy agreement, banking facilities and insurance matters, prepared minutes for management committee and directors’ meetings, in charge of secretarial matters for the Group and trust matters for the boss.
Achieved in setting up a viable trust for the late founder of the group and his family, ran an unforgettable funeral for the late founder.
assisted the group to run business without banking finance, better coordinated different departments in  and PRC and other regions and gave new ideas on products invention like electric fried rice cooker.
Jun 1996 – jul 1997          Chinese Estates Holdings Ltd, HK (stock code.
Leading listed property development company owned by Hong Kong tycoon, Mr. Joseph Lau.
Reported to Company Secretary, prepared announcement, circulars, annual reports, interim reports and arranged meetings for the shareholders and directors, in charge of secretarial matters for certain property projects like Lu Wu Commercial Complex and film and records production, entertainment and restaurant businesses and money lending business.
Achieved in assisting the IPO of Evergo China Holdings Ltd in HK and completion of the sale of Entertainment Building at high yield for the Group.
jul 1986 – oct 1995       Coopers & Lybrand, Hong Kong and singapore.
Led a secretarial team of the secretarial department, gave advice to clients on all secretarial and legal matters including taxation, merger & acquisition and reviewed documents for subordinates. In charge of listed company, Yaohan.
In charge of a secretarial team and reported to Director and Manager, mainly in charge of clients from Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and South East Asia.
Achieved in leading a team to design special secretarial documents like M&A for Professional Engineering companies in , redesigned billing system for the company secretarial department and set up charity organisations for client in.
boss entrusted with full discretion in providing clients with suitable quotation under own portfolio, always met new clients quota and maintained good rapport with clients like International Merchandise Mart (“IMM”) and kept good debt collection from clients and did marketing and cross-selling of secretarial services between departments.
Acted as secretarial senior and reported to the Manager directly.
Handled secretarial matters for clients and accounting work for the listed company, The Law Debenture () Ltd.
Prepared annual returns, minutes, trust and payroll documents.
Achieved in assisting partner in drafting standard trust deed for use by clients and drafted compliance lists and standard documents of introducing various secretarial services to clients for use by colleagues and provided assistance in running secretarial seminars for colleagues and assisted in designing induction training for new comers and being the first Lingnanian employed by Coopers & Lybrand, Hong Kong.
Trading company owned by Hong Kong tycoon, Mr Stanley Ho’s family.
In charge of office daily administration, human resources, import and export, trading, marketing function.
1984-85 (Lingnan Year 3)  External Vice-Chairman of Students’ Union of.
1982-84 (Lingnan Year 1 & 2) Chairman of Business Management Association of.
1982-83 (Lingnan Year 1)  Vice-Chairman of Computer Club of Lingnan.
1976-79 (Secondary 3 – 5)  Chairman of School Recorder Band of.
1972-74 (Primary 3 – 6)  Chairman of School Band of Tung Wah Group of.The Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (Lee Wai Lee) [formerly known as Lee Wai Lee Technical Institute].
Full passed for all subjects attempted in Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination.
¨  Annual compliance of Hong Kong main listed companies.  Services include but not limited to annual and interim reports preparing,.
announcements and circulars drafting, proof-reading, translating.
¨  Full set of corporate secretarial works for Hong Kong guarantee companies, Hong Kong private companies, offshore companies and non-Hong Kong companies.
¨  Annual compliance of Hong Kong main listed companies in industries of food catering, farming, investment, mining, vehicles energy fueling, beauty services, aircraft, gambling.  Services include but not limited to annual and interim reports preparing, announcements and circulars drafting, proof-reading, translating.
Full set of corporate administration works for its one client being a start-up NGO to handle MPF, employees insurances, intern recruiting, payments approval, meetings arrangement with top management, etc. for almost one year.
Trademark services in regions of Hong Kong, PRC, and other countries.
Annual compliance review for a group of companies before main board or GEM board listing in HKEx by global initial public offer.
Full set of corporate secretarial works for Hong Kong guarantee companies, Hong Kong private companies, offshore companies and non-Hong Kong companies.
¨  Attending Annual Return to the Communication Authorities for Hong Kong companies hold a Non-Domestic and a Domestic Pay Television Programme Services Licenses.
¨  Attending secretarial works for subsidiaries, associates and joint venture corporations incorporated in.
Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands; and co-ordination with secretarial firms for secretarial matters of any group companies of jurisdiction.
in Singapore, Philippines, US, Panamas, Taiwan, PRC and Bermuda.
¨  Assisting in preparation and proofreading of a combined directors’ report, circular and board meeting date announcement for a Hong Kong main board listed corporation.
¨  Attending Annual Return to the Communication Authorities for Hong Kong companies hold a Non-Domestic and a Domestic Pay Television Programme Services Licenses.
¨  Attending secretarial works for subsidiaries, associates and joint venture corporations incorporated in.
Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands; and co-ordination with secretarial firms for secretarial matters of any group companies of jurisdiction.
in Singapore, Philippines, US, Panamas, Taiwan, PRC and Bermuda.
¨  Assisting in preparation and proofreading of a combined directors’ report, circular and board meeting date announcement for a Hong Kong main board listed corporation.
A full set of corporate secretarial matters for 400 clients’ private companies of jurisdiction in Hong Kong, the British Virgin Islands,.
Samoa, the Bermuda, the Cayman Islands and 2 to 3 Hong Kong private companies limited by guarantee.
Corporate secretarial matters include but not limits to company incorporation, changes of directors, secretaries and bank authorized signatories, change of registered office, bank account opening, shareholding transfer, share allotment, increase of share capital, division of.
par value of each shares, consolidation of par value of each shares, loan capitalization, change of name, alteration of Articles of.
Association, updating Memorandum and Articles of Association, closure of bank account, deregistration, members’ voluntary winding up.
Drafting shareholders’ agreements and simple loan contract.
Attending a Hong Kong listed company’s remuneration committee meeting, audit committee meeting and board meeting and drafting minutes in relation thereto.
Liaising with clients when attending to the above secretarial matters.
All corporate secretarial duties to Hong Kong (HK) incorporated companies and offshore companies.
Arrange notarization or attestation for HK companies or any requisite documents to set up PRC companies.
Assist compilation of quarterly unaudited financial statements and annual audited financial statements post on NYSE.
Human resources, including payroll, leave records, medical insurance, MPF, employment contract drafting.
Treasury, including cheque drawing, cash and bank balance keeping, remittance, expenses claims and payment, etc.
¨  Drafting company portfolio to promote company’s nature of business of personnel agency.
¨  Assisting in recruiting suitable candidates and recommending to company’s corporate clients.
¨  Drafting job reference checking questionnaire for the company’s sorted out candidates.
¨  Drafting company portfolio to promote company’s nature of business of personnel agency.
¨  Assisting in recruiting suitable candidates and recommending to company’s corporate clients.
¨  Drafting job reference checking questionnaire for the company’s sorted out candidates.
All corporate secretarial matters for all Hong Kong incorporated private company.
All corporate secretarial matters for all offshore companies.
Circulars and announcements, including change in directorate, interim results announcement, final results announcement, share script dividends, capital monies raise by issuing shares to independent third parties for a listed company.
Annual general meeting and the relevant circular on general mandate.
Listed company’s share option list updating and arrangement of issue of shares upon exercise of share option rights.
Statutory filings of a listed company to the Companies Registry and/or the SFC.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters of Hong Kong private companies, including company incorporation, change of directors, shareholding transfers, share allotments, increase of capital.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters of company limited by guarantee.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters of Hong Kong private companies, including company incorporation, change of directors, shareholding transfers, share allotments, increase of capital.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters of company limited by guarantee.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters of offshore companies in the BVI, the Bermuda, Cayman Islands.  Matters include company incorporation, change of directors, shareholding transfers.
¨  Registration of offshore companies as overseas companies in the.
China Outdoor Media Group Limited (former name: eCyberChina Holdings Limited).
¨  All corporate secretarial matters for all Hong Kong incorporated private company.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters for all offshore companies.
¨  Assisting in liaison with financial planners, legal advisors and responses to enquiries of HKEX.
¨  Assisting in drafting a proposal for resumption of listing status.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters for all Hong Kong incorporated private company.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters for all offshore companies.
¨  Assisting in setting up Sino-foreign joint ventures in the PRC.
Drafting simple agreements or letters of intention or loan agreements. Safe-custody of PC software licenses and management agreements and tenders, sub-contracts, insurance policies.
Corporate security and guarding licenses originals safe-custody and renewal and updating information with the Security and Guarding Services Industry Authority and the Police.
Documentation or administration works for loan mortgage and borrowing bank swapping.
Convening and attending boards’ meetings and drafting board minutes.
Reviewing and arranging execution of management agreements with Hong Kong Housing Authority and various estates’ incorporated owners.
Assisting in acquisition of a Yacht club membership for a director.
Handling residential property rental matters for a director.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters for 400 Hong Kong incorporated private companies, including company incorporation, change of directors, shareholding transfer, share allotment, increase of share capital, division of par value of each shares, consolidation of par value of each shares.
¨  All corporate secretarial matters for 400 Hong Kong incorporated private companies, including company incorporation, change of directors, shareholding transfer, share allotment, increase of share capital, division of par value of each shares, consolidation of par value of each shares.
All corporate secretarial matters for 2 to 3 Hong Kong private companies limited by guarantee.
All corporate secretarial matters for over 100 offshore companies, including company incorporation in regions of the British Virgin Islands,.
Western Samoa, the Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, change of directors, shareholding transfer.
All corporate secretarial matters for offshore companies registered in Hong Kong Companies Registry as overseas companies.
To attend all corporate secretarial matters for the following types of companies under supervision:~.
¨  Offshore companies registered in Hong Kong Companies Registry as overseas companies.
To attend all corporate secretarial matters for the following types of companies under supervision:~.
¨  Offshore companies registered in Hong Kong Companies Registry as overseas companies.IT troubleshooting: server maintenance, creation of email accounts (Outlook and Singtel ONEOffice).
Analytical and logical reasoning in financial transcription processes.
Problem solving skills (in the areas of secretarial and technological processes).
IT troubleshooting: server maintenance, creation of email accounts (Outlook and Singtel ONEOffice).
Analytical and logical reasoning in financial transcription processes.
Problem solving skills (in the areas of secretarial and technological processes).
IT troubleshooting: server maintenance, creation of email accounts (Outlook and Singtel ONEOffice).
Analytical and logical reasoning in financial transcription processes.
Problem solving skills (in the areas of secretarial and technological processes).
IT troubleshooting: server maintenance, creation of email accounts (Outlook and Singtel ONEOffice).
Analytical and logical reasoning in financial transcription processes.
Problem solving skills (in the areas of secretarial and technological processes).
Attend to queries and requests for information and dispute resolution for bet related matters.
Assist Senior Manager in preparing resolutions and corporate documents for administered companies (e.g. incorporation, capital increase/share allotment, distribution, redemption, strike-off, change of director, change of auditor and quarterly board minutes).
Demonstrate an understanding of key transactions and investment structures.
Prepare and complete the various administrative/regulatory filings required with respect to the executed transactions.
Research on developments in the private equity industry and fine-tune knowledge for preparation routine and complex resolutions.
Contact regulatory authorities to obtain updated and relevant information on various compliance issues and practice guidance for developments in Singapore.
Liaise with IRAS for withholding tax, corporate income tax and other statutory filings or information required.
Perform financial analysis of client’s financial statements and prepare reports in Full XBRL (extensible business language format) for an extensive portfolio across all secretarial members’ portfolios of about 100 clients.
Research on developments in industry and fine-tune knowledge to prepare routine and complex resolutions.
Perform due diligence in adherence to AML/FATF/MAS regulations.
Self-starter in projects: Full XBRL transcription, CAS (secretarial software for corporate compliance).
Corporate Secretarial Assistant CUM IT Administrator (Oct 2013 – May 2015).
Pioneer in launch of CAS initiative for data management, guide and teach the secretarial division comprising of under 10 staff (both junior and senior) on the use of software.
IT project: Change of domain from cpasingapore.com.sg to casingapore.com.sg which includes migration of ONEOffice to new domain, liaise with IT support, Singtel helpdesk as well as webmaster.
Oversee ONEOffice by Singtel (web-based office solution for SMEs).
Prepare routine resolutions for statutory filing independently.
Prepare and lodge client’s financial statements in Partial XBRL format.
Liaise with management on client’s plans to restructure their business.
Manage all aspects of the courses (CQS, CQI and CQT) which includes enrolment, scheduling and lecturer payment.
Source for articles and engage members through events: ANQ, interest groups, industry talks.
Attend to queries and requests for information and dispute resolution for bet related matters.
Assist Senior Manager in preparing resolutions and corporate documents for administered companies (e.g. incorporation, capital increase/share allotment, distribution, redemption, strike-off, change of director, change of auditor and quarterly board minutes).
Demonstrate an understanding of key transactions and investment structures.
Prepare and complete the various administrative/regulatory filings required with respect to the executed transactions.
Research on developments in the private equity industry and fine-tune knowledge for preparation routine and complex resolutions.
Contact regulatory authorities to obtain updated and relevant information on various compliance issues and practice guidance for developments in Singapore.
Liaise with IRAS for withholding tax, corporate income tax and other statutory filings or information required.
Perform financial analysis of client’s financial statements and prepare reports in Full XBRL (extensible business language format) for an extensive portfolio across all secretarial members’ portfolios of about 100 clients.
Research on developments in industry and fine-tune knowledge to prepare routine and complex resolutions.
Perform due diligence in adherence to AML/FATF/MAS regulations.
Self-starter in projects: Full XBRL transcription, CAS (secretarial software for corporate compliance).
Corporate Secretarial Assistant CUM IT Administrator (Oct 2013 – May 2015).
Pioneer in launch of CAS initiative for data management, guide and teach the secretarial division comprising of under 10 staff (both junior and senior) on the use of software.
IT project: Change of domain from cpasingapore.com.sg to casingapore.com.sg which includes migration of ONEOffice to new domain, liaise with IT support, Singtel helpdesk as well as webmaster.
Oversee ONEOffice by Singtel (web-based office solution for SMEs).
Prepare routine resolutions for statutory filing independently.
Prepare and lodge client’s financial statements in Partial XBRL format.
Liaise with management on client’s plans to restructure their business.
Manage all aspects of the courses (CQS, CQI and CQT) which includes enrolment, scheduling and lecturer payment.
Source for articles and engage members through events: ANQ, interest groups, industry talks.
Attend to queries and requests for information and dispute resolution for bet related matters.
Assist Senior Manager in preparing resolutions and corporate documents for administered companies (e.g. incorporation, capital increase/share allotment, distribution, redemption, strike-off, change of director, change of auditor and quarterly board minutes).
Demonstrate an understanding of key transactions and investment structures.
Prepare and complete the various administrative/regulatory filings required with respect to the executed transactions.
Research on developments in the private equity industry and fine-tune knowledge for preparation routine and complex resolutions.
Contact regulatory authorities to obtain updated and relevant information on various compliance issues and practice guidance for developments in Singapore.
Liaise with IRAS for withholding tax, corporate income tax and other statutory filings or information required.
Perform financial analysis of client’s financial statements and prepare reports in Full XBRL (extensible business language format) for an extensive portfolio across all secretarial members’ portfolios of about 100 clients.
Research on developments in industry and fine-tune knowledge to prepare routine and complex resolutions.
Perform due diligence in adherence to AML/FATF/MAS regulations.
Self-starter in projects: Full XBRL transcription, CAS (secretarial software for corporate compliance).
Corporate Secretarial Assistant CUM IT Administrator (Oct 2013 – May 2015).
Pioneer in launch of CAS initiative for data management, guide and teach the secretarial division comprising of under 10 staff (both junior and senior) on the use of software.
IT project: Change of domain from cpasingapore.com.sg to casingapore.com.sg which includes migration of ONEOffice to new domain, liaise with IT support, Singtel helpdesk as well as webmaster.
Oversee ONEOffice by Singtel (web-based office solution for SMEs).
Prepare routine resolutions for statutory filing independently.
Prepare and lodge client’s financial statements in Partial XBRL format.
Liaise with management on client’s plans to restructure their business.
Manage all aspects of the courses (CQS, CQI and CQT) which includes enrolment, scheduling and lecturer payment.
Source for articles and engage members through events: ANQ, interest groups, industry talks.
Attend to queries and requests for information and dispute resolution for bet related matters.
Assist Senior Manager in preparing resolutions and corporate documents for administered companies (e.g. incorporation, capital increase/share allotment, distribution, redemption, strike-off, change of director, change of auditor and quarterly board minutes).
Demonstrate an understanding of key transactions and investment structures.
Prepare and complete the various administrative/regulatory filings required with respect to the executed transactions.
Research on developments in the private equity industry and fine-tune knowledge for preparation routine and complex resolutions.
Contact regulatory authorities to obtain updated and relevant information on various compliance issues and practice guidance for developments in Singapore.
Liaise with IRAS for withholding tax, corporate income tax and other statutory filings or information required.
Perform financial analysis of client’s financial statements and prepare reports in Full XBRL (extensible business language format) for an extensive portfolio across all secretarial members’ portfolios of about 100 clients.
Research on developments in industry and fine-tune knowledge to prepare routine and complex resolutions.
Perform due diligence in adherence to AML/FATF/MAS regulations.
Self-starter in projects: Full XBRL transcription, CAS (secretarial software for corporate compliance).
Corporate Secretarial Assistant CUM IT Administrator (Oct 2013 – May 2015).
Pioneer in launch of CAS initiative for data management, guide and teach the secretarial division comprising of under 10 staff (both junior and senior) on the use of software.
IT project: Change of domain from cpasingapore.com.sg to casingapore.com.sg which includes migration of ONEOffice to new domain, liaise with IT support, Singtel helpdesk as well as webmaster.
Oversee ONEOffice by Singtel (web-based office solution for SMEs).
Prepare routine resolutions for statutory filing independently.
Prepare and lodge client’s financial statements in Partial XBRL format.
Liaise with management on client’s plans to restructure their business.
Manage all aspects of the courses (CQS, CQI and CQT) which includes enrolment, scheduling and lecturer payment.
Source for articles and engage members through events: ANQ, interest groups, industry talks.6.5 years experience as a corporate secretarial assistant in a same company seeking a better opportunity and good exposure to various challenges.
Liverpool John Moores University- Bachelor Degree in Commerce (2nd upper Class holder).
KL Tar College- Advanced Diploma & Diploma in Business Management.
Skills: Teamwork, Leadership, Good Time Management, Presentations, Problem-solving, Research and Analytical skills.
Dec 2010-Present Pro 1 Management Consultants Pte. Ltd. - Secretarial Assistant.
6.5 years experience in various fields, including taxation, accounting and specialize in corporate secretarial. Familiar with Regulation and Compliance based on Companies Act Singapore as well as ACRA requirement. Related experience as follows:-.
Managed a portfolio of more than 300 clients, from incorporation to striking off.
Able to advise client on those compliance matter, regulation or Companies Act changes and remind them on the filing due date.
Excel in preparing Full and Partial XBRL for filling of annual return under the new revised XBRL requirement under BizFin.
Prepared various Directors’ Resolutions & Shareholders’ Resolutions.
Maintained statutory registers, minute book and other statutory records.
Handled a lot of companies’ accounts in different kind of business sector.
Skills gained: Time management, communication skill and teamwork, handling crowd, event planning, creativity and discipline.
Excel in Bizfile+ & BizFinx revised XBRL preparation (Partial & Full).
Excel in Microsoft office application & knowledge in computer software.
Fluent in other spoken languages – English, Cantonese, Hokkien and Malay.
Auditor, Business Management Society, Tunku Abdul Rahman College  - Organized game events including introduction of MAICSA to new candidates.
Committee of Young Malaysians Movement in Alor Star, Kedah.
- Organized drawing competition which was held in Alor Star in 2006 Committee of Pertubuhan Gerakan Belia Bersatu Malaysia (GBBM) in Setapak, KL.  - Organized treasure hunt which was held in KL area in 2009.
Liverpool John Moores University, Liverpool, United Kingdom(Bachelor Degree in Commerce).
Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Kuala Lumpr, Malaysia (Advanced Diploma in Commerce).
Date of availability: Immediately after notice period of 1 month.Assisted the Company Secretarial team in handling company secretarial matters for Hong Kong and offshore companies including incorporation, statutory filing, drafting of minutes and resolutions;.
Liaised with clients, accountants, bankers, lawyers, Hong Kong Companies Registry and Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department on secretarial and compliance issues;.
Monitored and maintained statutory records and filing system;.
Handled non statutory matters such as due diligence on clients and opening of bank accounts; and   Provided general coordination and administrative work of company secretarial department.
Liaised and filing with the Companies Registry and Inland Revenue Department;.
Updated and maintained statutory filings and corporate records;.
Liaised with internal and external parties for company formation, maintained and handled full set of company secretarial works for Hong Kong and offshore companies; and  Prepared  minutes, resolutions and annual returns.
Provided administrative support for the Human Resources, Administration and Business Development Department;.
Assisted in office administrative duties such as date entry, filing and office supplies management.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration                                              2010 - 2011 The Open University of Hong Kong.
Software Application  : CSA Software,  Microsoft Office, including Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
LCCI - Level 2 Certificate in Book-keeping and Accounts (pass with Credit)                                        Oct 2010.I am a very spontaneous and willing person to try new things and attempt to reach new goals. I personally have great interest to interact with people and communicate with them. I also like to move around and be faced with challenges. I am a self-motivated person who takes extra care in my work. I have confident in things which I do and I wont give up easily. I am very adaptable person who is able to change my way of thinking or way of doing things in order to suit the environment. I enjoy working with people and am able to render service to customers with outmost effort and determination. I believe my other part time jobs found on the attached resume have made me a responsible and hardworking person and have also duly built my confidence and will power.
Responsible for ensuring that the highest standards of administrative processes & corporate governance are promoted and maintained, so that the business operates efficiently and in accordance with all statutory and legal provision.
• Responsible for all company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities.
• Organizing, preparing agendas and taking minutes of board meetings.
• Maintaining statutory books i.e. registers of members, directors and secretaries.
• Arranging meetings with the clients and assist the Directors in secretarial needs.
• Assist in incorporation of companies and registration of foreign businesses.
• Reporting in a timely and accurate manner on company procedures & developments. Ensuring the company complies with standard legal practice and maintains standards of corporate governance.
• Doing application for entrepreneur pass and employment pass.
Responsible for ensuring that the highest standards of administrative processes & corporate governance are promoted and maintained, so that the business operates efficiently and in accordance with all statutory and legal provision.
• Responsible for all company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities.
• Organizing, preparing agendas and taking minutes of board meetings.
• Maintaining statutory books i.e. registers of members, directors and secretaries.
• Arranging meetings with the clients and assist the Directors in secretarial needs.
• Assist in incorporation of companies and registration of foreign businesses.
• Reporting in a timely and accurate manner on company procedures & developments. Ensuring the company complies with standard legal practice and maintains standards of corporate governance.
• Responsible for all company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities.
• Organizing, preparing agendas and taking minutes of board meetings.
• Maintaining statutory books i.e. registers of members, directors and secretaries.
• Arranging meetings with the clients and assist the Directors in secretarial needs.
• Assist in incorporation of companies and registration of foreign businesses.
• Reporting in a timely and accurate manner on company procedures & developments. Ensuring the company complies with standard legal practice and maintains standards of corporate governance.
• Doing application for entrepreneur pass and employment pass.
• Make reminder calls to Star hub network Post-paid users to make their payment for mobile bills.
• Making the weekly review reports against the inflow and outflow of the credit resources.
• Reporting to Credit control manager regarding the day to day processes.Email address: shruthihv10@gmail.com Telephone: +65-81246567 (hp).
Residential Status: Singapore Permanent Resident (NRIC: S8860533J).
Arrangement of meeting for company directors & shareholders.
ACRA online filings regarding change in company activities.
Filing of Business renewal for proprietorship and partnership firms.
Preparation of director’s resolutions, AGM’s, EGM’s, Strike off Documents, Incorporation of new company’s docs.
Maintaining of daily activity reports and updating top management.
Electronic invoice submission into various client and third party web portals   Actively working on EMEA (right now 26 countries) region.
Proficient in using latest version of Oracle’s R12 Applications (ERP Software).
Processing process related Service Request received from several sections.
Doing R&D on newly on boarded customers and their web portals.
Maintaining overall records of generating invoices and e-invoicing data in shared trackers.
Maintaining up-to-date access, links and customer concerned, exceptions of einvoicing.
Updating daily e-invoicing Flash Report for referring to top level direction.
Maintaining documentation after very good standardized operating process for reference of new on boarded customers, countries and new hires.
Received several appreciations from Sr. Director, managers, sales, collections for successful implementation of pre-determined goals, for a meeting of TAT of einvoice submission (turnaround time) and for problem solving skills, high commitment level towards process, for always going with extra steps than required, for successful closure of e-invoicing issues in the process.
Actively working with customers, project managers, sales, collections, cash apps, order management, deal managers, business analysts and other LOB's (line of business) before meeting the standards of successful electronic invoicing.
ING Vysya Bank  ‘Business Development Executive’  Aug 2011-May 2012.
Dispatching the details of AOF through e-tracker to the COPs.
A quick learner with abilities to work in a team environment and work under strict deadlines.
Decisive and result oriented, offering outstanding talent in management and leadership skills. Trained several new employees.
Referring tutorials of new portals provided by customers and third party portal people for new on boarded customers for electronic invoicing.
Attended On-line trainings provided by customer procurements.
Madusudana Gopalakrishna[In Past: Manager at Oracle India Pvt. Ltd].Name:   Qin Shuang, Vivien   Mobile:  +852 56172482     Email:  Vivien_qs@163.com.
Co-authored with Jing Vivian Zhan. The art of political ambiguity: top–down intergovernmental information asymmetry in China. Journal of Chinese Governance. Vol. 1, 2017.
Nature: World's leading platform for professional learning.
Servicing public equity clients (sell-side, long-only funds and hedge funds) and.
Grow the GLG Councils by recruiting key opinion leaders on a strategic/tactical mode, using recruiting campaigns, leveraging industry and professional lists, trade and business associations, referrals and other relationships;.
Interview prospective industry leaders as needed and capture critical data in GLG's extensive profile management systems;.
Quickly and efficiently identify and establish consulting relationships with professionals and experts best suited to participate in our highest priority client inquiries through telephone marketing and email.
Act proactively along clients’ compliance protocols and GLG’s compliance framework to help experts and clients manage potential conflicts and steer clear of compliance risks.
Interact with Hong Kong sell-side /mutual funds clients: fulfilling time-sensitive research requests and leveraging GLG’s platform and network to match industrial leaders with clients with accuracy, insight and urgency.
Work closely with Business Development team to deepen existing client relationships, grow revenue through expansion of existing business and pursuit of new business.
Program live event content (roundtables, large track conferences, and private visits, etc.) for.
Asia as well as more broadly distributed virtual event content with top industrial experts.
(key executives, entrepreneurs, etc.) to help clients identify new investment opportunities.
Mar 2014- Monsoon Hong Kong Limited                                Central, Hong Kong Sept 2014 Marketing Executive (Full-time).
Language  English / Mandarin / Japanese / Cantonese Proficiency:.
Master of Philosophy in Government and Public Administration.
Presenting thesis at 73rd annual meeting of Midwest Political Science Association, Chicago.
Market: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China, Singapore, Australia, USA (LA and SF).
Play a vital role in whole business process: market research, branding, PR event planning, press conference organization, TV programme shooting, website design, etc.;.
Accomplishing all ad-hoc tasks as personal assistant to the Managing Director;.
Daily work including client request identifying, conducting market research, website design, liaison with local PR partners in Taiwan, Shenzhen, Singapore and Hong Kong, promotional event planning and organization, copywriting, drafting/translation of legal documents, TV programming, etc.
Market: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China, Singapore, Australia, USA (LA and SF).
United Nations Developmental Program, Tumen Secretariat        Beijing.
Nature: Non-profit Intergovernmental Organizations aiming at development and integration of East Asian counties.
Duties: -  Assisting actively in research of several projects.
Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Office Manager.
Assisting the organization of the annual National Coordinators' Meeting in early April.
Liaise with UNDP headquarter, member countries and local strategic partners like chamber of commerce, etc.
Reference:  Mr. ZHU Shu, the then Director of Tumen Secretariat, UNDP.
Duties: News topic brainstorming, identifying subjects, interviews, and news reports writing and editing.
Nature:  One of China’s largest newspapers and SOE education group.
Duties:  News topic brainstorming, identifying subjects, conducting interviews, and news reports writing and editing.
Reference  Mr. GUO FuGeng, Director of Education Division, Guangming News.
Nature:  Non-profit Academic Institution (Peking University).
Duties:  -  Organizing and writing reviews of a weekly academic salon, participated by distinguished young scholars spanning various academic backgrounds from various research institutions.
Assisting the organization of annual academic conferences, like "The Chinese Model", etc.Being a self driven person, I desire a challenging career in a professionally managed, progressive concern in the field of corporate secretarial , Business consultancy, Finance and customer service segment to utilize my quality driven professional ethic, result oriented personality while exploring growth opportunities.
3 years of corporate secretarial experience with good interpersonal skills, Independent, excellent customer service skills, team player with leadership skills, who can work well under stress and able to meet deadlines effectively, without compromising quality.
2009 Master of Business Administration in Accounting & Finance from James Cook University Australia.
2004 Bachelor’s Degree in  commerce from University of Calicut, India.
2001   Pre Degree in commerce from University of Calicut, India.
2010 successfully completed CMFAS M5 (The Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services) from MAS Singapore.
2006 Course in MS  Windows environment and Microsoft Office package and Internet / Email applications.
2005 Course in Computerized Reservation Systems ( GALILEO, AMADEUS) from School of Airlines and Travel Management.
2001 Diploma in Computer application course in Computer Fundamentals, Internet ,MS Excel, MS Word and Foxpro.
2011 June – 2013 June: Senior Corporate Secretary with Mohan management consultants’ pte Ltd (Corporate secretarial Firm).
2010 June – 2011 June: Corporate Secretary executive with Mohan management consultants’ pte Ltd (Corporate secretarial Firm).
Maintain portfolio of 800 plus clients of Private Limited and offshore companies.
Provide the full range of incorporation, post incorporation, administration services.
Business consultancy and advice on compliance requirements.
Handle all corporate secretarial and related financial activities.
Client management- Touch base with Senior management, Executive & Director level position.
Company Incorporation, Prepare board & shareholder resolutions, includes but not limited to Share allotment & share transfer.
Preparation of share certificates and facilitate for common seal.
Attend board of director’s & shareholders’ meetings & preparation of relevant minute’s records.
Updating & maintaining statutory registers & records in compliance with the Company Act, ACRA, etc.
Ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements ( ACRA, MAS, IRAS etc).
Work with local government bodies & agencies(ACRA, IRAS etc).
Liaise with Accounts on Invoice / Billing and assist in follow-ups.Address: Flat 3401, Yat Chi House, Tin Yat Estate, Tin Shui Wai, NT, Hong Kong Mobile Phone: +852 63593368.
I am seeking for a position in corporate / financial services that will allow me be a value added to the company, with my practical knowledge, strong interpersonal skills and whole-hearted dedication.
Feb 2015  HKSI Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries (Paper 1).
Nov 2016  The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries Studentship.
2013    School of Business Exchange Scholarship for Outstanding Business Students / Exchange Award.
Languages:      Cantonese (Native), English (Proficiency) and Mandarin (Native).
Writing Skills:             English (Proficiency) and Chinese (Excellent).
Computer Skills:    Advanced in CSA, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.
Student member of Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Student member of Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Student member of Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
   Bachelor of Business Administration (Honors) in Finance Concentration  cGPA : 3.05.
   Bachelor of Business Administration (Honors) in Finance Concentration  cGPA : 3.05.
   Bachelor of Business Administration (Honors) in Finance Concentration  cGPA : 3.05.
Handle full spectrum of Company Secretary jobs, expertise in Incorporation, Bank Account Opening, Renewal, Minutes and Resolution Preparation, Change of Company Structure, Deregistration of a Hong Kong Company.
Handle full spectrum of Company Secretary jobs, expertise in Incorporation, Bank Account Opening, Renewal, Minutes and Resolution Preparation, Change of Company Structure, Deregistration of a Hong Kong Company.
Assist the company secretarial works, including drafting and preparing meeting agenda, minutes, filing and other relevant duties.
Responsible for company registration and open bank account.
Assist the company secretarial works, including drafting and preparing meeting agenda, minutes, filing and other relevant duties.
Responsible for company registration and open bank account.
Specialize in the areas of cash, receivables, inventory, fixed assets, payrolls and expense analyses.
Specialize in the areas of cash, receivables, inventory, fixed assets, payrolls and expense analyses.Having over 11+ years of experience in corporate secretariat, legal, taxation and accounting with exposure to US GAAP and IFRS standards.
Extensive experience in various areas of corporate compliance for public and listed companies for clients in various IT & Financial Services for new market entry and existing Singapore ACRA compliance.
Building and sustaining client relationships, team building and providing thought leadership to the corporate governance & compliance challenges and opportunities.
Total 8+ years of experience with various leading organisations in various Industries.
4  Years and 9 months Senior Corporate Secretarial with Iyer Corporate Services Pte Ltd.
1 Years and 0 months as Company Secretary with Suguna Poultry Farm Ltd.
1 Year and 7 month as Company Secretary with GTN Industries Ltd.
0 Year and 9 months as Company Secretary with VBC Finance Ltd.
2 Years and 2 month as Associate Company Secretary with D Pathak & Associates.
Statutory Compliances under Singapore Companies Act, Advisory to clients and follow-up with them to meet the statutory deadlines.  Capable to handle work and manage portfolio of clients independently.
To represent before various regulators viz ACRA, Bank/financial institutions and other statutory authorities in connection with discharge of various duties under the various laws applicable to the Company.
Liaise with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy.
Assist clients – Singapore and overseas for opening of bank account, change of bank signatories and closure of account.
Co-ordinate with preparation and filing of tax returns with IRAS, payment of stamp duty on transfer of ordinary shares.
Work on XBRL platform and prepared financial statements in full and partial XBRL format and filing with ACRA and IRAS as required under Singapore Companies.
Liaise with auditor on auditing of financial statements and finalization of accounts.
Review the financial statements of clients and advise client on due date of filing annual return and accounts with ACRA.
Co-ordinate the preparation, maintenance and filing of projected P&L Account, Bills Discounting and Balance Sheet as required by bank authorities and other financial institutions.
Co-ordinate the preparation of financial statements, financial reports for clients.
Institute of Company Secretaries of India-  Associate member.
Customer name: Various Customer in IT and Financial services.
Customer name: Various Customer in IT and Financial services.
Customer name: Various Customer in IT and Financial services.
Customer name: Various Customer in IT and Financial services.
Customer name: Various Customer in IT and Financial services.
Customer name: Various Customer in IT and Financial services.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including corporate compliance and governance for key customers in various IT and Financial services domain including accounting/filing work and consulting for various corporate legal and taxation matters.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including corporate compliance and governance for key customers in various IT and Financial services domain including accounting/filing work and consulting for various corporate legal and taxation matters.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including corporate compliance and governance for key customers in various IT and Financial services domain including accounting/filing work and consulting for various corporate legal and taxation matters.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including corporate compliance and governance for key customers in various IT and Financial services domain including accounting/filing work and consulting for various corporate legal and taxation matters.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including corporate compliance and governance for key customers in various IT and Financial services domain including accounting/filing work and consulting for various corporate legal and taxation matters.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including corporate compliance and governance for key customers in various IT and Financial services domain including accounting/filing work and consulting for various corporate legal and taxation matters.
Handled incorporation, strike off of Singapore companies. Handled Appointment and changes of Directors, Secretary etc. Preparation of AGM documents well versed with filing the annual return and other documents with ACRA.
Formalities with respect to allotment of shares transfer of shares, Payment of stamp duty in IRAS. Handled the redemption of preference shares of Singapore Companies and filing the redemption with ACRA.
Draft Minutes of Directors and Shareholders Meeting; attend the meeting of directors and shareholders. Properly update and maintain the register of members, directors, secretary, Annual General Meeting, Extra- ordinary General Meetings etc.
Handled the work of opening of Bank accounts of corporate sector, drafting resolutions etc. Handled the portfolio of more than 200 clients. Continuously keep track of AGM due dates of Singapore and foreign companies, filing deadline with ACRA of companies.
Handled the application and extension of license of Singapore business firm. Handled the registration of Singapore Branch, annual filing of annual returns with ACRA.
Meeting and day to day interaction with clients in Singapore and overseas. Understand thoroughly the business of clients. Advisory of Singapore Companies compliances to client, Follow-up with emails received from clients. Work harder in order to maintain good relations and to satisfy the clients.
Well versed in managing work independently and capable to manage work in urgency in order to satisfy the requirements of clients. Capable to delegate the work to subordinates.
Responsible for the day-to-day general administration, communication to staff and customer as and when required.
Well-versed with CAS software for maintenance of statutory registers and due date filing of corporate.
Draft and prepare standard agreements such as non-disclosure agreements, tenancy agreements and power of attorneys.
Arrange with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy for clients.
Achievements: Managing portfolio of 50+ clients for various statutory compliance and helped them achieve compliance guidelines as per ACRA. Adjudged best corporate secretariat compliance professional by Singapore corporate secretariat professional association.
Handled incorporation, strike off of Singapore companies. Handled Appointment and changes of Directors, Secretary etc. Preparation of AGM documents well versed with filing the annual return and other documents with ACRA.
Formalities with respect to allotment of shares transfer of shares, Payment of stamp duty in IRAS. Handled the redemption of preference shares of Singapore Companies and filing the redemption with ACRA.
Draft Minutes of Directors and Shareholders Meeting; attend the meeting of directors and shareholders. Properly update and maintain the register of members, directors, secretary, Annual General Meeting, Extra- ordinary General Meetings etc.
Handled the work of opening of Bank accounts of corporate sector, drafting resolutions etc. Handled the portfolio of more than 200 clients. Continuously keep track of AGM due dates of Singapore and foreign companies, filing deadline with ACRA of companies.
Handled the application and extension of license of Singapore business firm. Handled the registration of Singapore Branch, annual filing of annual returns with ACRA.
Meeting and day to day interaction with clients in Singapore and overseas. Understand thoroughly the business of clients. Advisory of Singapore Companies compliances to client, Follow-up with emails received from clients. Work harder in order to maintain good relations and to satisfy the clients.
Well versed in managing work independently and capable to manage work in urgency in order to satisfy the requirements of clients. Capable to delegate the work to subordinates.
Responsible for the day-to-day general administration, communication to staff and customer as and when required.
Well-versed with CAS software for maintenance of statutory registers and due date filing of corporate.
Draft and prepare standard agreements such as non-disclosure agreements, tenancy agreements and power of attorneys.
Arrange with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy for clients.
Achievements: Managing portfolio of 50+ clients for various statutory compliance and helped them achieve compliance guidelines as per ACRA. Adjudged best corporate secretariat compliance professional by Singapore corporate secretariat professional association.
Handled incorporation, strike off of Singapore companies. Handled Appointment and changes of Directors, Secretary etc. Preparation of AGM documents well versed with filing the annual return and other documents with ACRA.
Formalities with respect to allotment of shares transfer of shares, Payment of stamp duty in IRAS. Handled the redemption of preference shares of Singapore Companies and filing the redemption with ACRA.
Draft Minutes of Directors and Shareholders Meeting; attend the meeting of directors and shareholders. Properly update and maintain the register of members, directors, secretary, Annual General Meeting, Extra- ordinary General Meetings etc.
Handled the work of opening of Bank accounts of corporate sector, drafting resolutions etc. Handled the portfolio of more than 200 clients. Continuously keep track of AGM due dates of Singapore and foreign companies, filing deadline with ACRA of companies.
Handled the application and extension of license of Singapore business firm. Handled the registration of Singapore Branch, annual filing of annual returns with ACRA.
Meeting and day to day interaction with clients in Singapore and overseas. Understand thoroughly the business of clients. Advisory of Singapore Companies compliances to client, Follow-up with emails received from clients. Work harder in order to maintain good relations and to satisfy the clients.
Well versed in managing work independently and capable to manage work in urgency in order to satisfy the requirements of clients. Capable to delegate the work to subordinates.
Responsible for the day-to-day general administration, communication to staff and customer as and when required.
Well-versed with CAS software for maintenance of statutory registers and due date filing of corporate.
Draft and prepare standard agreements such as non-disclosure agreements, tenancy agreements and power of attorneys.
Arrange with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy for clients.
Achievements: Managing portfolio of 50+ clients for various statutory compliance and helped them achieve compliance guidelines as per ACRA. Adjudged best corporate secretariat compliance professional by Singapore corporate secretariat professional association.
Handled incorporation, strike off of Singapore companies. Handled Appointment and changes of Directors, Secretary etc. Preparation of AGM documents well versed with filing the annual return and other documents with ACRA.
Formalities with respect to allotment of shares transfer of shares, Payment of stamp duty in IRAS. Handled the redemption of preference shares of Singapore Companies and filing the redemption with ACRA.
Draft Minutes of Directors and Shareholders Meeting; attend the meeting of directors and shareholders. Properly update and maintain the register of members, directors, secretary, Annual General Meeting, Extra- ordinary General Meetings etc.
Handled the work of opening of Bank accounts of corporate sector, drafting resolutions etc. Handled the portfolio of more than 200 clients. Continuously keep track of AGM due dates of Singapore and foreign companies, filing deadline with ACRA of companies.
Handled the application and extension of license of Singapore business firm. Handled the registration of Singapore Branch, annual filing of annual returns with ACRA.
Meeting and day to day interaction with clients in Singapore and overseas. Understand thoroughly the business of clients. Advisory of Singapore Companies compliances to client, Follow-up with emails received from clients. Work harder in order to maintain good relations and to satisfy the clients.
Well versed in managing work independently and capable to manage work in urgency in order to satisfy the requirements of clients. Capable to delegate the work to subordinates.
Responsible for the day-to-day general administration, communication to staff and customer as and when required.
Well-versed with CAS software for maintenance of statutory registers and due date filing of corporate.
Draft and prepare standard agreements such as non-disclosure agreements, tenancy agreements and power of attorneys.
Arrange with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy for clients.
Achievements: Managing portfolio of 50+ clients for various statutory compliance and helped them achieve compliance guidelines as per ACRA. Adjudged best corporate secretariat compliance professional by Singapore corporate secretariat professional association.
Handled incorporation, strike off of Singapore companies. Handled Appointment and changes of Directors, Secretary etc. Preparation of AGM documents well versed with filing the annual return and other documents with ACRA.
Formalities with respect to allotment of shares transfer of shares, Payment of stamp duty in IRAS. Handled the redemption of preference shares of Singapore Companies and filing the redemption with ACRA.
Draft Minutes of Directors and Shareholders Meeting; attend the meeting of directors and shareholders. Properly update and maintain the register of members, directors, secretary, Annual General Meeting, Extra- ordinary General Meetings etc.
Handled the work of opening of Bank accounts of corporate sector, drafting resolutions etc. Handled the portfolio of more than 200 clients. Continuously keep track of AGM due dates of Singapore and foreign companies, filing deadline with ACRA of companies.
Handled the application and extension of license of Singapore business firm. Handled the registration of Singapore Branch, annual filing of annual returns with ACRA.
Meeting and day to day interaction with clients in Singapore and overseas. Understand thoroughly the business of clients. Advisory of Singapore Companies compliances to client, Follow-up with emails received from clients. Work harder in order to maintain good relations and to satisfy the clients.
Well versed in managing work independently and capable to manage work in urgency in order to satisfy the requirements of clients. Capable to delegate the work to subordinates.
Responsible for the day-to-day general administration, communication to staff and customer as and when required.
Well-versed with CAS software for maintenance of statutory registers and due date filing of corporate.
Draft and prepare standard agreements such as non-disclosure agreements, tenancy agreements and power of attorneys.
Arrange with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy for clients.
Achievements: Managing portfolio of 50+ clients for various statutory compliance and helped them achieve compliance guidelines as per ACRA. Adjudged best corporate secretariat compliance professional by Singapore corporate secretariat professional association.
Handled incorporation, strike off of Singapore companies. Handled Appointment and changes of Directors, Secretary etc. Preparation of AGM documents well versed with filing the annual return and other documents with ACRA.
Formalities with respect to allotment of shares transfer of shares, Payment of stamp duty in IRAS. Handled the redemption of preference shares of Singapore Companies and filing the redemption with ACRA.
Draft Minutes of Directors and Shareholders Meeting; attend the meeting of directors and shareholders. Properly update and maintain the register of members, directors, secretary, Annual General Meeting, Extra- ordinary General Meetings etc.
Handled the work of opening of Bank accounts of corporate sector, drafting resolutions etc. Handled the portfolio of more than 200 clients. Continuously keep track of AGM due dates of Singapore and foreign companies, filing deadline with ACRA of companies.
Handled the application and extension of license of Singapore business firm. Handled the registration of Singapore Branch, annual filing of annual returns with ACRA.
Meeting and day to day interaction with clients in Singapore and overseas. Understand thoroughly the business of clients. Advisory of Singapore Companies compliances to client, Follow-up with emails received from clients. Work harder in order to maintain good relations and to satisfy the clients.
Well versed in managing work independently and capable to manage work in urgency in order to satisfy the requirements of clients. Capable to delegate the work to subordinates.
Responsible for the day-to-day general administration, communication to staff and customer as and when required.
Well-versed with CAS software for maintenance of statutory registers and due date filing of corporate.
Draft and prepare standard agreements such as non-disclosure agreements, tenancy agreements and power of attorneys.
Arrange with public notary on Notarization and legalization with Ministry of foreign embassy for clients.
Achievements: Managing portfolio of 50+ clients for various statutory compliance and helped them achieve compliance guidelines as per ACRA. Adjudged best corporate secretariat compliance professional by Singapore corporate secretariat professional association.
Summary:  Group Company with subsidiary Companies-  Globion India Private Limited, Lohmann Animal Health, Germany.
Summary:  Group Company with subsidiary Companies-  Globion India Private Limited, Lohmann Animal Health, Germany.
Summary:  Group Company with subsidiary Companies-  Globion India Private Limited, Lohmann Animal Health, Germany.
Summary:  Group Company with subsidiary Companies-  Globion India Private Limited, Lohmann Animal Health, Germany.
Summary:  Group Company with subsidiary Companies-  Globion India Private Limited, Lohmann Animal Health, Germany.
Summary:  Group Company with subsidiary Companies-  Globion India Private Limited, Lohmann Animal Health, Germany.
Handled all Secretarial compliances like preparation of minutes, maintenance and updating statutory registers, records of Company. Hold and conduct the Board Meetings, General Meetings, preparation of agenda, Notices etc.
Preparation & filing of annual returns, directors’ report, chairman speech and filing of various related forms with Registrar of Companies (ROC).
Handled Appointment of Managing Director, Whole Time Director and other Directors. Formalities with respect to Share Transfer, Revalidation of the Transfer Deeds.
Prepared Disclosures under Section 299 of the Companies Act, 1956. Liaison between company, Registrar of Companies, India and other authorities.
E-Filing of different forms to Registrar of Companies under MCA, India. All Secretarial work relating to group companies.
Issue and allotment of shares to foreign Companies. Appointment of foreign Director. Filing of Form FC-GPR with RBI and other compliances as required under FEMA Act.
Handled Vetting of Legal documents and Joint Venture Agreements with Foreign Companies and undertaken the work of due diligence of Company.
Filing of Applications, Forms, search report as required under Trademark Act.
Achievements: Managed corporate and statutory compliance requirement for the group companies and helped achieved launching IPO (initial public offer) well on time.
Handled all Secretarial compliances like preparation of minutes, maintenance and updating statutory registers, records of Company. Hold and conduct the Board Meetings, General Meetings, preparation of agenda, Notices etc.
Preparation & filing of annual returns, directors’ report, chairman speech and filing of various related forms with Registrar of Companies (ROC).
Handled Appointment of Managing Director, Whole Time Director and other Directors. Formalities with respect to Share Transfer, Revalidation of the Transfer Deeds.
Prepared Disclosures under Section 299 of the Companies Act, 1956. Liaison between company, Registrar of Companies, India and other authorities.
E-Filing of different forms to Registrar of Companies under MCA, India. All Secretarial work relating to group companies.
Issue and allotment of shares to foreign Companies. Appointment of foreign Director. Filing of Form FC-GPR with RBI and other compliances as required under FEMA Act.
Handled Vetting of Legal documents and Joint Venture Agreements with Foreign Companies and undertaken the work of due diligence of Company.
Filing of Applications, Forms, search report as required under Trademark Act.
Achievements: Managed corporate and statutory compliance requirement for the group companies and helped achieved launching IPO (initial public offer) well on time.
Handled all Secretarial compliances like preparation of minutes, maintenance and updating statutory registers, records of Company. Hold and conduct the Board Meetings, General Meetings, preparation of agenda, Notices etc.
Preparation & filing of annual returns, directors’ report, chairman speech and filing of various related forms with Registrar of Companies (ROC).
Handled Appointment of Managing Director, Whole Time Director and other Directors. Formalities with respect to Share Transfer, Revalidation of the Transfer Deeds.
Prepared Disclosures under Section 299 of the Companies Act, 1956. Liaison between company, Registrar of Companies, India and other authorities.
E-Filing of different forms to Registrar of Companies under MCA, India. All Secretarial work relating to group companies.
Issue and allotment of shares to foreign Companies. Appointment of foreign Director. Filing of Form FC-GPR with RBI and other compliances as required under FEMA Act.
Handled Vetting of Legal documents and Joint Venture Agreements with Foreign Companies and undertaken the work of due diligence of Company.
Filing of Applications, Forms, search report as required under Trademark Act.
Achievements: Managed corporate and statutory compliance requirement for the group companies and helped achieved launching IPO (initial public offer) well on time.
Handled all Secretarial compliances like preparation of minutes, maintenance and updating statutory registers, records of Company. Hold and conduct the Board Meetings, General Meetings, preparation of agenda, Notices etc.
Preparation & filing of annual returns, directors’ report, chairman speech and filing of various related forms with Registrar of Companies (ROC).
Handled Appointment of Managing Director, Whole Time Director and other Directors. Formalities with respect to Share Transfer, Revalidation of the Transfer Deeds.
Prepared Disclosures under Section 299 of the Companies Act, 1956. Liaison between company, Registrar of Companies, India and other authorities.
E-Filing of different forms to Registrar of Companies under MCA, India. All Secretarial work relating to group companies.
Issue and allotment of shares to foreign Companies. Appointment of foreign Director. Filing of Form FC-GPR with RBI and other compliances as required under FEMA Act.
Handled Vetting of Legal documents and Joint Venture Agreements with Foreign Companies and undertaken the work of due diligence of Company.
Filing of Applications, Forms, search report as required under Trademark Act.
Achievements: Managed corporate and statutory compliance requirement for the group companies and helped achieved launching IPO (initial public offer) well on time.
Handled all Secretarial compliances like preparation of minutes, maintenance and updating statutory registers, records of Company. Hold and conduct the Board Meetings, General Meetings, preparation of agenda, Notices etc.
Preparation & filing of annual returns, directors’ report, chairman speech and filing of various related forms with Registrar of Companies (ROC).
Handled Appointment of Managing Director, Whole Time Director and other Directors. Formalities with respect to Share Transfer, Revalidation of the Transfer Deeds.
Prepared Disclosures under Section 299 of the Companies Act, 1956. Liaison between company, Registrar of Companies, India and other authorities.
E-Filing of different forms to Registrar of Companies under MCA, India. All Secretarial work relating to group companies.
Issue and allotment of shares to foreign Companies. Appointment of foreign Director. Filing of Form FC-GPR with RBI and other compliances as required under FEMA Act.
Handled Vetting of Legal documents and Joint Venture Agreements with Foreign Companies and undertaken the work of due diligence of Company.
Filing of Applications, Forms, search report as required under Trademark Act.
Achievements: Managed corporate and statutory compliance requirement for the group companies and helped achieved launching IPO (initial public offer) well on time.
Handled all Secretarial compliances like preparation of minutes, maintenance and updating statutory registers, records of Company. Hold and conduct the Board Meetings, General Meetings, preparation of agenda, Notices etc.
Preparation & filing of annual returns, directors’ report, chairman speech and filing of various related forms with Registrar of Companies (ROC).
Handled Appointment of Managing Director, Whole Time Director and other Directors. Formalities with respect to Share Transfer, Revalidation of the Transfer Deeds.
Prepared Disclosures under Section 299 of the Companies Act, 1956. Liaison between company, Registrar of Companies, India and other authorities.
E-Filing of different forms to Registrar of Companies under MCA, India. All Secretarial work relating to group companies.
Issue and allotment of shares to foreign Companies. Appointment of foreign Director. Filing of Form FC-GPR with RBI and other compliances as required under FEMA Act.
Handled Vetting of Legal documents and Joint Venture Agreements with Foreign Companies and undertaken the work of due diligence of Company.
Filing of Applications, Forms, search report as required under Trademark Act.
Achievements: Managed corporate and statutory compliance requirement for the group companies and helped achieved launching IPO (initial public offer) well on time.
Summary: Group Company with  Subsidiary Company Perfect Knitters Limited.
Summary: Group Company with  Subsidiary Company Perfect Knitters Limited.
Summary: Group Company with  Subsidiary Company Perfect Knitters Limited.
Summary: Group Company with  Subsidiary Company Perfect Knitters Limited.
Summary: Group Company with  Subsidiary Company Perfect Knitters Limited.
Summary: Group Company with  Subsidiary Company Perfect Knitters Limited.
Handled all secretarial work and obtained permission from banks etc. Preparation of shareholding pattern, Secretarial Audit Report etc as required under listing agreement for listed companies under SEBI Act.
Hold and conduct the meeting through postal ballot, Appointment of scrutinizers. Increase of authorized capital, registered office of Company etc.
All work in the era of e-governance of Ministry of Company Affairs.  Handled the due diligence of Companies. All secretarial work related to group companies.
Preferential Allotment to Nonresident FII, Filing of Form FC-GPR with Reserve Bank of India, Communication with RBI for approvals.
Obtained IEC code and involve with registration of STP Company.
Achievements: Managed corporate secretariat and accounting work for group companies. Received chairman’s employee of the department recognition for the year 2009.
Handled all secretarial work and obtained permission from banks etc. Preparation of shareholding pattern, Secretarial Audit Report etc as required under listing agreement for listed companies under SEBI Act.
Hold and conduct the meeting through postal ballot, Appointment of scrutinizers. Increase of authorized capital, registered office of Company etc.
All work in the era of e-governance of Ministry of Company Affairs.  Handled the due diligence of Companies. All secretarial work related to group companies.
Preferential Allotment to Nonresident FII, Filing of Form FC-GPR with Reserve Bank of India, Communication with RBI for approvals.
Obtained IEC code and involve with registration of STP Company.
Achievements: Managed corporate secretariat and accounting work for group companies. Received chairman’s employee of the department recognition for the year 2009.
Handled all secretarial work and obtained permission from banks etc. Preparation of shareholding pattern, Secretarial Audit Report etc as required under listing agreement for listed companies under SEBI Act.
Hold and conduct the meeting through postal ballot, Appointment of scrutinizers. Increase of authorized capital, registered office of Company etc.
All work in the era of e-governance of Ministry of Company Affairs.  Handled the due diligence of Companies. All secretarial work related to group companies.
Preferential Allotment to Nonresident FII, Filing of Form FC-GPR with Reserve Bank of India, Communication with RBI for approvals.
Obtained IEC code and involve with registration of STP Company.
Achievements: Managed corporate secretariat and accounting work for group companies. Received chairman’s employee of the department recognition for the year 2009.
Handled all secretarial work and obtained permission from banks etc. Preparation of shareholding pattern, Secretarial Audit Report etc as required under listing agreement for listed companies under SEBI Act.
Hold and conduct the meeting through postal ballot, Appointment of scrutinizers. Increase of authorized capital, registered office of Company etc.
All work in the era of e-governance of Ministry of Company Affairs.  Handled the due diligence of Companies. All secretarial work related to group companies.
Preferential Allotment to Nonresident FII, Filing of Form FC-GPR with Reserve Bank of India, Communication with RBI for approvals.
Obtained IEC code and involve with registration of STP Company.
Achievements: Managed corporate secretariat and accounting work for group companies. Received chairman’s employee of the department recognition for the year 2009.
Handled all secretarial work and obtained permission from banks etc. Preparation of shareholding pattern, Secretarial Audit Report etc as required under listing agreement for listed companies under SEBI Act.
Hold and conduct the meeting through postal ballot, Appointment of scrutinizers. Increase of authorized capital, registered office of Company etc.
All work in the era of e-governance of Ministry of Company Affairs.  Handled the due diligence of Companies. All secretarial work related to group companies.
Preferential Allotment to Nonresident FII, Filing of Form FC-GPR with Reserve Bank of India, Communication with RBI for approvals.
Obtained IEC code and involve with registration of STP Company.
Achievements: Managed corporate secretariat and accounting work for group companies. Received chairman’s employee of the department recognition for the year 2009.
Handled all secretarial work and obtained permission from banks etc. Preparation of shareholding pattern, Secretarial Audit Report etc as required under listing agreement for listed companies under SEBI Act.
Hold and conduct the meeting through postal ballot, Appointment of scrutinizers. Increase of authorized capital, registered office of Company etc.
All work in the era of e-governance of Ministry of Company Affairs.  Handled the due diligence of Companies. All secretarial work related to group companies.
Preferential Allotment to Nonresident FII, Filing of Form FC-GPR with Reserve Bank of India, Communication with RBI for approvals.
Obtained IEC code and involve with registration of STP Company.
Achievements: Managed corporate secretariat and accounting work for group companies. Received chairman’s employee of the department recognition for the year 2009.
Summary: Group Company-  Subsidiary Company IIC Hotels Limited.
Summary: Group Company-  Subsidiary Company IIC Hotels Limited.
Summary: Group Company-  Subsidiary Company IIC Hotels Limited.
Summary: Group Company-  Subsidiary Company IIC Hotels Limited.
Summary: Group Company-  Subsidiary Company IIC Hotels Limited.
Summary: Group Company-  Subsidiary Company IIC Hotels Limited.
Ensuring compliance with Companies Act & carrying out all Secretarial activities. Organizing & conduct Board & General Meetings.
Preparing of agenda and minutes of the meetings. Filing various forms and return under the Companies Act.
Preparing & maintaining Statutory Registers under the Companies Act. Ensuring to provide timely Board Resolutions / Documents / Letters as per requisition received.
Advising on Company Law matters. Preparation and filling of annual reports. Co-coordinating with Internal and External lawyers.
Establish and drive Corporate Governance norms to ensure transparency in all operations. Ensure Organization compliance to all relevant rules and regulations of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Collaborate with consultants and legal entities to understand all legal issues pertaining to mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances.
Coordinate company meetings, manage proceedings and draft minutes of the same in a timely manner. Ensure maintenance of all documentation as per statutory requirements.
Ensure compliance / follow up on all decisions of the Board. Ensure all necessary legal documentation of forms / returns such as, filing of annual accounts, annual returns and other returns and forms with the Registrar of Companies and other statutory bodies.
Ensure effective maintenance of statutory registers, records etc. Coordinate all IPO related activities in collaboration with the CFO.
Ensure effective redressal of investor / shareholder grievances. Prepare necessary applications for allotment of land from state government authorities etc. and coordinate all related matters.
Provide information and guidance on the Companies Act and other related laws to the senior / middle management; prepare summaries to circulate to them.
Oversee the timely preparation of monthly MIS reports, quarterly estimates and specific exception analysis reports on a timely basis.
Achievements: Streamlined processes for corporate compliance and filing various statutory forms on time which helped parent company to secure funding for upcoming projects.
Ensuring compliance with Companies Act & carrying out all Secretarial activities. Organizing & conduct Board & General Meetings.
Preparing of agenda and minutes of the meetings. Filing various forms and return under the Companies Act.
Preparing & maintaining Statutory Registers under the Companies Act. Ensuring to provide timely Board Resolutions / Documents / Letters as per requisition received.
Advising on Company Law matters. Preparation and filling of annual reports. Co-coordinating with Internal and External lawyers.
Establish and drive Corporate Governance norms to ensure transparency in all operations. Ensure Organization compliance to all relevant rules and regulations of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Collaborate with consultants and legal entities to understand all legal issues pertaining to mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances.
Coordinate company meetings, manage proceedings and draft minutes of the same in a timely manner. Ensure maintenance of all documentation as per statutory requirements.
Ensure compliance / follow up on all decisions of the Board. Ensure all necessary legal documentation of forms / returns such as, filing of annual accounts, annual returns and other returns and forms with the Registrar of Companies and other statutory bodies.
Ensure effective maintenance of statutory registers, records etc. Coordinate all IPO related activities in collaboration with the CFO.
Ensure effective redressal of investor / shareholder grievances. Prepare necessary applications for allotment of land from state government authorities etc. and coordinate all related matters.
Provide information and guidance on the Companies Act and other related laws to the senior / middle management; prepare summaries to circulate to them.
Oversee the timely preparation of monthly MIS reports, quarterly estimates and specific exception analysis reports on a timely basis.
Achievements: Streamlined processes for corporate compliance and filing various statutory forms on time which helped parent company to secure funding for upcoming projects.
Ensuring compliance with Companies Act & carrying out all Secretarial activities. Organizing & conduct Board & General Meetings.
Preparing of agenda and minutes of the meetings. Filing various forms and return under the Companies Act.
Preparing & maintaining Statutory Registers under the Companies Act. Ensuring to provide timely Board Resolutions / Documents / Letters as per requisition received.
Advising on Company Law matters. Preparation and filling of annual reports. Co-coordinating with Internal and External lawyers.
Establish and drive Corporate Governance norms to ensure transparency in all operations. Ensure Organization compliance to all relevant rules and regulations of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Collaborate with consultants and legal entities to understand all legal issues pertaining to mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances.
Coordinate company meetings, manage proceedings and draft minutes of the same in a timely manner. Ensure maintenance of all documentation as per statutory requirements.
Ensure compliance / follow up on all decisions of the Board. Ensure all necessary legal documentation of forms / returns such as, filing of annual accounts, annual returns and other returns and forms with the Registrar of Companies and other statutory bodies.
Ensure effective maintenance of statutory registers, records etc. Coordinate all IPO related activities in collaboration with the CFO.
Ensure effective redressal of investor / shareholder grievances. Prepare necessary applications for allotment of land from state government authorities etc. and coordinate all related matters.
Provide information and guidance on the Companies Act and other related laws to the senior / middle management; prepare summaries to circulate to them.
Oversee the timely preparation of monthly MIS reports, quarterly estimates and specific exception analysis reports on a timely basis.
Achievements: Streamlined processes for corporate compliance and filing various statutory forms on time which helped parent company to secure funding for upcoming projects.
Ensuring compliance with Companies Act & carrying out all Secretarial activities. Organizing & conduct Board & General Meetings.
Preparing of agenda and minutes of the meetings. Filing various forms and return under the Companies Act.
Preparing & maintaining Statutory Registers under the Companies Act. Ensuring to provide timely Board Resolutions / Documents / Letters as per requisition received.
Advising on Company Law matters. Preparation and filling of annual reports. Co-coordinating with Internal and External lawyers.
Establish and drive Corporate Governance norms to ensure transparency in all operations. Ensure Organization compliance to all relevant rules and regulations of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Collaborate with consultants and legal entities to understand all legal issues pertaining to mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances.
Coordinate company meetings, manage proceedings and draft minutes of the same in a timely manner. Ensure maintenance of all documentation as per statutory requirements.
Ensure compliance / follow up on all decisions of the Board. Ensure all necessary legal documentation of forms / returns such as, filing of annual accounts, annual returns and other returns and forms with the Registrar of Companies and other statutory bodies.
Ensure effective maintenance of statutory registers, records etc. Coordinate all IPO related activities in collaboration with the CFO.
Ensure effective redressal of investor / shareholder grievances. Prepare necessary applications for allotment of land from state government authorities etc. and coordinate all related matters.
Provide information and guidance on the Companies Act and other related laws to the senior / middle management; prepare summaries to circulate to them.
Oversee the timely preparation of monthly MIS reports, quarterly estimates and specific exception analysis reports on a timely basis.
Achievements: Streamlined processes for corporate compliance and filing various statutory forms on time which helped parent company to secure funding for upcoming projects.
Ensuring compliance with Companies Act & carrying out all Secretarial activities. Organizing & conduct Board & General Meetings.
Preparing of agenda and minutes of the meetings. Filing various forms and return under the Companies Act.
Preparing & maintaining Statutory Registers under the Companies Act. Ensuring to provide timely Board Resolutions / Documents / Letters as per requisition received.
Advising on Company Law matters. Preparation and filling of annual reports. Co-coordinating with Internal and External lawyers.
Establish and drive Corporate Governance norms to ensure transparency in all operations. Ensure Organization compliance to all relevant rules and regulations of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Collaborate with consultants and legal entities to understand all legal issues pertaining to mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances.
Coordinate company meetings, manage proceedings and draft minutes of the same in a timely manner. Ensure maintenance of all documentation as per statutory requirements.
Ensure compliance / follow up on all decisions of the Board. Ensure all necessary legal documentation of forms / returns such as, filing of annual accounts, annual returns and other returns and forms with the Registrar of Companies and other statutory bodies.
Ensure effective maintenance of statutory registers, records etc. Coordinate all IPO related activities in collaboration with the CFO.
Ensure effective redressal of investor / shareholder grievances. Prepare necessary applications for allotment of land from state government authorities etc. and coordinate all related matters.
Provide information and guidance on the Companies Act and other related laws to the senior / middle management; prepare summaries to circulate to them.
Oversee the timely preparation of monthly MIS reports, quarterly estimates and specific exception analysis reports on a timely basis.
Achievements: Streamlined processes for corporate compliance and filing various statutory forms on time which helped parent company to secure funding for upcoming projects.
Ensuring compliance with Companies Act & carrying out all Secretarial activities. Organizing & conduct Board & General Meetings.
Preparing of agenda and minutes of the meetings. Filing various forms and return under the Companies Act.
Preparing & maintaining Statutory Registers under the Companies Act. Ensuring to provide timely Board Resolutions / Documents / Letters as per requisition received.
Advising on Company Law matters. Preparation and filling of annual reports. Co-coordinating with Internal and External lawyers.
Establish and drive Corporate Governance norms to ensure transparency in all operations. Ensure Organization compliance to all relevant rules and regulations of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Collaborate with consultants and legal entities to understand all legal issues pertaining to mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances.
Coordinate company meetings, manage proceedings and draft minutes of the same in a timely manner. Ensure maintenance of all documentation as per statutory requirements.
Ensure compliance / follow up on all decisions of the Board. Ensure all necessary legal documentation of forms / returns such as, filing of annual accounts, annual returns and other returns and forms with the Registrar of Companies and other statutory bodies.
Ensure effective maintenance of statutory registers, records etc. Coordinate all IPO related activities in collaboration with the CFO.
Ensure effective redressal of investor / shareholder grievances. Prepare necessary applications for allotment of land from state government authorities etc. and coordinate all related matters.
Provide information and guidance on the Companies Act and other related laws to the senior / middle management; prepare summaries to circulate to them.
Oversee the timely preparation of monthly MIS reports, quarterly estimates and specific exception analysis reports on a timely basis.
Achievements: Streamlined processes for corporate compliance and filing various statutory forms on time which helped parent company to secure funding for upcoming projects.
(Employer: D Pathak & Associates Practicing Company Secretary).
(Employer: D Pathak & Associates Practicing Company Secretary).
(Employer: D Pathak & Associates Practicing Company Secretary).
(Employer: D Pathak & Associates Practicing Company Secretary).
(Employer: D Pathak & Associates Practicing Company Secretary).
Customer name: Various mid-sized and leading listed companies.
Customer name: Various mid-sized and leading listed companies.
Customer name: Various mid-sized and leading listed companies.
Customer name: Various mid-sized and leading listed companies.
Customer name: Various mid-sized and leading listed companies.
Customer name: Various mid-sized and leading listed companies.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including secretariat matters, corporate compliance and governance activities for various small and mid-sized companies in India.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including secretariat matters, corporate compliance and governance activities for various small and mid-sized companies in India.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including secretariat matters, corporate compliance and governance activities for various small and mid-sized companies in India.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including secretariat matters, corporate compliance and governance activities for various small and mid-sized companies in India.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including secretariat matters, corporate compliance and governance activities for various small and mid-sized companies in India.
Summary: Engaged in various activities including secretariat matters, corporate compliance and governance activities for various small and mid-sized companies in India.
Handle various Secretarial, legal Matters of listed Companies and of private Companies like updating of Minutes book, Statutory Registers, Incorporation of Companies, Alteration in MOA, etc.
Filing of various forms as required under MCA and even obtaining of DIN of various Directors. Compliance under the SEBI Legislations of various Listed Companies.
Well Verse with Filing of various Applications like TM 51 their additional representations under Trademark Act.
Undertaken the drafting and vetting of Indian and International Legal Agreements such as Subscription Agreement, Shareholders Agreements, Agreement of Sale, Patent Agreement etc. of foreign countries like US, Germany and providing inputs which will be more beneficial to clients.
Undergone Industrial Training in “BELL GRANITO” India in subject of Central Excise.
Achievements: Managed portfolio of 30+ companies for their various requirements on statutory and regulatory compliance.
Handle various Secretarial, legal Matters of listed Companies and of private Companies like updating of Minutes book, Statutory Registers, Incorporation of Companies, Alteration in MOA, etc.
Filing of various forms as required under MCA and even obtaining of DIN of various Directors. Compliance under the SEBI Legislations of various Listed Companies.
Well Verse with Filing of various Applications like TM 51 their additional representations under Trademark Act.
Undertaken the drafting and vetting of Indian and International Legal Agreements such as Subscription Agreement, Shareholders Agreements, Agreement of Sale, Patent Agreement etc. of foreign countries like US, Germany and providing inputs which will be more beneficial to clients.
Undergone Industrial Training in “BELL GRANITO” India in subject of Central Excise.
Achievements: Managed portfolio of 30+ companies for their various requirements on statutory and regulatory compliance.
Handle various Secretarial, legal Matters of listed Companies and of private Companies like updating of Minutes book, Statutory Registers, Incorporation of Companies, Alteration in MOA, etc.
Filing of various forms as required under MCA and even obtaining of DIN of various Directors. Compliance under the SEBI Legislations of various Listed Companies.
Well Verse with Filing of various Applications like TM 51 their additional representations under Trademark Act.
Undertaken the drafting and vetting of Indian and International Legal Agreements such as Subscription Agreement, Shareholders Agreements, Agreement of Sale, Patent Agreement etc. of foreign countries like US, Germany and providing inputs which will be more beneficial to clients.
Undergone Industrial Training in “BELL GRANITO” India in subject of Central Excise.
Achievements: Managed portfolio of 30+ companies for their various requirements on statutory and regulatory compliance.
Handle various Secretarial, legal Matters of listed Companies and of private Companies like updating of Minutes book, Statutory Registers, Incorporation of Companies, Alteration in MOA, etc.
Filing of various forms as required under MCA and even obtaining of DIN of various Directors. Compliance under the SEBI Legislations of various Listed Companies.
Well Verse with Filing of various Applications like TM 51 their additional representations under Trademark Act.
Undertaken the drafting and vetting of Indian and International Legal Agreements such as Subscription Agreement, Shareholders Agreements, Agreement of Sale, Patent Agreement etc. of foreign countries like US, Germany and providing inputs which will be more beneficial to clients.
Undergone Industrial Training in “BELL GRANITO” India in subject of Central Excise.
Achievements: Managed portfolio of 30+ companies for their various requirements on statutory and regulatory compliance.
Handle various Secretarial, legal Matters of listed Companies and of private Companies like updating of Minutes book, Statutory Registers, Incorporation of Companies, Alteration in MOA, etc.
Filing of various forms as required under MCA and even obtaining of DIN of various Directors. Compliance under the SEBI Legislations of various Listed Companies.
Well Verse with Filing of various Applications like TM 51 their additional representations under Trademark Act.
Undertaken the drafting and vetting of Indian and International Legal Agreements such as Subscription Agreement, Shareholders Agreements, Agreement of Sale, Patent Agreement etc. of foreign countries like US, Germany and providing inputs which will be more beneficial to clients.
Undergone Industrial Training in “BELL GRANITO” India in subject of Central Excise.
Achievements: Managed portfolio of 30+ companies for their various requirements on statutory and regulatory compliance.
Handle various Secretarial, legal Matters of listed Companies and of private Companies like updating of Minutes book, Statutory Registers, Incorporation of Companies, Alteration in MOA, etc.
Filing of various forms as required under MCA and even obtaining of DIN of various Directors. Compliance under the SEBI Legislations of various Listed Companies.
Well Verse with Filing of various Applications like TM 51 their additional representations under Trademark Act.
Undertaken the drafting and vetting of Indian and International Legal Agreements such as Subscription Agreement, Shareholders Agreements, Agreement of Sale, Patent Agreement etc. of foreign countries like US, Germany and providing inputs which will be more beneficial to clients.
Undergone Industrial Training in “BELL GRANITO” India in subject of Central Excise.
Achievements: Managed portfolio of 30+ companies for their various requirements on statutory and regulatory compliance.Knowledge of MS Power Point, MS Access, UBS, Labour Law and Company Law.
Senior Executive, Corporate Secretariat at Genting Singapore PLC.
• Ensure compliance with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements in Singapore.
• Provide corporate secretarial services and support for Genting Singapore PLC:-.
• Supporting Board/Committee meetings and Annual Reports preparation.
• ESOS (as Primary Officer) – Preparing ALA forms, liaising with relevant parties for confirmations and follow up including regulatory filings such as SGX.
• CRA notifications (as Covering Officer) – Preparing CRA notifications and submission to CRA.
• Perpetual capital securities (as Covering Officer) – Assisting with relevant documentation including SGX announcement.
• Provide corporate secretarial services and support for the entities in the following jurisdictions:-.
• Primary: Hong Kong, Indonesia, Macau, Malaysia, Mongolia, Thailand and Vietnam.
• Covering: Bermuda, Cayman, Genting Singapore PLC, Japan and United Kingdom.
• Includes liaising with external service agents, notary public, attend to filings, supporting, update and maintenance of statutory registers etc. and handling other requests from time to time.
• To assist in preparation of corporate secretariat budget.
• To do physical check, prepare and update master list on share certificates and common seals in the safe.
• To upkeep housekeeping – scanning board resolutions for ERMS and check/update corporate profile.
• To handle administration queries and tasks as may be required.
• Preparation of departmental template as required - eg. corporate profile template.
• Involved and coordinating CRA, ESOS, PSS and share buy-back cancellation.
• Liase with Embassy of Mongolia for legalisation of documents.
•Managing and administering corporate secretarial practices in compliance with the statutory requirements.
•Prepare pre and post Board of Directors' Meetings, Annual General Meetings and internal meetings.
•Timely preparation of resolutions, minutes of meetings, statutory documents and other related documents.
•Ensure proper update and maintenance of the statutory records and secretarial documents.
•Formulating, advising and implementing policies and procedures to improve the overall efficiency of the secretarial department.
•Attend ad-hoc assignments as specified by Company Secretary from time to time.
•Supervising and guiding subordinates in performing their duties.
•Liaising with other internal departments and external parties such as Companies Commission of Malaysia, Auditors, Lawyers, Bankers and other relevant authorities as and when required.
• Arrange and coordinate for internal meeting, Board meeting and General Meeting.
• Experience in motivating, training and guiding supporting staffs.
• Preparation of Notices of Meetings of the Board of Directors.
• Preparation of Notices and minutes of Annual General Meeting.
• Attend Board of Directors’ Meeting, Audit Committees’ Meeting, Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting.
• Preparation and filing of the necessary statutory returns/documents with the Companies Commission of Malaysia (“CCM”) as required by the Companies Act, 1965 (“Act”), Listing Requirement, Securities Commission and etc.
• Liaising with the government authorities such as CCM, Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, Securities Commission, financial institution and legal adviser in respect of the company’s secretariat’s issue and related matters.
• Advise the management and board on matters pertaining to statutory compliance requirements as prescribed under the various statutes, in particular, the Companies Act, 1965.
• Drafting of announcements to Bursa Malaysia, circulars to shareholders and such other requisite documentation relating to any corporate exercise.
• Upkeep and maintenance of the various Registers and Statutory records as required under the Act.
• To report on billing or collection or activity on portfolio of clients.
• Handling on public listed company i.e. announcement, listing requirement, attending meetings and etc.
• Involving in preparation necessary application to Bank Negara Malaysia for issuance of Redeemable Preference Shares.
1.  To ensure the necessary registers to be kept by the Companies Act are established and property updated and maintained;.
2. To ensure that all returns required to be lodged with the Registrar of Companies are prepared and filed within the appropriate time limit;.
3. To attend to the needs and requirements of the customers including the provision of certified true copies of documents, completion of forms and documents as may be requested by the customers;.
4. To prepare resolutions, necessary and relevant documents, share certificates, and other incidental documents required by the customers and to follow up with such instructions and directions including filing of the signed copies into the minutes book and secretarial file;.
5. To attend if required meetings of directors and shareholders (this include the issuance of notices of meeting, sending out of notices, preparation of agendas, amd preparation and compilation of minutes of meeting;.
6. Aware of procedures of meeting (particularly with regards to the Articles of Association of each of the customer pertaining to such things as quorum requirements, voting procedures, voting procedures, proxy provisions) and to advise the customers accordingly;.
7. To assist the customers in application of licenses and permits where relevant and if required to attend to queries from governmental bodies and to reply to such queries accordingly;.
8. To attend at government and/or customers' office if required for the purpose of obtaining or extraction of information, search files with regards to the instructions and directions of the customers of the Company;.
9. To coordinate with other colleagues to ensure proper compliance of the statutory requirements and be responsive to the request of the customers; and.
• To assist Company Secretary in application and renewal of working permit in immigration department.
• Experience in application of personal tax registration with IRB.
Assist Company Secretary in corporate secretarial matters such as preparing resolutions, statutory forms and correcpondence letter.
Normal secretarial task i.e. preparing minutes, letters, arranging meetings, appointments, transportation and organize functions.
Dealing and follow up with the correspondence with the tardemark office in relation to the Co.'s trademark.
Involve in reconstructuring of the company i.e. conversion of sole proprietorship to private company, capital reduciton and winding up.
Knowledge in Companies Act, Listing Requirement and Employment Act.
Seek for better career advancement opportunities and exposure.
Secretarial function in arranging appointments, travel arrangements, meeting, organize functions in between branch and main office.
To prepare and type draft minutes and follow up on the relevant matters in branch office.
Dealing with office correspondence incoming and outgoing calls and documents.
To provide general administrative support to the department such as filing and other clerical administration.
Reporting and update to main office the activities in branch office.
To assist in coordinating interviews and maintain database of job applicants.
Seeking for career advancement and to continue further study.
Secretarial function in preparing the company Resolutions, statutory documents and forms.
Correspondence with govevernment department - KWSP, SOCSO, IRB, ROB and ROC.
Responsible in general adminstrative work and familiar with office policies.
Keeping track and report to management on staff records such as leave, over time and allowance claim.
Controlling of petty cash, issuing official receipts and preparing invoices and payment voucher.
Follow up with the stock of materials purchased such as stationery, typewriter and others.
• Experience in dealing with client regarding secretarial, management services and general tax.
• Good working in software applications including Ms Words, Ms Excel and COSEC program.
Preparing a correspondence letters on behalf of the company.
Receptionist duties such as answering the phone call, data-entry and arrange for the appointment.
Coping with photostat machine, fax machine and typewriter.
The Malaysian Institure of Chartered Secretaries and Administrator.Company nature: Construction Nature Post: Secretary and Accounting Officer Job duties:.
(e.g. Income statement, Journal Voucher and account system).
Provide the secretaries service to clients for opening company.
Find and compare the best quotation in order to lower the cost.
Familiar with MS office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Assess and Internet Explorer).
Oracle Financial System ( e.g. Peachtree accounting system).
Higher Diploma in Corporate Administration Graduate with Credit(B+) result.
(Pass with full certificate include Chinese and English Language).Address: Room 3609, 36/F, Mei Lai House, Mei Tin Estate, Tai Wei, NT.
Hang Seng Management College, Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours) (BBA).
Hang Seng Management College, Associate in Business Administration (Year 2).
Hang Seng School of Commerce, Pre-Associate in Business Administration.
Certificate for Module (The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries Examinations Preparatory Programme – Corporate Financial Management), The University of Hong Kong School of Professional And Continuing Education.
Certificate for Module (The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries Examinations Preparatory Programme – Hong Kong Corporate Law), The University of Hong Kong School of Professional And Continuing Education.
Spoken Language: Native Cantonese, Proficient in English and Putonghua.Develop in the company secretarial industry with joining the IQS examination.
2012 –2016           Hong Kong Shue Yan University (Business Administration with Concentration in Corporate Governance) (Upper Second Honor).
07/2016-present     Company Secretarial Assistant in BMI Listed Corporate Services Limited.
Responsibility: Provide secretarial service to listed companies.
Responsibility: Help CLP Holdings Limited to complete the Research on Directors Fee.
06/2015-08/2015    Intern in Corporate Secretarial Department of CLP Holdings Limited.
06/2014-09/2014  CITI-HKCSS Community Intern Program - Intern in Asian Outreach Hong Kong Limited.
Responsibility: Prepare budget, Stock-take, Check the Auditor Report, Support Administrative and Accounting Department.
06/2013  LCCI Level 3 Certificate in Accounting – Pass with Distinction.
02/06/2015-05/06/2015   2015 The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce Exchange and Investigation Program – Qianhai, Nansha, Hengqin Investigation.
2012-2013 Joint University Forex Investment Simulation Contest – Semi Finalist.Provide professional Company Secretarial services to offshore, oversea and Hong Kong companies, e.g. Handle renewal of business registration fee, submit Annual return to Companies Registry, preparation of minutes, resolutions and statutory documents of Hong Kong Companies.
Coordinate incoming & outgoing email, phone calls and interviews between different parties in professional manner.
Cooperate with clients, accountants, bankers and lawyers on company secretarial and compliance issues directly.
Organize board meeting and shareholder meeting as required by management.
Prepare and issue invoices, maintain a proper filing system.
Develop joint promotion programs with business partners and manage partner relationship timely.
Conduct market & product research to evaluate market opportunities and gather competitor information.
Student member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS).
Certificate of higher education in Psychology and Counseling.
our client’s Hong Kong companies, including company incorporation and annual filings.
of company’s statutory books and records in compliance with laws and regulatory requirement in Hong Kong.
Convene and facilitate shareholder and board meetings, and prepare all related documents.
Acorn Businesses Services And Consultancy Limited Position: Company Secretarial Officer Duties:.
Acorn Businesses Services And Consultancy Limited Position: Company Secretarial Officer Duties:.Address : 1 Marymount Terrace, #02-01 Boonview, Singapore 574036.
May 2014 : The Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered.
BoardVantage – Board Portal for online board book creation and distribution with workflows and one-click support of last minute updates and notifications.
Viewpoint - Software cater for administration and management of entities including companies, trusts, partnerships, foundations and funds.
Fluent in English and Mandarin, conversant in Hokkien, Malay and a bit of Cantonese.
Currently embark in Japanese language class for about 1 year.
Full spectrum of corporate secretarial duties for the Company and its subsidiaries including maintaining statutory registers and records, drafting and preparing agendas, board resolutions, liaising with the offices of our directors and management, doing ACRA filings and generally ensuring compliance to the Companies Act and other corporate regulatory requirements.
Incorporation and liquidation of various entities in the Asia Pacific Regions.
Preparation and circulation of written board resolutions for matters requiring board approval.
Managing company meetings, annual conferences involving the board from preparation of documents, maintaining statutory records, filing returns, complying with statutory, ACRA and MAS requirements.
Provide support and handling the secretarial matters for overseas’ subsidiaries in (i.e. China, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia and Europe countries), to fulfill local regulations and legislations.
Preparing and releasing of announcements, news releases, notification of change of interest by CEOs/Directors and substantial shareholders on SGXNET.
Organizing, preparing agendas and minutes for board and board committee meetings.
Updating and maintaining the terms of reference for board committees from time to time.
Handling and managing the share issues such as employees’ share options (ESOPs), restricted shares (RSP), performance shares (PSP) and share buybacks.
Support the board and subsidiaries to fulfill statutory obligations in corporate related matters.
AGM/EGM matters.  Preparing and organizing annual shareholders meeting.  Support the preparation of documents to shareholders, e.g. notices, circulars and annual report.
Monitor and scheduling dates for Board & Board committee meetings annually.
Checking on TM specifications & monitor TMs renewal matters and set-up filing records.
Handling, monitoring & coordinating with IP lawyers on TM issues.
Attend to objections, citations, appeals & withdrawal of TM issues.
Issue letters of consent or letter of demand (if any) to external parties.
CAPITALAND COMMERCIAL LIMITED (subsidiary of CapitaLand Limited).
Responsible for providing high quality secretarial and administrative support to Managing Director as well as to some members of the management team.
Liaison with HQ, managing and coordinating schedules on meetings, notices, coordinating travel arrangements and hotel accommodations.
Preparing and distributing periodic reports, correspondence and presentation materials as well as minutes.
Preparing directorships’ declarations/resolutions for submission to secretariat office.
Updating and submission of year end director’s share options for external auditor.
Manage the whole administration according to the goal, objective and policy set by the Director of the company.
Maintain and review the network systematically and advise Director of any change required and according to company's ISO requirements.
Supervise the staffs in the Admin network and advise Director on the staff’s workload, to (assign the total workload correctly among the admin staffs.
Carry out work as required under job enlargement programme and same for the sister or associated companies.
Compile and maintain a comprehensive industry wide database on members input.
Carry market research, primarily commodity based as required by members.
Co-ordinate members' marketing programmes and thereafter monitors all sales visit reports and maximizes effectiveness by working with members to ensure their appropriate response, reaction and on-going follow-up.
Assessing trends arising from the market information/database statistics and advising members of any relevant info on clients and commodities.
Maintain company profiles of shipping charterers and owners. Initially cover all Singapore based operators for access by members.
Secretarial duties, general administrative support in office routine matters such as assisting in day-to-day operations, managing travel and hotel arrangements, handling daily mails/faxes and follow-up.
Co-ordinate in arrangement of venue and logistics support for major meetings/ conference.
Update weekly vessel's slate and preparing vessel voyager orders to ship-owners/ agents.
Monitor vessel's operation reports e.g. ETA notices, filing and preparing freight calculation advice for payment to shipowner.
Perform demurrage claims and economic evaluation for tanker time-charter.
Secretarial duties e.g. general administrative support such as day-to-day operations, managing travel and hotel arrangements, handling internal/external correspondences and follow-up accordingly.
Handling of administrative works, hotel bookings, leave records and answering of telephone calls.
Assist in admin duties, set up filing system and coordination of meetings.
Responsible for preparing financial and management reports and budgets for board meetings.
Administrative and secretarial supports to a group of project managers.
Handling mails/faxes/telexes, preparing contracts, notices of meetings, minutes of meetings.
Maintaining filing systems such as tender documents, drawings, etc.
Clerical duties such as typing tender documents, contracts, printing, etc.
The merger of AMPOL and CALTEX in Australia and the start-up of the SPRC Refinery in Thailand inevitably caused an increase in the workload in the Marine Department in CALTEX. It was then that I was requested to assist (in addition to my secretary role) to perform on shipping demurrage claims.
Even though I was totally new and inexperience in shipping demurrage claims, I was enthusiastic and was very determined to learn all about demurrage claims. My utmost effort and long hours spent on the claims by cataloging, assessing and negotiating resulted in the settlement of a total of 67 claims and reducing the claim amount (savings) totaling US$270,000.
It was through this first attempt and result achieved in the shipping demurrage claims that I was awarded the annual CALTEX's Chairman Award, detailed as evidenced from the attached sheets.
It was indeed an unique experience for me to perform this extraordinary function as a secretary and even more pleasantly pleased having to be rewarded subsequently.(current salary: S$98,000 per annum including bonus & stock options – will furnish IR8E FY2016 if selected).
coordinate board, board committee and general meetings, and prepare and/or coordinate materials for such meetings, and draft minutes of JV Board Meetings.
Upload all board and board committee meeting papers onto the system for dissemination to board members and senior management.
Maintain and update corporate secretarial information into the system.
Draft and review resolutions and arrange signature of resolutions and related documents.
Handle a portfolio of 11 JV companies with residential development in China.
Draft and review announcements, issue announcements and disseminate copies of announcements as required.
Liaise as required with registered agents and solicitors in various jurisdictions and group companies on corporate secretarial matters.
Liaise with external agents on secretariat work of 7 JV companies.
Perform secretariat exercises such as incorporation, support tender submission, capital reduction, liquidation,.
Organise Board of Directors’ Meetings, prepare board pack, ensure timely circulation to the Board , and draft minutes of  Directors’ meetings.
Prepare Directors’ and Shareholders’ Resolutions as per instructions from respective department (Finance, Treasury, Investments, Marketing etc).
Draft SGX announcement (establishment of subsidiaries, change of interest in Subsidiaries/associated companies, placing companies in liquidation and dissolution).
(Reasons for leaving: Seeking more challenging portfolio).
Assist in handling corporate secretarial work for China Yuchai International Limited, a Bermuda incorporated company listed on NYSE with key subsidiaries in .
Provide secretarial support to the other part of the portfolio -Hong Leong () Group of companies inclusive of 10  incorporated Private Limited companies, 11 offshore companies, and other Group’s subsidiaries and associated companies with overseas operations.
Organize board and audit committee meetings, prepare board papers, attend & record minutes of Directors’ and shareholders’ meetings, draft resolution and announcements, file statutory forms via bizfile and release announcements to SGX-ST.
Co-ordinate and liaise with external corporate secretarial agents on corporate secretarial work of offshore companies.
Support the senior executive to provide corporate secretarial services to her portfolio of more than 90 clients (including Pte Ltd, Foreign Branch & 1 Listed Company).
(Reasons for leaving: To take up more responsibilities and gain more experience in non-routine tasks.).
Application of Trademark/ CR No./ AVA License/  CPF Registration.
(Reasons for leaving: M&C Services Pte Ltd is more structured with better guidance in terms of its secretarial practice.).
Educated young minds on subjects such as English, Mathematics, Science & Chinese.
(Reasons for leaving: Wanting to re-enter corporate arena.).
Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable using ACCPAC Dos &   Windows.
Inter-company Accounts Reconciliation, Bank Reconciliation.
(Reasons for leaving: Took up full time degree course offered by RMIT university, Australia in conjunction with SIM.).
(Reasons for leaving: Sant Singh & Partners merged with Chor Pee & Co, and I was keen to try out accounting position.).
Resourceful with good problem solving skills, Able to work within tight deadlines, Able to work independently as well as within a team.
Meticulous and Organized, Diligent, Responsible & Independent.Address : 13, Taman Thean Peng, 05150 Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia.
Current Address : 262 Yishun Street 22 #09-121 Singapore 760262.
Nationality/ Residence  :  Malaysian / Singapore Permanent Resident.
Institute/University  : Liverpool John Moores University, United Kingdom.
Institute/University  :  Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC), Malaysia.
Professional Certificate  :  The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators studentship since 2008.
(One paper more to obtain MAICSA membership, estimate completion period is Dec 2014).
2013 Certificate of Completion issued by NTUC LearningHub Pte Ltd for Visual Communication using Adobe Photoshop CS5.
Certificate of Adobe Certified Associate – Visual Communication using Adobe Photoshop CS5 issued by Adobe.
2012 Certificate of Achievement issued by Singapore Academy of Law for elitigation of user module and probate module.
Microsoft Offices, UBS, Secretary 2000, Legalpac, Electronic Filing System, Elitigation, Photoshop CS5 OMIS database (In-house Information System for Corporate Secretarial).
Company   :  David Chong & Co. / Portcullis TrustNet (Singapore) Pte Ltd.
David Chong and Co cum Portcullis TrustNet (Singapore) Pte Ltd.
Assist lawyers in e-filing, draft agreements, due-diligence check, invoicing, prepare resolutions and etc.
would like to pursue my career in corporate secretarial industry.
E-filing with ACRA, IRAS, preparing resolutions, draft reply to clients’ queries, XBRL, update database, mail redirection, invoicing and etc.I am an inquisitive and international-minded team player who expresses great interest in applying for a position in the field of client relationship management. I am ready for this challenge, and am determined to contribute beyond my very best in furthering the successes of your esteemed organisation.
I graduated from Aston Business School with a BSc(Hons) in International Business and Economics (First Class) and the programme includes a variety of international business and finance-based modules, as well as analytical and research work on companies and global trends. The experience of studying abroad has broadened my knowledge on the mechanics of the global economy and financial markets and increased my awareness on a wide range of international issues.
As part of my degree at Aston, I underwent a year-long work placement with Lion Global Investors in Singapore. As a Client Relations intern for over a year, I was responsible for the monthly production of over 30 fund factsheets which required significant liaising with the compliance and data management teams and the fund managers. In addition to the factsheet production, I had to coordinate information between the various departments in order to complete monthly and quarterly fund questionnaires and due diligence reports as part of the direct support for the relationship managers. Possessing knowledge on the various fund products and the monthly performance and fund manager’s commentaries is crucial as I may have to be the first point-of-contact for certain information before any further escalations to the relationship managers. Knowledge of AML and KYC were the necessary skills required for me to perform my duties.
My 6-months contract stint with Credit Suisse AG supporting the London Client Relationship Management Group.
(Soft Commission) has further honed my client management skills especially in the dealing of European and North.
American clients (FIs, hedge funds etc.) The daily contact and liaising between my assigned clients and the RMs in London has given me important exposure in a range of client requests from callbacks/SSI setups, invoicing, operational inquiries to reconciliation and the setting up of client static information in the form of trade bookings and soft commission rates.
Hence, I possess almost 2 years of solid client-dealing experience under my belt.
‘To be part of people’s solutions, not problems’ has always been my personal motto and I hope that my personal inquisitiveness and experience will be a positive contribution to your esteemed organisation.
I have attached my CV for your reference and I would like to thank you for your time and consideration. Should you have any questions regarding my application please do not hesitate to contact me on my mobile at 9780 2728 or email me at weemjj@aston.ac.uk.
Strongly embedded with the Asian values of commitment, respect, discipline and collective growth.
I possess Asian values with Western creativity to analyse with an international perspective on a wide range of issues.
Mar 2016 - Present Associate at Lion Global Investors Limited Singapore Reconciliation and Reporting, Operations Division.
Aug 2015 - Feb 2016 Business Analyst at Credit Suisse AG (EMEA CSA Operations) Commission Sharing, London Client Relationship Management Group.
Jul 2013 – Sep 2014 Intern at Lion Global Investors Limited in Singapore (13-Months Industrial Placement).
Client Services, Business Development Responsibilities:.
Through my placement programme, I have acquired an understanding of the various fixed income instruments and equity securities and the basic analysis involving the yield-curve, credit-ratings and relevant financial ratios. Other Employment Experience.
  Hobbies - Badminton, Football, Stargazing, Boxing, Falerist.
Head, Human Resources and Corporate Services  Teaching Fellow (Lecturer).
Email: AlanKong@lionglobalinvestors.com  Email: u.napiersky@aston.ac.uk.
Daily reconciliation of Unit Trust prices for uploading onto public web domain. Investigating breaks in positions and liaising with internal stakeholders on resolving these breaks.
Daily cash reconciliation on the ledgers for various UT Funds and Segregated Accounts. Working with the custodians, central dealing teams on ensuring proper funding of accounts and resolving FX queries.
Addressing ad-hoc queries from the Relationship Managers and segregated accounts and preparing monthly reports to service clients.
Monthly Derivative reconciliation (Forward FX, Swaps etc.) and working with stakeholder, both internal and external on resolving breaks.
Preparation of monthly factsheet data for use by both relationship managers and fund managers.
Monthly reconciliation of global client trades and setting up of static client information, commission rates and trade bookings into the global sales credit system.
Address any ad-hoc queries from European/North American clients and internal stakeholders such as traders, RMs and offshore support teams.
Assisted in the testing of the internal migration to a global Soft Commission booking and Invoice System.
Issuing invoices and assisting RMs in the set-up of SSI instructions. Validating invoices to determine if clients’ payment are eligible using CSA credits. support of end-to-end process for CSA related payments.
Monthly preparation of 60 fund factsheets for the various bond funds, equity funds and multi-asset strategies. Liaising with Fund Managers to obtain commentaries and extracting performance figures from Bloomberg and Morningstar Direct.
Involved in a year-long project to automate the production of the factsheets. Key responsibilities include the testing and sending of regular status reports back to the foreign-based vendors and providing feedback.
Monthly database updating of fund profiles and ratios involving bond funds for 8 consultants (eVestments, Cambridge associates etc.).
Assisted in carrying out due diligence and completing questionnaires on the performance and quality of both bond funds and equity funds.
Involved in the preparation of monthly consolidated valuation reports to be sent to Japanese distributors.
Proof reading research reports and commentaries on market developments and fund performance.
Nov 2010 – Sep 2012    Singapore Armed Forces (Platoon Sergeant- Signals).
Mar 2009 - Apr 2009    Industrial Training Programme at Commerzbank AG.
Nov 2010 – Sep 2012    Singapore Armed Forces (Platoon Sergeant- Signals).
Mar 2009 - Apr 2009    Industrial Training Programme at Commerzbank AG.
Sep 2012 -   Aston University     BSc (Hons) International Business and Economics.
Analysts' and Traders'     Diploma in Technical Analysis (DTA).
Apr 2007 –   Singapore Polytechnic    Diploma in Banking and Financial Services.
Sep 2012 -   Aston University     BSc (Hons) International Business and Economics.
Analysts' and Traders'     Diploma in Technical Analysis (DTA).
Apr 2007 –   Singapore Polytechnic    Diploma in Banking and Financial Services.Blk 273, #03-69 Toh Guan Road, S’pore 600273   Contact: 9728 5564 (M).
More than 10 working years experience dealing in Listed Companies, Private Limited and Offshore Company.
Process good knowledge of Singapore Companies Act and SGX Listing Manual.
Corporate Services working experience in accounting firm, law firm and offshore fiduciary firm.
Proficiency in Preparation of Board Resolution and Minutes Writing.
Experience in attending physical meeting and documented minutes.
Corporate Services Lead and Compliance            October 2011 – Present.
Routine corporate secretarial for Singapore and Offshore companies.
In charge of compliance projects (cash handling policy, risk assessment policy, MAS Outsourcing policy, etc).
Head-start new client portfolio in fund administration (Singapore Companies holding MAS license in fund management).
Handling a client portfolio of 350 companies (60 in fund administration).
Overseeing a secretarial team of 5 and report directly to the Managing Director.
Meeting clients and providing advice over the phone or email.
Assistant Manager – Fiduciary Services     May 2008 – September 2011.
Advising high-net worth clients to incorporate offshore companies in Cayman Islands, , ,  or offshore trust.
Preparation of corporate documents to incorporate  or offshore companies under tight deadline.
Arranging high-net worth clients to meet Bankers for bank account opening.
Providing post-incorporation companies services such as change of company name, assignment of loan, declaration of dividends, etc.
Drafting of cover letters to clients/banks/auditors/lawyers.
Proficient knowledge in ACRA filing and XBRL filing for Singapore Companies.
Corporate Secretarial Executive             November 2006 – April 2008.
Preparation of directors’ resolutions in writings for change of directors, interim dividends, transfer of shares, etc.
Preparation of routine documents for Annual General Meeting and filing of Annual Returns with ACRA.
Attending and drafting minutes of meetings for listed companies.
Preparation of draft announcements and submission of announcements to SGXNET on a timely basis.
Possess knowledge of SGX Listing Manual, Singapore Companies Act and bizfiling with ACRA.
Preparation of directors’ resolutions in writings for change of directors, interim dividends, transfer of shares, etc.
Preparation of routine documents for Annual General Meeting and filing of Annual Returns with ACRA.
Preparation of draft announcements and submission of announcements to SGXNET on a timely basis.
Possess knowledge of SGX Listing Manual, Companies Act and bizfiling with ACRA.1. I am holding the Associate Membership (ACIS) of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA). I also possess a (second-upper class) Bachelor’s Degree of Corporate Management (Hon.) from Anglia Ruskin University, U.K. In addition to my professional training as a chartered secretary, I am also well versed with structured finance, accounting, corporate legal, administration management and business environment.
2. I have more than 8 years corporate secretarial related working experiences in public listed and private companies. I am currently working in Singapore. It is the many similarities I find in this job with my present job that prompted me to apply. Consequentially, I believe my experience and exposure would enable me to shorten the learning curve in your company hence increasing my contributions.
3. As an employee, I am usually described as someone who is capable of working independently, with minimum supervision. I have also been commended for my ability to work effectively under pressure. Disposition-wise, I have often been described as someone who is active, optimistic, disciplined, a goal-getter, dedicated and a keen learner.
4. I seek an opportunity to proof my abilities. I would be more than happy to meet with you to further discuss the possibilities at a date and time convenient to you should my talents appear beneficial and relevant to the needs of your company. Feel free to reach me at +65-9469 6078 or at zennix85@hotmail.com I await your reply.
Regional Corporate Secretary at GRABTAXI HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.
• Handling full spectrum of company secretarial duties including incorporation, registration, restructuring, liquidation and disposal of Grab group companies and liaising and coordinating with others involved in such projects.
• Be responsible for statutory compliance work for the Grab group of companies in several jurisdictions such as Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, China, Philippines and U.S.
• Liaising with governmental authorities and professional services firms on legal, statutory compliance and company secretarial matters.
• Maintaining and updating statutory registers, legal entity profiles, list of authorized signatories and summary of legal entities for Grab group of companies.
• Drafting of board resolutions and minutes Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and EGM; coordinating the arrangements for directors’ and shareholders’ meetings; assisting with finalizing minutes of such meetings and obtaining signatures on the minutes and board resolutions.
• Providing data and support to the external auditors and the finance team during the annual statutory audit of the assigned Grab group companies.
• Providing professional administrative and secretarial support to Senior Lawyers, preparing of reports and confidential documents.
• Monitoring the budgets and expenses incurred on external corporate secretaries and processing billing, time sheets and expenses as appropriate.
• Handling full spectrum of company secretarial duties including incorporation, registration, restructuring, liquidation and disposal of CSC group companies and liaising and coordinating with others involved in such projects.
• Be responsible for statutory compliance work for the CSC group of companies in several jurisdictions such as Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Thailand, Indonesia, Taiwan, Vietnam, China, Japan, South Korea, Philippines and British Virgin Island.
• Liaising with governmental authorities and professional services firms on legal, statutory compliance and company secretarial matters.
• Maintaining and updating statutory registers, legal entity profiles, list of authorized signatories and summary of legal entities for CSC group of companies.
• Drafting of board resolutions and minutes Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and EGM; coordinating the arrangements for directors’ and shareholders’ meetings; assisting with finalizing minutes of such meetings and obtaining signatures on the minutes and board resolutions.
• Providing data and support to the external auditors and the finance team during the annual statutory audit of the assigned CSC group companies.
• Providing professional administrative and secretarial support to Senior Lawyers, preparing of reports and confidential documents.
• Monitoring the budgets and expenses incurred on external corporate secretaries and processing billing, time sheets and expenses as appropriate.
• To manage a portfolio of public listed & private companies, branches and representative offices in the area of advisory and compliance work in relation to the requirements of the relevant company legislations and regulations in Singapore and various foreign jurisdictions.
• Drafting of board resolutions and minutes Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and EGM.
• Assist and advise on listed company matters including draft and release SGXNET announcement obligations and IPTs.
• Assist on documentation and matters relating to the shareholders’ meetings including organizing AGM, preparation of Annual Report, Circulars, liaising with Share Registrar etc.
• Lead the team of two to execute, monitor and administer the overall corporate secretarial unit functions, which are in line with the Company and business needs.
• Prepare periodic reports on status of all corporate secretarial/legal matters assigned for the Management including but not limited to Board papers and proposals, quarterly and annual reports, and corporate governance reports and write ups.
• Organize Board meetings and interface with third party service providers including but not limited to Sponsor, internal and external auditors, company secretary, lawyers, merchant bankers, potential investors and financial analysts.
• Lead the team in organizing the Annual General Meeting (AGM), ensuring compliance and best practices in all aspects.
• Preparation, vet through and review all contracts, agreements, letters, proposals and other documents, which have legal statutory implications and ensure that such documents comply with the requirements of Malaysian laws and regulations.
• Handle business partners’ service agreements in respect to contract finalization, contract performance and service delivery, contract administration and contract changes.
• Coordinate with procurement, legal, and business partners for the development and completion of agreement.
• Address legal and commercial risks, manage operational processes and ensure communication flow between end-user and business partners.
• Participate in contract negotiations and ensure optimal benefit to Smartag.
• Responsible for developing HR policies and procedure, compensation and benefits scheme and ensure its enforcement and compliance.
• Ensure compliance with Labour Law, Industrial Relation Act and other rules and regulation of local authority.
• To ensure that group programs and initiatives are fully implemented within assigned department: Exit Interviews Programmes, Training Programmes, Annual Remuneration Review Programmes, Performance Management, and Employee Engagement Survey.
• To oversee the Group Administrative functions covering office facilities, group insurance, staff amenities and welfare.
• Give directions and work closely with the respective department in terms of people development, motivation, reward and retention within the Group of Companies.
• Arranging meetings including scheduling, sending invitation, capturing minutes of meetings, preparing matters arising, distribution and filing of minutes.
• Arranging travel and accommodation and occasionally travel with Executive Directors/CEO to take notes and provide general assistance during the meeting/trip.
• Advise management and Board of Directors (secretarial and compliance matters, Corporate Governance).
• Liaise with overseas peers, lawyers and professional service providers in connection with statutory compliance and company secretarial matters in foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, China and Myanmar.
The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
Major The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA).
Blk 17, #08-14, The Luxurie, Compassvale Road, GEORGETOWN, 544752,.________________________________________________________________________.
Address: Flat 2, 8/F., King Fai Court, 203-207 Lai Chi Kok Road, Kowloon.
Hong Kong Institutes of Chartered Secretary (HKICS) Student Ambassador (2012-2013).
Student of Investment & Finance Society – Promoter (2010-2012).
Computer Skills: Viewpoint, CSA Experts, Excel & Word (Chi 25p/m, Eng 50p/m processing), PowerPoint, Outlook express, Peachtree, Photoshop.
- Handling secretarial works for more than 100 companies in various jurisdictions.
- Handling customers’ enquiries and ad-hoc projects (e.g. being scrutineer, drawing special dividend policy, proceeding capital reduction, etc).
- Handling secretarial works for more than 100 companies in various jurisdictions.
- Handling companies’ secretarial affairs (incorporation,  deregistration, prepare annual return, etc).
Others jobs experiences: Internship in Hong Kong Housing Authority, Shipping Clerk at Best Creation Shipping Clerk at Trumps Trading Limited Company.· Assisted corporate secretarial clients in meeting deadlines for various types of filing with Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).
· PrepareD Directors’/Shareholders’ Resolutions for on-going corporate secretarial matters for clients.
· Ensured statutory and compliance issues are met, attend and take Minutes of Board of Directors’ Meetings.
· Maintained Corporate Secretarial Registers and Minute Books.
· Attended to auditors in the annual statutory audit on the Company statutory records.
· Assisted corporate secretarial clients to legalize documents with various embassies in Singapore.
 Assisted manager in providing full range of company secretarial services and other related administrative duties to a portfolio of offshore and Singapore client companies.
 Ensured client companies maintain proper statutory records and are in compliance with the legislation in relevant jurisdictions.
 Liaised with international clientele relating to company formation (both Singapore and offshore) and on-going administration to meet clientele’s business requirements.
 Prepared necessary forms and document for the incorporation of companies, administration and compliance related matters. -.
 Maintaining and updating of statutory records and filing with relevant authorities (ACRA, Registered Agents and Registry of various offshore jurisdictions).
 Liaised with Bankers on the establishment and maintenance of bank accounts for client companies.
 Assisted in reviewing portfolio of clients and performing credit control activities.
 Attended to customers’ enquiries and provided follow-up through telephone, email and facsimile.
 Handled customer requests on behalf of clients (i.e American Express, HSBC, DBS Asia Treasures etc), via phone & email.
 Provide researches and fulfilled requests from customers globally in areas including emergency roadside assistance, home assistance, dining, entertainment, travel, sports & recreation including golf, shopping, and unusual requests.
 Interacted with customers to provide information in response to inquiries and to handled and resolved complaints.
 Conducted outbound calls to customers introducing Concierge service and other benefits.
 Provided accurate and timely information regarding requests.
 Provided services as per contractual scope of services and was able to say "no" positively.
 Applied high quality customer service guidelines when fulfilling customer requests.
 Leveraged current partners and utilizes Internet and other resources to fulfill requests.
 Communicated responses in a clear, professional, timely and concise manner.
 Represented clients in a professional, courteous manner.
 Shared feedback about destination and service trends with team.
 Worked with team and resources to provide customer with requested service.
 Attended meetings and trainings as required to obtain new and pertinent information about clients and how to assist customers.
 Used web-based and/or computer-based programs to assist customers, enter pertinent customer data, and process required information.
 Attended pre-flight briefings concerning weather, altitudes, routes, emergency procedures, crew coordination, flight duration, and food and beverage services procedures.
 Conducted checks to ensure that safety demonstration kit and medical/emergency equipments are of correct quantities and in working order.
 Ensured food and beverages, menus (for incoming/outgoing flights), reading materials and other items are onboard and are in adequate supply.
 Assisted passengers during boarding and disembarkation as well as stowage of carry-on luggage.
 Determined special assistance needs of passengers such as parent with infants, the elderly or disabled persons.
 Provided personalised service to Business Class passengers, SIA Life/Solitaire/Qualified Premium Passengers and VIPs.
 Conducted drink/ meal service according to guidelines and instructions from complex leaders.
 Attended to passenger complaints and feedbacks, provided service recovery to unhappy passengers.
 Ensured the cleanliness and tidiness of the cabin at all times throughout the flight.
 Handled all check in and ground traffic operations, and coordinate/ liaise with ground & traffic staff.
 Attended and followed up with relevant department on passenger request and queries/feedback.
 Attended to passenger queries on check in and all other ground handling matters.
 Entertained and mingled with passengers, served welcome drinks to passenger during allocated timings.
 Ensured lounge facilities are in good working order; liaised with relevant department to report fault of any facilities.
 Maintained and coordinated all aspect of lounge; conducted frequent checks on cleanliness of buffet table, business centres, passengers’ sleeping area, smoking area etc.
 Assisted passengers on facilities provided in business centre; ie. Arranging of rooms for meetings, arranging for international calls,  faxing, photocopying of documents etc.
 Liaised with in-house service providers on request for matters relating to special services i.e. wheelchair / buggy services; Monitored and Ensured follow up of cases.
 Monitored gate changes, passenger boarding and any aspect of flight situation involving lounge passengers.
 Ensured smooth handling of VIP Passengers arrival and boarding.- Competent with Microsoft Office Word, Microsoft Office Excel and Microsoft Office Powerpoint.
- Conversant with Internet and Web resources for Information research.
Liaising and advising client on company formation and statutory and compliance requirements.
Preparing relevant documents for formation of companies and liaising with 3rd party service providers.
Updating and maintaining the minute book and statutory registers.
Preparing & filing of e-forms with ACRA and e-stamping of share transfer forms.
Liaising with auditors, Commissioner for Oaths / Notary Public and relevant government authorities on behalf of clients for corporate secretarial matters.
Preparing standard board resolutions and minutes of general meetings on an annual basis.
Assisting client with activation of customs account and application of import licence.
Preparing ad hoc board resolutions and assisting in various special projects as and when required.
Updating and maintaining the minute book and statutory registers.
Preparing, attending and drafting of minutes for the Board, Board Committee and Shareholders’ Meetings for public listed companies.
Assist in reviewing the corporate governance report and annual reports of public listed companies.
Drafting and releasing of announcements for public listed companies via SGXNet to SGX.
Preparing & filing of e-forms with ACRA and e-stamping of share transfer forms.
Liaising with auditors, Commissioner for Oaths / Notary Public and relevant government authorities on behalf of clients for corporate secretarial matters.
Preparing standard board resolutions and minutes of general meetings on an annual basis.
Preparing ad hoc board resolutions and assisting in various special projects as and when required.
Updating and maintaining the minute book and statutory registers.
Preparing, attending and drafting of minutes for the Board, Board Committee and Shareholders’ Meetings for public listed companies.
Assist in reviewing the corporate governance report and annual reports of listed companies.
Release of announcements for public listed companies via SGXNet to SGX.
Preparing & filing of e-forms with ACRA and e-stamping of share transfer forms.
Communicate with auditors, Commissioner for Oaths / Notary Public and relevant government authorities on behalf of corporate secretarial clients on ad hoc matters.
Preparing standard board resolutions and minutes of general meetings on an annual basis.
Preparing ad hoc board resolutions and assisting in various special projects as and when required.
- Working for Company's client -Alpha Investment Partners Limited as Secretariat Administrator.
- Assist in preparing Minutes/Resolutions e.g. opening of bank accounts, appointment/resignation of company officers.
- Maintaining and updating of companiesstatutory records.
- Liaise with external corporate secretarial agents relating to incorporation matters, board resolutions, AGM, appointment of directors, annual and ad-hoc filings,etc.
Managing Companys Contracts filing database and Non-disclosure Agreements database.
Assist Legal Counsel in vetting of agreements and documents.
Other administrative duties as delegated, e.g. preparing expenses claims, invoice payments and filing.
- Seek for better career advancement opportunities and exposure.
Assist in drafting Minutes/Resolutions for in-house companies, e.g. opening of bank accounts, accepting banking facilities and transfer of shares.
Prepare forms for Annual Return and Renewal of Business Registration of Hong Kong Companies.
Assist in filing of online forms for changes in Singapore companies and filing of Annual Return of Singapore Companies.
Other administrative duties as delegated, e.g. typing memos, prepare letters and filing.
·Handle secretarial duties and administrative duties to the Manager.
·Handles partial accounting duties, issuing invoices, coordinating purchase orders.
·Coordinate the administrative aspects of the trading activities in the firm.
·Other administrative duties as delegated, e.g. typing memos, prepare letters and filing, screening calls and answering customers’ enquiries through email and calls.2012 - Nov 2015  Commerce Degree, University in Canberra, Kowloon Tong.
October 2001-    Higher Diploma in Corporate Management, Caritas Francis.
June 2005        Hsu College, ID Oxford Road, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong.
July 2001-       Certificate in Trade Operations, Caritas Institute for Further.
Chinachem Exchange Square 338 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong.
Fluent in Cantonese, Putonghua and English (written and Oral).
Experienced in using computers, including the following software: Word, Excel,.
Volunteer, July 2003, Duke of Windsor Social Service BLDG. 15 Hennessy Road,.
Social Service, July 2001, Joining the Fire Ambassador Scheme.
Received the award in academic improvement from September 1996 – June 1997.Address: 2/F., No. 74A San Lung Wai, Wang Toi Shan, Pat Heung, Yuen Long, New Territories.
Telephone: 852 61228199        Email:erikatsang12@yahoo.com.hk.
2011-2014  The Open University of Hong Kong, BBA in Corporate Administration.
7/2015-6/2017  Full Time Waitress for Beijing Dumpling Restaurant (London).
1/2014-6/2015  Company Secretarial Clerk for Sino Administration Services Limited.
Supported the company secretarial team in delivering company secretarial services to private companies in Hong Kong or overseas.
Organized directors meetings, shareholders meetings and other statutory meetings.
Assisted in the preparation of company formations (Hong Kong and offshore companies), registration and preparing ancillary documents.
8/2011-8/2013     Company Secretarial Clerk for Lai Sun Development Company Limited.
To perform company secretarial duties or any other duties for the Company.
Subsidiaries or associated companies as assigned by superiors from time to time.
7/2011           Hong Kong Government 1823 Hotline Customer Service Assistant.
5/2010-6/2010     Administration Assistant for the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
2009- 2010        Part time Betting Services Assistant for Jockey Club.
Assist customers in placing bets including selling tickets and paying dividends.
Handle customer enquiries, assist customers in placing bets through various betting facilities.
Participate in betting products and services promotion activities.
2012      Shanghai Conservatory of Music, Passed the Zheng Grade 5 Examination.
2011       International English Language Testing System Level 5.
2010- 2011 Administration Assistant for The Hong Kong Federation of Trade Union.
2010       Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education, Student Work Experience.
2010       Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries, Annual Corporate & Regulatory Update 2010 helper.
Language: Fluent in Cantonese: Good in written and spoken English and Mandarin.Address: Flat1913, 19/F, Wang Ngai House, Cheung Wang Estate, Tsing Yi, New Territories, Hong Kong.
The Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE) 2010 – 2012.
Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination (HKCEE) 2005 – 2010.
General Manager Office – Administrative Officer                         July 2016 – March 2017.
Providing corporate administration support, including bank documentation.
Providing secretarial support, especially in reception of guests.
Handling the exchanging of Relationship Management Application(RMA) via SWIFT.
Conducting research and analyzing different business fields.
Explaining and handling the doubts about the products concerned by the customers.
Providing comfortable and satisfiable services to the customers.
Pearl-River delta trip (Hong Kong New Generation Culture Association).
Learning the developing situation of some industries around the delta.
Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (HKICS).
Language: English (Fluent). Cantonese (Native). Mandarin (Fluent).
Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination (IIQE) Paper 1,3 Pass.Student of the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (Nov 2015 – Present).
Jun 2016 – Jun 2017  Company Secretary Assistant – CityLinkers Corporate Solutions Limited.
Carry out all aspect of company secretarial duties including but not limited to preparing and maintaining proper statutory records for private companies in Hong Kong, British Virgin Islands (BVI) and other overseas companies.
Liaise, negotiate and coordinate with business parties involved.
Jul 2015 – May 2016  Corporate Secretarial Clerk – Conpak Management Consultants Limited.
Perform office administrative work and assist in the daily operation for Corporate Secretarial Department.
Carry out all aspect of company secretarial duties including but not limited to preparing and maintaining proper statutory records for private companies in Hong Kong, British Virgin Islands (BVI).
Liaise, negotiate and coordinate with business parties involved.
Technical Skills: Proficient in Microsoft office (Word, Excel, Access Outlook Express and PowerPoint), Prezi, PhotoScape.
Language skills:  Chinese (fluent), English (fair) and Putonghua (fair).
Master  of  Corporate  Governance  Programme  (Part-time Face-to-Face Mode) – The Open University of Hong Kong (2015 – Present).
Bachelor of Commerce (Hons) in Accounting and Banking with Third Class Honours – Chu Hai College of Higher Education (2012 – 2015).
Higher Diploma Programme in Business and Corporate Administration (3 Year) – School of Continuing & Professional Studies The Chinese University of Hong Kong (2009 – 2012).
Secondary Form 1 to Form 5 – Heung To Middle School (2004 - 2009).
Listening (5.5), Reading (5.5), Writing (5.5), Speaking (6.0), Overall Band Score (5.5).Handle full spectrum of company secretarial services to Hong Kong and offshore companies;.
Prepare board meeting materials, minutes and resolutions;.
Liaise with internal and external parties for company formation, maintain and handle full sets of company statutory records for Hong Kong and offshore companies;.
Prepare and arrange statutory fillings for both Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Responsible for a wide range of company secretarial duties for clients, including preparing minutes and resolutions, handling corporate documentation and liaising with clients, other professional advisors and various government authorities.
Sep 2011 – Oct 2012   Company Secretarial Assistant                                       at Prominent Services Limited.
Assist the managing director in handling a full spectrum of company secretarial assignments for non listed clients, such as setting up, maintenance and dissolution of local and overseas companies and advising clients on various corporate governance and company secretarial issues, etc.
Jul 2007 – Jul 2011            Company Secretarial Junior Assistant              at Pro Corporate Services Limited.
Perform general company secretarial duties such as preparing documents for incorporation of Hong Kong private companies and BVI companies, transfer of shares and etc.
Aug 2006 – Apr 2007   Company Secretarial Assistant      at Fung, Yu & Co.
Oct 2004 – May 2005   Part-time Account Trainee       at All Sincerity Taxation & Consultancy Co. Ltd.
Aug 2004 – Sep 2004   Temporary Helper    at MTR Corporation (Marketing Department).
Professional Certificate in Playgroup Teacher Training   at Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (Shatin).
The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries Examinations Preparatory Programme – Hong Kong Corporate Law.
at The University of Hong Kong (School of Professional and Continuing Education).
at The University of Hong Kong (School of Professional and Continuing.
Advanced Diploma in Corporate and Administration and Governance   at The University of Hong Kong (School of Professional and Continuing.
Bachelor of Business (Human Resource Management)   at University of South Australia.
Higher diploma in Accountancy and Information Systems   at Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (Kwai Chung).
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Chinese typing 20/wpm,.
HKIAAT Professional Bridging Examinations Preparatory Paper IV.
at The University of Hong Kong (School of Professional and Continuing Education).A communications major student who is very sociable and approachable on meeting people with excellent communication silks. Able to work under pressure and multitask in order to maintain a career in accounting service and public relation. A responsible and enthusiastic team member who is able to work coordinately to her assigned role.
I was helping my friend’s business in order to learn how to analyze and write financial articles during the period of February to April and currently seeking for job opportunities.
Essensuals (Central) Limited / Patrick Gee and Associates Limited         22nd September 2014 – 16th November,2015.
Providing general secretarial, managerial and administration support to director.
Helping to write business proposals for director to potential business partners.
Producing board meetings or any business meetings papers, agenda and facilities for meetings.
Involving in recruitment, budgets and accounts, managing junior staff & HR issue.
Marketing support for director’s companies to provide sales strategies.
Maintaining and enhancing the working environment for both companies.
Managing and analyzing all retails product which would make profit.
University of California, Davis (UC Davis)      September 2012 – March 2014.
-Fluent in written and spoken English, Cantonese and Mandarin.• Certified with "WSQ Offer Customised and Personalised Service" issued from NTUC LearningHub Pte. Ltd. accordance with the Singapore Workforce Skills Qualifications System in year 2012.
• Cleared “Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Licensing of Corporate Agents) Regulation, 2002” issued from IRDA (India) in year 2009.
• Cleared “AMFI – Mutual Fund (Advisors) Module” from NSE’s Certification in Financial Markets (NCFM), India in year 2009 scoring 67.25%.
• Cleared “NSDL - Depository Operations Module” from NSE’s Certification in Financial Markets (NCFM), India in year 2008 scoring 72.5%.
• Cleared “Capital Market (Dealers) Module” from NSE’s Certification in Financial Markets (NCFM), India in year 2007 scoring 52%.
• Awarded “DOEACC ‘A’ Level” after successful completion of all consisting modules (PC Software, ‘C’ language, Introduction to OOPS and C++, Computer organization, SAD, Data structure, DBMS, Basics of OS, UNIX and SHELL programming, Data communication and computer networks and Business systems).
• Passed “Computerized Financial Accounting (Tally 7.2 & 6.3)” from Academy of Commerce & Management Education, India.
• Passed “Diploma in Information and Systems Management (DISM)” course from APTECH Computer Education, India.
Corporate Secretarial Executive at DrewCorp Services Pte Ltd.
• Responsible for a portfolio of clientele which includes private and public limited companies, foreign companies and representative offices.
• Draft directors’ and shareholders’ resolutions based on client’s instructions.
• Prepare Notices, Agendas & taking Minutes of General, Board and Committee Meetings.
• Prepare and release announcements via SGXNet to the stock exchange.
• Arrange for notarization and legalization of documents with various Embassies.
• Advice and liaise with management, auditors and share registrars.
• Managed a portfolio of clientele which includes private and public listed companies.
• Advised corporate secretarial clients on compliance matters and due dates.
• Released announcements via SGXNet to the Singapore stock exchange.
• Sent timely reminders regarding due dates for holding AGM and annual return submission to ACRA.
• Updated and maintained corporate secretarial registers and minute books.
• Maintained the daily transactions data in the MS excel sheets.
• Prepared daily / weekly reports for different departments as per their standard formats.
• Answered to the daily query / complaint mails by customers.
• Mailed the head office and other area offices for co-ordination in the processes.
• Updated the report formats as per the instructions from the higher management.
• Provided comprehensive secretarial and clerical support to center staff and management.
• Researched, identified and successfully sold insurance policies to potential targeted clients through bank provided leads, referrals, and through extensive cold calling.
• Worked with new business, entering new applications, reviewing paperwork for accuracy, applying premiums and policy issue.
• Proficient in all bank products, such as savings account, current account and mutual funds.
• Branch operations including daily deposits, financial transactions, and opening and closing accounts.
Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).
Corporate Administration, Corporate Law, Legal compliance, MS Office.Flat E, 51/F, Tower 6, Central Park, 18 Hoi Ting Road, West Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Proactive personal assistant that has been described by former employers as their right hand.
Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills, high level of confidentiality, and fashionable, polished and representative quality style.
Exceptional attention to details, reliable, organized, resourceful and highly motivated candidate with critical thinking.
Ability to supervise and delegate. Strong work ethic and positive attitude.
Hardworking and energetic; flexible; adapt easily to changes of environment and work schedule.
Willing to learn and grow; passionate about achieving a challenging position that allows meaningful contributions towards a successful career.
Skilled assistant with 3+years of experience coordinating office management and special projects appoint by the management with a high degree of efficiency.
Equally effective at providing admin & HR management and advanced word processing support.
University of Southern California (USC) – Los Angeles, California.
Bachelor Degree in Science, Majoring in Health Promotion and Disease Prevention               Graduated 2011.
Ta Yang Group Holdings Limited (HK)- Personal Assistant to Chairman.
Provided top level and comprehensive secretarial support to the Chairman, including preparation of reports and presentations.
Lever incoming and outgoing correspondence, including post, email. Screened all incoming calls, gauged their importance and whenever appropriate, dealt with enquiries and direct them as appropriate.
Handled confidential information, maintained filing system and ensured security of records, correspondence and documents.
Organised annual shareholder meetings, including venue selection, guest invitation, event rundown, catering arrangement, marketing and promotion etc.
Coordinated and set up conference calls, board and management  meetings for senior and top executives. Assisted in writing correspondence, taking board minutes and other documents related.
Serves as point person for managers, clients, and vendors to ensure proper lines of communication.
Planned and supervised all personal travel arrangements including: Air travel, ground transportation and accommodations.
United Events Limited (HK)- Personal Assistant to General Manager                  Jun 2015 – May 2016.
Responsible for daily communications and appointments for the general manager.
Serving as administrative liaison for all positions reporting to the general manager. Providing administrative supports, HR & Administrative managements.
Assisting the general manger in planning and implementing outdoor public amusement events/projects, making decisions and delegating work to others in the manager's absence.
Organise personal and professional calendars and supplied reminders of upcoming meetings and events.
Sir Hudson International (HK)-Corporate Social Responsibility Officer      Nov 2013 – May 2015   Coordinate and build relationships with the Partner Organization to launch Social Campaign.
Conduct research, come up with ideas, develop policies, create detailed plans to design a best fit CSR projects for the company.
Act as project manager on select CSR projects designed to enhance the CSR brand position and leverage operational competencies.
Implement and coordinate a range of activities and initiatives, which are designed to have a positive impact on the environment and local communities.
Serve as the internal expert and external representative on CSR issues, leveraging regional leaders as appropriate to optimize community presence and increase engagement with colleagues and the community.
St. Francis Medical Center (Los Angeles)- Clinical Care Extender Internship   2010 – 2011   Gives focuses experiences in pre-health professionals unprecedented access to direct patient care.
Receive training to participate in basic patient care tasks such as changing bed sheets, feeding the patients, measuring patient’s blood pressure, etc. as rotate among different departments within the hospital.
Obtain the opportunity to observe surgeries performed in operating rooms, witness babies being born in Labor & Delivery department and to serve in areas such as the Emergency Department.
Perform with a positive attitude; interface effectively with patients, families, and nursing staff.
Mentoring with health care professionals throughout the hospital.
Computer Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).Postal Address: Blk 225A Compassvale Walk #12-241 Singapore 541225.
Started as Corporate Secretarial Executive and promoted to Senior Executive in approximately 2 years.
Tricor Corporate Services Sdn Bhd (Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia).
Completed a 3 month internship during which I was involved in general management and administration as well as assisting the company secretarial department.
- Advanced Diploma in Commerce-Business Management (Merit) 2009.
Assistant Manager, Corporate Secretarial Services at City Developments Limited.Seeking a senior position in the company secretary industry by enhancing and utilizing my knowledge in a dynamic workplace.
Use of Microsoft Word, Power point, Excel, English and Chinese word processing.
Intertrust Hong Kong Limited - Company Secretarial Assistant,.
Supporting the company secretarial team to handle a wide  range of company secretarial administration professionally including:.
attending client meeting and preparation of minutes, resolutions, annual return, annual general meeting, etc.
updating and maintaining statutory filings and corporate records.
Providing advisory service to clients on company secretarial matters.
Handling non-statutory matters such as due diligence on clients and opening of bank accounts, etc.
Liaising with clients, bankers, agent, lawyers and government.
Be pro-active when dealing with existing clients and try to understand their needs in order to obtaining more business opportunities.
Improved supervising, communication, interpersonal and customer.
Be good team player and able to co-operate with other teammates.
eeVoices Limited - School Placement of Client Relations Officer.
Employment verification checking – contacting and communicating with Human Resources Departments from different firms  Assisting in handling ad-hoc projects.
Developed and strengthened good relationships with others.
TMF Group Limited - An Intern of Corporate Management Services Department.
Supporting a team of company secretarial professionals in providing a full range of company secretarial services to clients.
Updating and maintaining a systematic filing system for legal documents and statutory records.
Maintaining statutory documents, correspondences, contracts, agreements and legal records.
Enhanced communication skills and problem solving techniques.
Language Tree International Education Limited - A Part-time Teaching Assistant.
Census and Statistics Department, HKSAR - 2011 Population Census Enumerator.
Doing interviews with targeted citizens and following up paper work.
Organizing Committee of ‘Dream Stage 2012’ from Friends of Hong.
Student Ambassadors Program for the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered.
Hong Kong Shue Yan University Business and Investment Society member.
Secretary & Treasurer of Academic Week for Hong Kong Shue Yan.
Student Member of Hong Kong Institution of Chartered Secretary.
Certificate of Honour Roll of Fall 2012 Semester for distinguished academic performance.
Certificate of Honour Roll of Spring 2012 Semester for distinguished academic performance.
Certificate of Honour Roll of Spring 2011 Semester for distinguished academic performance.
Merit of China Mobile Hong Kong Business Administration Paper 2010.
Certificate of Honour Roll of Fall 2009 Semester for distinguished academic performance.
LCCI Level 3 Certificate in Accounting (Pass with Distinction).
Merit of Clipit Competition 2008 for Senior Secondary Section.
Outstanding Performance in Debating Competition between Hong Kong and Shanghai Schools.
Debating Coach for Southern Districts Joint Schools’ Junior Debating Seminar.
The First Real-time Speech of Hong Kong Students, Advanced-Level.
Leadership Training Camp 2007 organized by the Hong Kong Federation.
Merit of English Upper Secondary Group for ‘Composition Contest for the Youth 2007’.
LCCI Level 1 Certificate in Book-keeping (Passed with Distinction).Address: House 6, 12th Street, River North, Fairview Park, Yuen Long, N.T.
European Law, Property Law, Law of Tort, Cybercrime, Public Law, European Convention on Human Rights, Legal Skills (mooting).
Contract Law, Criminal Law, Public Law, EU Law, Property Law.
Medical Law, Evidence Law, Family Law, Company Law, Child Law, Intellectual Property Law.
Certificate obtained: Second Class Honor, Upper Division (2.1).
Excellent researching skills by practices to extract relevant legal sources from complex database (Westlaw, LexisNexis).
Ability to identify, analyze and solve complex legal problems.
HKDSE, Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (July, 2013):.
Deloitte UK/ Bank of America, Paralegal (28th Feb 2017- Present).
Negotiating CSA agreements with the Deloitte team for Bank of America to comply with OTC Directive.
Negotiating and explaining different terms in the CSA agreement with clients by phone calls and emails.
Amending CSA agreements by gaining approvals using different online platform and system.
Communicating internally with Allen & Overy, legal team of Bank of America, collateral team of Bank of America and sales of Bank of America by emails and daily call conferences.
Analyzing terms in CSA agreements by reading a “playbook” examples include “Notification time”, “Valuation Date” for the trade transaction between Bank of America and their clients (many other banks).
Hampton, Winter And Glynn, Legal Secretary/ Paralegal (Aug 2016-Oct 2016).
Assisting associate lawyer in matrimonial cases and personal matters.
Communicating with clients by emails, phone calls and letters.
Administrative work including filing correspondence and pleadings bundles, filling in timesheets and billing to clients and counsel.
Drafting legal documents and letters to Family Court and High Court.
Liberty Chambers Hong Kong, Mini-pupillage (Aug 2015- Sep 2015).
Assisting Senior Counsel Kevin Hon in legal documents and research.
Attending criminal hearings in relation to rape, assault, theft and careless driving cases.
Studying civil cases relating to defrauding creditors, companies winding up and contracts.
Assisting a civil case relating to defrauding creditors at the High Court.
J. Chan, Yip So & Partners Solicitor & Notaries Hong Kong, Internship (Jul 2015- Aug 2015).
Presenting reports on the land case relating to illegal structures in a housing estate.
Studying cases and documents relating to land, real estate transactions, wills and divorce.
Treasure Hunt Education Centre, Part-Time English Tutor (November 2016- present).
Point out any mistakes in students’ homework and learning exercises.
Teach students the correct way to answer questions and how to memorize vocabularies.
Learn to be patient and caring to children (mostly primary school students, some secondary school students).
Hollister Co UK, Part-time Impact  (October 2014 – June 2016).
Strengthened communication skills by solving customers’ enquiries.
Managed the demands of part time work alongside full-time study.
RHS Wisley Garden UK, Part-time Cashier (March 2015- June 2015).
Participated at the Hong Kong Jewellery & Gem Fair 2014 as a Cashier.
Participated at the Watches and Wonder Exhibition (Cartier) as a hostess.
-      Job duties include greeting guests and helping with their enquiries.
Teaching them to read music notes and to gradually play songs in different levels.
Abercrombie & Fitch, Part-time Cashier and Model, Pedder Street HK (May 2013- Sep 2013).
Strengthened multi-tasking skills due to a high demand of work.
The Principal’s Merit list for coming third in class in the First and Second Term Examination (July 2008).
Tsui Sai Cheong Special Prize for Mathematics Scholarship (2007-2008).
Merit for being a helpful and responsible Boarder Prefect (June 2010).
Merit for active participation in English lessons (Dec 2010).
Merit for good performance in the Inter-House Book Promotion Competition (June 2011).
Merit for outstanding performance in Geography (March 2012).
Merit for good learning attitude in Liberal Studies (June 2012).
Inter-House Athletics Competition Champion in 4x100 Relay (2009-2010).
Inter-House Competition Second in 4x100 Relay (2011-2012).
Third in school singing contest (Piano accompaniment)(2012).
Third in school singing contest (Piano accompaniment) (2013).
Participated in School Concert (High School Musical) (2013).
Trinity College London Level 4 Diploma in Music Performance Associate of Trinity College London ATCL Recital 2013 (90 credits).
Certificate of Appreciation of volunteering in Tai O Stilt house Restoration & Community Development Project (Phase 3) (2010).
Certificate of Appreciation of participating in the volunteer service programmed ‘Care for the Mentally Handicapped People’ (May and July 2011).a) Incorporation of companies for new clients and currently holding a portfolio of 250 clients.
b) Attending to meetings with new clients for signing of incorporation documents and attending to their enquiries on incorporating a company in Singapore.
c) Introducing clients to partners such as bank officers, accountants, auditors and lawyers and working with the partners to assist clients to meet their needs in operating their business in Singapore.
d) Ensuring that the new clients comply with company's compliance requirements and due diligence.
e) Maintaining secretarial records and complying with Companies Act and Memorandum & Articles of Association.
f) Corresponding with clients through emails and telephone conferences and providing clients with advice on their corporate secretarial queries.
g) Oversee an assistant with the preparation of statutory documentation required.
a) Maintaining secretarial records of approximately 70 companies (Listed/ Private/ Societies) in accordance to the Companies Act and Company's Memorandum & Articles of Associate.
b) Review of client's situation and providing advice in the corporate secretarial aspect.
c) Drafting of Directors' Resolutions in Writing and General Meeting documentation required.
d) Assistance in client's application for Permanent Residence and work passes.
c) Preparation of meeting documents such as board papers and attendance list.
c) Arranging for legal documents to be notarised by embassies.
1. English Language Drama and Debating Society Vice President.
Corporate Secretarial Executive at Hawksford Singapore Pte Ltd.
a) Incorporation of companies for new clients and currently holding a portfolio of 250 clients.
b) Attending to meetings with new clients for signing of incorporation documents and attending to their enquiries on incorporating a company in Singapore.
c) Introducing clients to partners such as bank officers, accountants, auditors and lawyers and working with the partners to assist clients to meet their needs in operating their business in Singapore.
d) Ensuring that the new clients comply with company's compliance requirements and due diligence.
e) Maintaining secretarial records and complying with Companies Act and Memorandum & Articles of Association.
f) Corresponding with clients through emails and telephone conferences and providing clients with advice on their corporate secretarial queries.
g) Oversee an assistant with the preparation of statutory documentation required.
a) Maintaining secretarial records of approximately 70 companies (Listed/ Private/ Societies) in accordance to the Companies Act and Company's Memorandum & Articles of Associate.
b) Review of client's situation and providing advice in the corporate secretarial aspect.
c) Drafting of Directors' Resolutions in Writing and General Meeting documentation required.
d) Assistance in client's application for Permanent Residence and work passes.
e) Preparation of meeting documents such as board papers and attendance list.
c) Arranging for legal documents to be notarised by embassies.APPLICATION FOR THE POSITION OF VP, CORPORATE SECRETARIATIAL.
I refer to my above application and am grateful for this opportunity to introduce myself.
I am a Chartered Company Secretary and an Associate of the Singapore Association of the Institute of the Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (“SAICSA”) since 2009. Currently, I have more than 12 years of experience in the corporate secretarial line.  Some of the essential skills that I have learnt and picked up over the years include how to lead a team, an eye for detail, team-work, time management, how to be organised and the ability to work individually were instilled in me and are transferrable skills that I can contribute to United Overseas Bank Limited if I were selected.
Duties that I am responsible for in my current job include but are not limited to the drafting and vetting of resolutions and correspondence, managing the corporate secretarial team, setting and maintaining the governance framework for clients (when requested), develop and maintain best practices, liaising with external professionals, filing of documents electronically with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, maintaining and updating of statutory records and ensuring that assistants’ work under my care are of an acceptable standard and motivating them etc. In my last role as the company secretary of Koh Brothers Eco Engineering Limited (a listed company in Singapore) from April 2013 to August 2016, my duties also include providing corporate advisory support to the Board of Directors, assisting in the production of annual reports and organising board and board committee meetings.
Having had years of practical experience in the corporate secretarial field, I have grown from strength from strength and I have a mature attitude. My mature attitude will allow me to find solutions when there are challenges faced in a fast-paced corporate environment. As a result, I strive to do my best in whatever I am doing and try to do more of what is expected of me, whenever possible. This would mean that I am always on the ball and able to respond to changes optimally.
I hold a Master of Science degree in Finance, Accounting and Management from the University of Bradford,.
United Kingdom where I have lived for 2 years from 2009 to 2011. Having a Masters Degree majoring in Finance, this has helped me to appreciate the finance aspects of my duties as a Company Secretary much better which is vital for the banking industry.
Thank you for taking the time to look at my resume and I can be contacted at ng.therese@gmail.com or at my mobile: +65 9635 4231.
Singapore Address:  Blk 471B Fernvale Street, #17-105, Singapore 792471.
University of Bradford, School of Management (Bradford, UK)      2009 - 2010.
Modules include: Strategic Financial Management, Strategic Accounting, Accounting and Finance, Business.
Economics, International Finance, Financial Statement Analysis and Evaluation and Strategic Management.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, UK       Obtained in 2009 Chartered Company Secretary (ACIS).
Modules Include: Corporate Governance (Distinction), Corporate Law (Merit), Corporate Financial Management and Financial Accounting and Corporate Secretaryship.
Modules Include:   Business Finance, Macroeconomics, Microeconomics, Business Accounting, Company Law, Company & Partnership Accounting, Contract Law, Law of Tort and Company Secretarial Practice.
Fiduciary Asia group of companies (A Professional Services Group).
Managed my corporate secretarial team to deliver quality services to clients.
Familiarised with the recent changes in the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore.
Suggested and implemented better compliance and standard operating procedures.
Exposure and connected with colleagues from other departments.
Koh Brothers Eco Engineering Limited / Koh Brothers Group Limited (Listed Companies in Singapore).
(Dual positions held in Koh Brothers group of companies)                                     September 2012 – 24 August 2016.
Managed my corporate secretarial department well to achieve targeted KPIs.
Co-ordinated with banks for banking services / banking compliance requirements / KYC /AML regulations.
Co-ordinated with professionals such as investment bankers, auditors and lawyers.
Developed and maintained governance and “limits of authority’ framework.
Familiarised with the SGX requirements and Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore.
Organised board and board committee meetings and in charge of taking the minutes of meetings   Gave corporate and compliance advice to the board of directors.
Familiarised with the Corporate Regulatory framework for companies in Singapore.
Suggested and implemented better compliance and standard operating procedures.
Drafted legal documentation, inter alia, contracts and correspondence.
Responsible for reviewing the work done by the junior corporate secretarial assistant.
Exposure and connected with colleagues of all levels, from the CEO to the receptionist.
Trusted Board Limited (Temasek Linked company)                         July 2011 – August 2012   Assistant Manager, Corporate.
(Left for an opportunity to be the company secretary of a public listed company).
Familiarised with the SGX requirements and the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore.
Familiarised with the Corporate Regulatory framework for private companies in Singapore.
Suggested and implemented better compliance and standard operating procedures.
Boardroom Limited (Singapore Mainboard Listed Company)            March 2008 to August 2009.
Position: Senior, Corporate Secretarial Services (Seconded to subsidiary).
Reported to the Team Company Secretary/ Responsible for Team Assistant (Left for further studies in UK).
Studied financial and accounting requirements for listed companies and observed their operations.
Familiarised with the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore.
Familiarised with the listing and continuing regulatory requirements of public companies.   Facilitated corporate announcements to the Singapore Stock Exchange for listed clients.
Maintained a portfolio of listed and private companies’ statutory and compliance records.    Reviewed corporate governance practices and statements for companies.    Co-ordinated with banks for banking services for clients.
mDR Limited (Singapore Main Board Listed Company)                September 2006 to March 2008.
Reported to the Group Legal Counsel/ Responsible for Administrative Assistant.
(Left for a customer-oriented environment where I could meet people from all walks of life).
Familiarised with the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore.
Reviewed legal contracts and business transactions on a daily basis.
Revamped the corporate governance statement in the company’s annual report for compliance requirements.
Aided in the preparation of the company’s Annual Report and furnished corporate details when needed.   Recommended feasible solutions to compliance and corporate issues faced.
Facilitated communication between the legal department and other departments in the company.   Installed a new filing system for all legal and corporate documents in the company.
Improved corporate compliance standards of the companies.
Familiarised with the Corporate Governance and Regulatory frameworks for companies in Singapore.
WTML Management Services Pte Ltd (Subsidiary of Singapore Law Firm)   July 2004 to February 2006.
Attended to clients’ queries and provided feasible solutions to the same.
Gained knowledge about the financial and legal industries.
Interacted with different kinds of people from all walks of life from Chief Executive Officers to Clerks.
Submitted corporate filings of clients’ companies to the regulatory authorities successfully.
Drafted legal and corporate documents for lawyers’ review.
Trained to be effective and efficient (For e.g: to be meticulous about my work within a given deadline).
Gained knowledge about banks’ credit control practices for individuals.
Expanded knowledge about the property market and the conveyancing process.Address: Room715，Block A, Harbor front Horizon All-Suite Hotel.
2014.9-2015.7   Master of Arts in Comparative and Public History.
2010.9-2014.7   Bachelor of Arts in Cultural Heritage and Cultural Management.
Languages: Native Mandarin, Fluent English (CET6, IELTS), Fair Cantonese, Basic German.
Other skills: Proficient in MS, word, power point, excel (pivot table, V-lookup).
2015.7 –Present Asian Investment Finance Group Limited (Personal &Financial Assistant).
Be in charge of all the administration work for the CEO, such as arrange meeting, translate, Take minutes of meeting, Draft documents and so on.
(2) Assist in preparing interim/annual reports, circulars, announcements and handling administrative matters;.
(3) Assist in organizing board/shareholders’ meetings, including preparing meeting materials;.
(4) Analyze stocks and do some industry analysis (Basic research).
(5) Receive the guests and maintain the relationship between the company and guests.
(6) Participate in Chairman’s Mining business, Responsible for all the work flow, Contact partner out of Hong Kong, Prepare project proposal, act as a translator as well.
2015.6 -2015.7 Wenzhou Jin Yang Jewelry Company and Tamara Comolli Jewelry Company (Trainer &Translator).
(1) Mainly acted as translator, besides, assisted the marketing supervisor to train the staff of Jing Yang Jewelry and hold a small event to show the new collection.
(2) Applied a concise words to make the staff and clients understood the beauty of the jewelry on the training and the event.
(3) Since good performance on the training and the event, not only highly appraised by the supervisor from Germany, but also invited me to work for her for two weeks of 2016 Bazaar Exhibition in Paris.
(1) Concentrated on fundamental financial concept and sale skill.
(2) Arranged teammates to participate in survey of banks and private& public hospitals in Hong Kong and coordinated the presentation, meanwhile, put insurance selling into practice.
(3) Won runners-up., learned leadership, teamwork, problem handling and selling skill..
2013.7-2013.8 Secretary of Shenzhen Jian Men Commercial Co,. Ltd (Secretary).
(2) Responsible for updating files and records, accompanying manager on commercial activities.
2012.6-2012.7 Administration Internship in Hubei Hong Jin Long Human Resource Co,. Ltd (Secretary).
(1)Assisted department manager to handle matters and written work on recruitment and staff mobility.
(2) Grasped of basic administrative work and accepted by manager with my hardworking, responsible, mature, presentable, positive strength.
2011.7    Went to rural China to teach middle school students English, developing my communication skills.
2012.5    Participated in the activity’ Better Life for The Disabled’ in Qin Shan district.
Wuhan, helping the disabled people psychological Counseling.
2014.5    Organized the 2014 graduation party of Central China Normal University.Handle a portfolio of 110 companies (100 of them are Hong Kong companies, 2 of them are in the form of limited by guarantee, 10 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 7 subsidiary companies of the Edmond de Rothschild, a Switzerland private bank;.
In charge of 4 subsidiary companies of TAL Hotels, a reputable hotel located in India;.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents (include but not limited to (i) change of directorship/secretary, (ii) transfer of share, (iii) forfeiture of shares, (iv) adoption of new Articles of Association, (v) appointment of power of attorney; (vi) allotment of shares; (vii) proceeding member’s voluntary liquidation; (viii) incorporation of onshore and offshore companies, and (ix) exemption of business review).
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Review and provide comments on audited financial statements prepared by audit department before releasing the same to our clients;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Review and comment on certificates of incumbency which are prepared by Registered Agent;.
Arrange to pay license fee for BVI companies ensuring they are in good standing;.
Review secretarial works prepared by junior colleagues and department secretary ensuring timely completion and accuracy;.
Review tenancy agreement provided by client and prepare resolutions regarding the renewal of tenancy agreement.
Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial and statutory compliance issues; and   Monitor compliance and KYC with regulatory authorities and internal requirements.
Handle a portfolio of 110 companies (100 of them are Hong Kong companies, 2 of them are in the form of limited by guarantee, 10 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 7 subsidiary companies of the Edmond de Rothschild, a Switzerland private bank;.
In charge of 4 subsidiary companies of TAL Hotels, a reputable hotel located in India;.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents (include but not limited to (i) change of directorship/secretary, (ii) transfer of share, (iii) forfeiture of shares, (iv) adoption of new Articles of Association, (v) appointment of power of attorney; (vi) allotment of shares; (vii) proceeding member’s voluntary liquidation; (viii) incorporation of onshore and offshore companies, and (ix) exemption of business review).
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Review and provide comments on audited financial statements prepared by audit department before releasing the same to our clients;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Review and comment on certificates of incumbency which are prepared by Registered Agent;.
Arrange to pay license fee for BVI companies ensuring they are in good standing;.
Review secretarial works prepared by junior colleagues and department secretary ensuring timely completion and accuracy;.
Review tenancy agreement provided by client and prepare resolutions regarding the renewal of tenancy agreement.
Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial and statutory compliance issues; and   Monitor compliance and KYC with regulatory authorities and internal requirements.
Handle a portfolio of 110 companies (100 of them are Hong Kong companies, 2 of them are in the form of limited by guarantee, 10 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 7 subsidiary companies of the Edmond de Rothschild, a Switzerland private bank;.
In charge of 4 subsidiary companies of TAL Hotels, a reputable hotel located in India;.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents (include but not limited to (i) change of directorship/secretary, (ii) transfer of share, (iii) forfeiture of shares, (iv) adoption of new Articles of Association, (v) appointment of power of attorney; (vi) allotment of shares; (vii) proceeding member’s voluntary liquidation; (viii) incorporation of onshore and offshore companies, and (ix) exemption of business review).
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Review and provide comments on audited financial statements prepared by audit department before releasing the same to our clients;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Review and comment on certificates of incumbency which are prepared by Registered Agent;.
Arrange to pay license fee for BVI companies ensuring they are in good standing;.
Review secretarial works prepared by junior colleagues and department secretary ensuring timely completion and accuracy;.
Review tenancy agreement provided by client and prepare resolutions regarding the renewal of tenancy agreement.
Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial and statutory compliance issues; and   Monitor compliance and KYC with regulatory authorities and internal requirements.
Handle a portfolio of 110 companies (100 of them are Hong Kong companies, 2 of them are in the form of limited by guarantee, 10 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 7 subsidiary companies of the Edmond de Rothschild, a Switzerland private bank;.
In charge of 4 subsidiary companies of TAL Hotels, a reputable hotel located in India;.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents (include but not limited to (i) change of directorship/secretary, (ii) transfer of share, (iii) forfeiture of shares, (iv) adoption of new Articles of Association, (v) appointment of power of attorney; (vi) allotment of shares; (vii) proceeding member’s voluntary liquidation; (viii) incorporation of onshore and offshore companies, and (ix) exemption of business review).
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Review and provide comments on audited financial statements prepared by audit department before releasing the same to our clients;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Review and comment on certificates of incumbency which are prepared by Registered Agent;.
Arrange to pay license fee for BVI companies ensuring they are in good standing;.
Review secretarial works prepared by junior colleagues and department secretary ensuring timely completion and accuracy;.
Review tenancy agreement provided by client and prepare resolutions regarding the renewal of tenancy agreement.
Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial and statutory compliance issues; and   Monitor compliance and KYC with regulatory authorities and internal requirements.
Handle a portfolio of 250 companies with a company secretarial supervisor (220 of them are Hong Kong companies, 30 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 20 subsidiary companies of Hong Kong Sanatorium & Hospital;.
In charge of 18 subsidiary companies of Hydoo International Holding Ltd, a listed company in HKEX (1396.HK);.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents;.
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Incorporate companies of different jurisdiction (including Hong Kong, BVI and Cayman Islands); and  Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial services and statutory compliance.
Handle a portfolio of 250 companies with a company secretarial supervisor (220 of them are Hong Kong companies, 30 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 20 subsidiary companies of Hong Kong Sanatorium & Hospital;.
In charge of 18 subsidiary companies of Hydoo International Holding Ltd, a listed company in HKEX (1396.HK);.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents;.
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Incorporate companies of different jurisdiction (including Hong Kong, BVI and Cayman Islands); and  Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial services and statutory compliance.
Handle a portfolio of 250 companies with a company secretarial supervisor (220 of them are Hong Kong companies, 30 of them are BVI companies);.
In charge of 20 subsidiary companies of Hong Kong Sanatorium & Hospital;.
In charge of 18 subsidiary companies of Hydoo International Holding Ltd, a listed company in HKEX (1396.HK);.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents;.
Maintain statutory record, minutes book, registers and secretarial record of the companies of the portfolio;.
Liaise with banks for account opening process and prepare relevant documents to ensure the companies are in compliance with the banking rules;.
Liaise with Companies Registry, Inland Revenue Department, and Registered Agent for secretarial work;.
Incorporate companies of different jurisdiction (including Hong Kong, BVI and Cayman Islands); and  Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial services and statutory compliance.
Handle onshore and offshore (i.e. BVI, Cayman Islands and Samoa etc.) companies;.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents;.
Liaise with Companies Registry and Inland Revenue Department for secretarial work and tax issues; and   Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial services and statutory compliance.
Handle onshore and offshore (i.e. BVI, Cayman Islands and Samoa etc.) companies;.
Prepare notices, minutes, resolutions and statutory documents;.
Liaise with Companies Registry and Inland Revenue Department for secretarial work and tax issues; and   Handle enquiries from clients on company secretarial services and statutory compliance.
Academic Qualification  (Start with my most recent qualification).
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance.
Bachelor of Social Sciences in Integrated Communication Management (Merit).Eastrend Services Limited                      3rd November 2015 to Now (Salary: 13,100) Job Title: Company Secretary Officer.
Handle full range of company secretarial matters for both Hong Kong and offshore companies including but not limited to the preparation of board or shareholders' minutes for the clients and annual return filing.
Ensure compliance with all relevant statutory and regulatory matters or the clients.
Share transfer and draft shareholder agreement, trust agreement.
Assist in handing ad-hoc projects, case problem analyse and problem solving for clients.
Company policy implementation, assist staff appraisal, staff qualification statistic, payroll    calculation, and leave/holiday calculation.
Coordinate meeting on site, meeting material preparation and  take minutes.
Maintain filing system; issue site memo and monitor subcontractor admin issue.
Provide administrative support to director and the company.
Handle full set of accounts, deal with all the payment and income, book keeping and keep bank record. Submit full set paper account to auditor at the financial year end.
Deal with employee issues, such as recruitment, pay salary, and other document relate to employee.
Prepare project operational reports, such as site work document; submit monthly construction survey to Government.
Renew Business Registration, Labor Insurance, and other business licenses.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration.Provide full range of corporate services to International clients (Tax services, accounting services, corporate services and Trust).
the mother company located in Isle of Man, has branch in Japan, Dubai, Singapore.
full range of documentary preparation to maintain proper statutory record for Hong Kong and Offshore companies.
daily internal administration works (billing, time sheet and liaison with Tax or account team).
liaison with asset management for investment arrangement for the Trusts.
The client are mainly from Europe, Singapore, Japan and Mainland.
preparing and control Hong Kong and Offshore companies renewal.
The client are mainly from Europe, Singapore, Japan and Mainland.
preparing and control Hong Kong and Offshore companies renewal.
Pets Central Limited - Vet and retail (Pet product)  - have 4 stores.
Microsoft Words, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Photoshop, CSA Expert, Peachtree, NAV system.
Excellent in Cantonese, Good Commend in English & Putonghua.Opportunity to meet and learn from new people in the Corporate Secretarial industry.
To occupy a position that will allow me to grow and flourish as a professional and as an individual by sharing and imparting my knowledge with others whilst also learning from others through experience and constant application, thus making me complete in all aspects of my career and life in general.
To occupy a position that will allow me to grow and flourish as a professional and as an individual by sharing and imparting my knowledge with others whilst also learning from others through experience and constant application, thus making me complete in all aspects of my career and life in general.
Degree Holder (Bachelor of Arts Major in Political Science).
Degree Holder (Bachelor of Arts Major in Political Science).
Acted and named as Company Secretary for 50 private companies.
Researched and drafted the contents to be placed on the website of the Company (soon to be live).
Prepared the precedents and templates for use by the Company.
Prepared various memorandums about the types of companies that potential investors could set-up in Singapore.
Prepared the letter of advertisement sent to various businesses, advertising the services of the Company.
Reviewing Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation and Shareholder.
Attending Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting and minuting the proceedings.
Advising on Corporate Governance Practices and Requirements.
Assisting in Procedural aspects of Compliance requirements under Articles of.
Drafted board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Checking, monitoring and proof reading the various work done by colleagues.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act,  and.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and other forms.
Reviewing Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation and Shareholder.
Attending Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting and minuting the proceedings.
Advising on Corporate Governance Practices and Requirements.
Assisting in Procedural aspects of Compliance requirements under Articles of.
Association, Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements.
Preparation and Collation of Meeting Materials for the various Committee.
Draft board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act, Listing.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and other forms.
Acted and named as Company Secretary for 50 private companies.
Researched and drafted the contents to be placed on the website of the Company (soon to be live).
Prepared the precedents and templates for use by the Company.
Prepared various memorandums about the types of companies that potential investors could set-up in Singapore.
Prepared the letter of advertisement sent to various businesses, advertising the services of the Company.
Reviewing Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation and Shareholder.
Attending Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting and minuting the proceedings.
Advising on Corporate Governance Practices and Requirements.
Assisting in Procedural aspects of Compliance requirements under Articles of.
Drafted board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Checking, monitoring and proof reading the various work done by colleagues.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act,  and.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and other forms.
Reviewing Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation and Shareholder.
Attending Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting and minuting the proceedings.
Advising on Corporate Governance Practices and Requirements.
Assisting in Procedural aspects of Compliance requirements under Articles of.
Association, Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements.
Preparation and Collation of Meeting Materials for the various Committee.
Draft board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act, Listing.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and other forms.
Attending Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting and minuting the proceedings.
Advising on Corporate Governance Practices and Requirements.
Assisting in Procedural aspects of Compliance requirements under Articles of.
Association, Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements.
Preparation and Collation of Meeting Materials for the various Committee.
Draft board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act, Listing.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and other forms.
Draft board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Conversion of financial statements into partial XBRL format.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and documents.
Executive Assistant II to the Commissioner of the National Labor Relations Commission (NLRC).
Prepares drafts of decisions, resolutions, orders and memorandums.
Record keeping of the current docket of cases of the commissioner.
Monitoring of the performance of the staff of the commissioner.
Conducts mediation and conciliation to explore possibilities of amicable settlement among litigants.
Evaluates and determine whether or not an appeal has been perfected.
Attending Directors’ and Shareholders’ meeting and minuting the proceedings.
Advising on Corporate Governance Practices and Requirements.
Assisting in Procedural aspects of Compliance requirements under Articles of.
Association, Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements.
Preparation and Collation of Meeting Materials for the various Committee.
Draft board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act, Listing.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and other forms.
Draft board resolutions and other relevant corporate documentations.
Conversion of financial statements into partial XBRL format.
Maintaining and updating the records and statutory records of the Company.
Addressing issues raised by the clients regarding the Companies Act.
Ensure statutory compliance and timely lodgment of returns and documents.
Executive Assistant II to the Commissioner of the National Labor Relations Commission (NLRC).
Prepares drafts of decisions, resolutions, orders and memorandums.
Record keeping of the current docket of cases of the commissioner.
Monitoring of the performance of the staff of the commissioner.
Conducts mediation and conciliation to explore possibilities of amicable settlement among litigants.
Evaluates and determine whether or not an appeal has been perfected.
Fluent in written and conversational English, highly skilled in English technical writing.
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Affinity, CAS and Viewpoint.
Attended seminars by CCH to learn good corporate secretarial practices.
Attended numerous seminars and training on English Proficiency and Communication.
Proactive, fast learner, dynamic, adaptive and eager to learn.
Analytical, meticulous, a strong team leader, builder and a facilitator in promoting an atmosphere that encourages teamwork to attain maximum productivity.
Well disciplined with proven ability to manage multiple tasks efficiently and independently under pressure while meeting tight deadline schedules.
Fluent in written and conversational English, highly skilled in English technical writing.
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Affinity, CAS and Viewpoint.
Attended seminars by CCH to learn good corporate secretarial practices.
Attended numerous seminars and training on English Proficiency and Communication.
Proactive, fast learner, dynamic, adaptive and eager to learn.
Analytical, meticulous, a strong team leader, builder and a facilitator in promoting an atmosphere that encourages teamwork to attain maximum productivity.
Well disciplined with proven ability to manage multiple tasks efficiently and independently under pressure while meeting tight deadline schedules.
Gold medals in swimming (individual medley, breast stroke, butterfly,back stroke, freestyle).
Gold medals in swimming (individual medley, breast stroke, butterfly,back stroke, freestyle).Senior Corporate Secretarial Officer at Portcullis (Singapore) Pte Ltd.Manage a portfolio of 102 private companies located in the Asia Pacific and Middle East Region including a fund management and captive insurance companies registered with MAS.
Review and draft board decisions, meeting minutes and authorization documents.
Conduct secretarial due diligence for acquisition & divestment projects.
Ensure timely lodgement of statutory returns and regulatory notifications.
Provide in-house training for directors, officers and other stakeholders on Singapore legislation and requirements.
Provide preliminary advisory to management and project teams on Companies Act, Cap. 50 requirements.
International SOS Group            Oct 2012 – Sep 2013 Manager, Company Secretarial.
Manage a portfolio of 2 public companies and 97 private companies located in the Asia Pacific and.
BHP Billiton Group              Jan 2009 – Oct 2012 Specialist, Company Secretariat.
Managing a portfolio of 62 entities registered in 35 countries around the world.
% of entities where we are aware of the compliance obligations required compared to total number of entities.
% of entities where we have fulfilled the compliance obligations up to date and in the process of bring the compliance obligations up to date compared to total number of entities.
% of entities where we have confirmed up-to-date entity information compared to total number of entities.
Develop entity management control documents and templates.
Develop tracking system for deadlines and expiry of documentation.
The Ascott Group Limited            Sep 2007 – Jan 2009 Assistant Manager, Corporate Secretarial.
Managing a portfolio of 1 SGX-listed REIT and 317 private limited companies incorporated in Singapore, Australia, Japan, People’s Republic of China, Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines and other off-shore tax haven jurisdiction together with a team of 2.
City Management Pte Ltd             Sep 2005 – Sep 2007 Head, Corporate Secretarial and named Company Secretary.
Managing a portfolio of 547 private limited companies together with a team of 3.
Manage reporting including budgeting and accounts receivable.
NatSteel Ltd                Mar 2003 – Apr 2005 Corporate Secretarial Executive.
Managing a portfolio of 1 SGX-listed company and 46 private limited companies.
Stamford Tyres Corporation Limited         Jul 2001 – Mar 2003 Personal Assistant.
Proficiency in Blueprint, ViewPoint, SAP, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access, MS Words, MS Project, Concerto, MASNET and SGXNET platform.
Singapore Institute of Certified Secretaries and Administrator.Become a Professional within the Company Secretarial industry.
I am studying in Bachelor Degree in Financial Service (with Honours) and will be completed in 2018. Further, I will apply for studentship of HKICS.
I am a fast learner and able to work under pressure. I am reliable, hardworking and always a team player. I believe it is always important to produce a high standard of work and meet deadlines.
I am currently working as a company secretary assistant and I am seeking an opportunity to work in a Professional Company and become a professional within the Company Secretarial industry.
Become a Professional within the Company Secretarial industry.
I am studying in Bachelor Degree in Financial Service (with Honours) and will be completed in 2018. Further, I will apply for studentship of HKICS.
I am a fast learner and able to work under pressure. I am reliable, hardworking and always a team player. I believe it is always important to produce a high standard of work and meet deadlines.
I am currently working as a company secretary assistant and I am seeking an opportunity to work in a Professional Company and become a professional within the Company Secretarial industry.
Become a Professional within the Company Secretarial industry.
I am studying in Bachelor Degree in Financial Service (with Honours) and will be completed in 2018. Further, I will apply for studentship of HKICS.
I am a fast learner and able to work under pressure. I am reliable, hardworking and always a team player. I believe it is always important to produce a high standard of work and meet deadlines.
I am currently working as a company secretary assistant and I am seeking an opportunity to work in a Professional Company and become a professional within the Company Secretarial industry.
Prepare full set of incorporation / deregistration of documents in both Hong Kong and offshore jurisdictions.
Assist in preparation of board minutes / resolutions / interim / annual report.
Prepare and arrange for filing of statutory forms and documents with Hong Kong authorities and any other authorities outside Hong Kong.
Assist in opening of bank account and prepare related corporate documents.
Maintain proper statutory records and update corporate information.
Provide advisory service to clients on company secretarial matters and other regulatory / statutory compliance matters.
Liaising with internal and external parties (external professionals / banker / agencies for corporate affairs / various government authorities).
Become familiar with the requirements of the Company Ordinance and regulations in Hong Kong and offshore jurisdictions.
Able to handle and deal with enquires on company secretarial services independently.
Organized and maintained an accurate and updated company secretarial records, registers and Companies Register filing.
To be completed with the Bachelor of Arts (with Honours) in Financial Services in 2018.
Manage statutory records, Registers, and Database maintenance.
Assist in drafting documents (i.e. board minutes, resolution).
Advance level MS Word, Intermediate Excel, Advance level PowerPoint, Intermediate Outlook.
View Point software, CSA software, CSRM software, Time Management, Filing, Account.Address: 57, Jalan Setia 6/16, Taman Setia Indah, 81100 Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.
Mark Foo Ming Yee (Male), 39 years old, Director of Grandhill Solutions Sdn Bhd, Johor Bahru, Malaysia.
Lim Ling (Female), 41 years old, Assistant Logistics Manager of Wawasan Agrolipids Sdn Bhd, Johor Bahru, MY.
Lim Iee (Male), 37 years old, Engineer of Rolls-Royce Singapore Pte Ltd, Singapore.
Lim Chian (Male), 36 years old, Estate Manager of Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad (KLK), Pekan Baru, Indonesia.
--------------------------------------------------------------.
- To complete Registered Financial Planner (RFP) Course (7 Modules) (Completed Module 1).
- Possess abilities to communicate with different level of people.
- Finalist of ICSA (Remaining of one Final Paper i.e. Corporate Financial Management).
- Certificate in Accounting with Business Computing (CABC).
Corporate Secretarial Executive at Toll Logistics (Asia) Limited.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To advise directors' duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, Cap 50.
2. To ensure all companies under Toll Asia Pacific comply with its statutory obligations such as Annual General Meetings (AGM), Annual Return (AR) and Accounts.
3. To prepare notice, agenda, minutes and attend Board of Directors’ meetings.
4. To overview all corporate matters of companies under Toll Asia.
5. To keep track and update all corporate information (including directorship listing and organization chart) of Toll Asia.
6. To coordinate with all relevant parties such as Auditors, Solicitors & etc regarding all companies under Toll Asia.
7. To ensure Toll Asia complies with the Companies Act for entities in Australia, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Papua New Guinea, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Timor Leste, United Arab Emirates, UK, USA and Vietnam.
8. To draft and prepare resolutions and all relevant documents/letters for all entities under Toll Asia.
9. To assist and support Divisional Lead Counsel and Lead Counsel (named Company Secretary) in regards to all corporate matters.
10. To assist, liase and coordinate with all Top Management Personnel, Directors, Department Heads and staff of Toll Asia in regards to all corporate matters.
11. To meet deadlines for ongoing projects, due diligence exercise and other companies compliance.
12. To ensure and maintain minimum cost & budgeting of corporate secretarial.
13. To source quotations of corporate secretarial fees and to ensure effective control over cost & budgeting system of corporate secretarial.
14. To minimize the penalty and late lodgment fees in regards to late submission of corporate documents such as AR, Accounts, forms and etc (ACRA).
15. To arrange with Notary Public for notarisation, authentication and legalisation of corporate documents at respective embassies in Singapore.
16. To carry on all general administrative duties such as translation, filing documents, typing & etc.
Industry  Provision of engineering, procurement, project management construction services.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To advise directors' duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, Cap 50.
2. To ensure all companies under ThyssenKrupp Group comply with its statutory obligations such as Annual General Meetings (AGM), Annual Return (AR) and Accounts.
3. To overview all corporate matters of companies under ThyssenKrupp.
4. To keep track and update all corporate information of ThyssenKrupp.
5. To coordinate with all relevant parties such as Auditors, Solicitors & etc regarding all companies under ThyssenKrupp.
6. To ensure ThyssenKrupp complies with the Companies Act for entities in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, Japan, Australia and China.
7. To draft and prepare resolutions, notice and all relevant documents/letters for all entities under ThyssenKrupp.
8. To assist and support Head of Legal Asia Pacific in regards to all corporate matters.
9. To assist, liase and coordinate with all Top Management Personnel, Directors, Department Heads and staff of ThyssenKrupp in regards to all corporate matters.
10. To meet deadlines for ongoing project, all other related projects and companies compliance.
11. To ensure and maintain minimum cost & budgeting of corporate secretarial.
12. To source quotations of corporate secretarial fees and to ensure effective control over cost & budgeting system of corporate secretarial.
13. To minimize the penalty and late lodgment fees in regards to late submission of corporate documents such as AR, Accounts, forms and etc (ACRA).
14. To arrange travel arrangement and calendar for Head of Legal Asia Pacific.
15. To carry on all general administrative duties such as translation, filing documents, typing & etc.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To advise councils' duties and responsibilities under the Societies Act.
2. To keep track and update all corporate information of SBF.
3. To coordinate with all relevant parties such as KPMG, Solicitors & etc.
4. To draft and prepare resolutions, notice and all relevant documents/letters.
5. To assist and support Assistant Executive Director in regards to all corporate matters.
6. To assist, liase and coordinate with all Top Management Personnel, Directors, Department Heads and staff of SBF in regards to all corporate matters.
7. To meet deadlines for ongoing project, all other related projects and companies compliance.
8. To ensure and maintain minimum cost & budgeting of corporate secretarial & administration.
9. To prepare notice, minutes and attend all meetings at SBF.
10. To upgrade the corporate secretarial knowledge by attending training, seminars & etc.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To advise directors' duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, Cap 50.
2. To ensure all companies under OCBC Property Services Private Limited (OPS) to comply with its statutory obligations such as Annual General Meetings (AGM), Annual Return (AR) and Accounts.
3. To overview all corporate matters of companies under OPS.
4. To keep track and update all corporate information of OPS.
5. To advise and prepare documents for preliminary/incorporation of companies of OPS.
6. To coordinate with all relevant parties such as KPMG, Solicitors & etc regarding all companies under OPS.
7. To ensure OPS complies with the Companies Act for entities in SG, MY and CN.
8. To draft and prepare resolutions, notice and all relevant documents/letters for all entities under OPS.
9. To assist and support Corporate Secretary in regards to all corporate matters.
10. To assist, liase and coordinate with all Top Management Personnel, Directors, Department Heads and staff of OPS in regards to all corporate matters.
11. To meet deadlines for ongoing project, all other related projects and companies compliance.
12. To ensure and maintain minimum cost & budgeting of corporate secretarial.
13. To source quotations of corporate secretarial fees and to ensure effective control over cost & budgeting system of corporate secretarial.
14. To minimize the penalty and late lodgment fees in regards to late submission of corporate documents such as AR, Accounts, forms and etc (ACRA).
15. To monitor the position of companies pursuant to Section 33 of Banking Act.
16. To monitor and comply with Related Party Transactions and Interested Persons Transactions of Listing Manual.
17. To attend all regulatory compliance meetings at OCBC Bank.
18. To compile and submit monthly and quarterly reports to OCBC Bank.
19. To handle insurance matters for OCBC Bank’s properties.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To advise directors of their duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, Cap 50.
2. To ensure Great Wheel Group (GWG) to comply with its statutory obligations, especially Annual General Meetings (AGM), Annual Return (AR) and Accounts.
3. To overview all corporate matters of companies under GWG.
4. To keep track and update all corporate information of GWG.
5. To advise and prepare documents for preliminary / incorporation of companies of GWG.
6. To coordinate with all relevant parties such as Corporate Secretarial agents, Auditors, Solicitors & Bankers in various countries.
7. To ensure GWG complies with the Companies Act for entities in SG, BVI, USA, Dubai, UK, Germany & etc.
8. To draft and prepare resolutions, notice and all relevant documents/letters for all entities under GWG.
9. To assist and support Group Legal Counsel in regards to all corporate matters.
10. To assist, liase and coordinate with top management personnel, directors, department heads and staff of GWG in regards to all corporate matters.
11. To meet deadlines for ongoing project wheels, all other related projects and companies compliance.
12. To participate in mergers and acquisitions exercise for GWG.
13. To compile and furnish corporate documents for due diligence exercise for GWG.
14. To ensure and maintain minimum cost & budgeting of corporate secretarial/legal.
15. To source quotations of corporate secretarial fees and to ensure effective control over cost & budgeting system of corporate secretarial/legal.
16. To minimize the penalty and late lodgment fees in regards to late submission of corporate documents such as AR, Accounts, forms and etc (ACRA).
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To make announcements to Singapore Exchange Limited (SGX) for Public Listed Companies (PLCs).
2. To assist in preparing and submission of all relevant documents to SGX.
3. To liaise with the Share Registrar as and when necessary for information requested on shareholdings in PLCs.
4. To attend meetings such as Audit Committee Meeting (AC), Remuneration Committee (RC) Meeting, Board of Directors (BOD) Meeting, Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM).
5. To advise directors' of their duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, Cap 50.
6. To ensure & keep track the clients comply with its statutory obligations, especially Annual General Meetings & Accounts.
7. To advise the directors to maintain an effective system of internal control and keeping proper accounting records.
8. To liase with clients regarding all company secretarial matters.
9. To advise directors to adhere corporate governance practices.
10. To advise directors of their obligation to disclose their interest in contracts or hold any property that might create conflict of interest.
11. To prepare and to file statutory forms & documents to Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore (ACRA).
12. To prepare resolutions for corporate clients to pass the company's mandates.
13. To prepare notices, agenda, minutes of all general meetings.
14. To advise and prepare documents for preliminary / incorporation of companies.
15. To prepare all relevant documents for Transfer of Shares.
16. To complete secretarial work relating to issuing of share certificates.
17. To coordinate with auditors and tax agents on clients' compliance.
19. To ensure and secure Common Seals and statutory records.
20. To prepare and submit the application of Employment and Dependant Passes to Ministry of Manpower (MOM), Singapore.
21 To arrange with Notary Public for notarisation, authentication and legalisation of documents for submission to Embassies.
22. To carry on all general administrative duties such as filing documents, typing and etc.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To input information into the Bursa Malaysia Link for transmission to the Bursa Malaysia and to make announcements to Bursa Malaysia for Public Listed Companies (PLCs).
2. To assist in preparing and submission of semi annual returns to Bursa Malaysia.
3. To liaise with the Share Registrar as and when necessary for information requested on shareholdings in PLCs.
4. To attend meetings such as Audit Committee Meeting (AC), Remuneration Committee (RC) Meeting, Board of Directors (BOD) Meeting, Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM).
5. To advise directors' of their duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, 1965.
6. To ensure & keep track the clients comply with its statutory obligations, especially Annual General Meetings & Accounts.
7. To advise the directors to maintain an effective system of internal control and keeping proper accounting records.
8. To liase with clients regarding company secretarial matters.
9. To advise directors to adhere corporate governance practices.
10. To advise directors of their obligation to disclose their interest in contracts or hold any property that might create conflict of interest.
11. To prepare and to file statutory forms & documents to Companies Commission of Malaysia (CCM).
12. To prepare resolutions for corporate clients to pass the company's mandates.
13. To prepare notices, agenda, minutes of all general meetings.
14. To advise and prepare documents for preliminary / incorporation of companies.
15. To fill up the forms of PDS 5, 6 and other relevant documents for stamping Forms 32A.
16. To complete secretarial work relating to issue share certificates.
17. To coordinate with auditors and tax agents on clients' compliance.
19. To ensure and secure Common Seals and statutory records.
20. To advise directors to attend Corporate Directors' Training Program.
21. To advise and prepare documents for winding up under Section 308 of the Companies Act 1965.
22. To advise and prepare preliminary / incorporation of business such as sole proprietor and partnership business.
23. To carry on all general administrative duties such as filing documents, translation, typing and etc.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To advise directors' of their duties and responsibilities under the Companies Act, 1965.
2. To ensure & keep track the clients comply with its statutory obligations, especially Annual General Meetings & Accounts.
3. To advise the directors to maintain an effective system of internal control and keeping proper accounting records.
4. To liase with clients regarding company secretarial matters.
5. To advise directors to adhere corporate government practices.
6. To advise directors of their obligation to disclose their interest in contracts or hold any property that might create conflict of interest.
7. To prepare and filing of statutory forms & documents to Companies Commission of Malaysia (CCM).
8. To prepare resolutions for corporate clients to pass the company's mandates.
9. To prepare notices, agenda, minutes of general meetings.
10. To advise and prepare preliminary / incorporation of company.
11. To fill up the forms of PDS 5, 6 and other relevant documents for stamping Forms 32A.
12. To complete secretarial work relating to issue share certificates.
13. To coordinate with auditors and tax agents on clients' compliance.
15. To advise directors to adhere corporate government practices.
16. To ensure and secure Common Seals and statutory records.
17. To advise directors to attend Corporate Directors' Training Program.
18. To advise and prepare documents for winding up under Section 308 of the Companies Act 1965.
19. To advise and prepare preliminary / incorporation of business such as sole proprietor and partnership business.
20. To apply employment pass for Managerial level such as Managing Director, Production Director and etc.
23. To carry on all general administrative duties such as filing documents, translation, typing and etc.
The main purposes and principal accountabilities of the job are:.
1. To assist PR Manager in daily activities (filling, incoming and outgoing correspondence and etc).
2. To coordinate and contact with reporters/press houses in Johor Bahru for hotel's functions.
3. To ensure publicity of hotel is sufficient (eg: posters, food promotions and etc.).
5. To provide secretarial services such as faxing, typing, translation, packing and wrapping services.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators (ICSA).
Finalist of Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators (ICSA).
- Remaining of one Final Paper i.e. Corporate Financial Management.To bring forth the skills and knowledge I have gained into the professional field that encourages me to process ongoing knowledge for continual improvement.
SAICSA – Executive Diploma in Corporate Administration (EDCA).
Course / Major: Foundation in International Trust Management.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).
Course / Major: Fundamentals of Company Secretarial Practice.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).
Achievement(s):- Certificate of Appreciation 2006 for Aztech - Ngee Ann Polytechnic Industrial Attachment Program 2006.
Certificate of Commendation for outstanding performance in SYF Central Judging of Choirs 2001 – Silver Award.
Certificate of Participation for participating in the Sing Singapore 2002 Singing Competition (School Choir Category).
Responsible for handling client's corporate secretarial matters, including incorporation of Singapore companies, Offshore companies and providing advice to clients on corporate secretarial matters.
Overall responsible for the establishment and day-to-day administration of a portfolio of clients comprising a mixture of companies registered in various jurisdictions (Singapore, Dutch, Hong Kong, British Virgin Islands.).
Managing all aspects of a portfolio of companies by dealing with all statutory, banking, legal and fiduciary obligations that arise for each client.
Verification of due diligence documents held to ensure adherence to general compliance policies.
Assist clients in completion and submission of relevant bank account opening documentation.
Draft and review resolutions and related documents for various transactions.
Preparing / Reviewing XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).
Responsible for handling Corporate Secretarial work (i.e. drafting resolutions, updating registers of companies using viewpoint, lodgement with ACRA, E-stamping).
Attending Board of Directors’ Meeting, AC, RC, NC, AGM, etc.
Preparing XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).
Seconded to Facebook for more than 6 months (i.e. June 2012 to January 2013).
Incorporation of Singapore companies/Offshore companies.
Maintaining records for both Singapore companies and Offshore companies.
Responsible for handling Corporate Secretarial work (i.e. drafting resolutions, updating registers of companies using viewpoint, lodgement with ACRA, E-stamping).
Incorporation of Singapore companies/Offshore companies.
Maintaining in-house companies records as well as both Singapore companies and Offshore companies.
Responsible for handling Corporate Secretarial work (i.e. drafting resolutions, updating registers of companies, lodgement with ACRA, E-stamping).
Completing KYC records for internal compliance, name(s) checked via Worldcheck.
Provide support to Trust Managers including preparation of Trust Deeds, trust administrative duties, etc.
Preparing payment instructions/ instructions to bank (where necessary).
Liaison between client and accountants/auditors/tax agent/bankers, etc.
Registration of patients, filing of patients' records, dispensing of medication.
2000 – 2003 Class Committee (includes Monitress, Treasurer and Subject Representatives).Dedicated and focused corporate secretary who excels at planning, managing, prioritizing, completing tasks and activities with multi-tasking ability simultaneously. Facilitate the orientation of new Directors and assist in Director training and development. Specialize in administrative support to different sectors of busy firms. Committed to delivering high quality work with little supervision. Displays energetic, organized and professional characteristics.
Reporting to the CEO, responsible for the entire sales cycle, from identifying to developing and closing deals in order to meet sales targets on new and existing accounts.  ▪ Manage existing clients' portfolio and strategic planning ▪ Provide advice to clients on corporate secretarial matters.
Manage and grow a team of effective professionals to serve clients’ needs, including work review, coaching and staff development.
Handle existing accounts and develop long term business relationship.
Source for new potential client leads (Law firm, CPA firm and CSP etc.) and updating CRM for sales follow ups.
Develop and execute marketing programs that support business priorities in Singapore.
Be the liaison for regional teams to tailor South East Asia marketing campaigns and the local markets.
Working closely with counterpart in the Hong Kong Head Office. Support Head Board Services to grow and manage corporate secretarial services.
Responsible for overall operational effectiveness of the corporate secretarial department by initiating process reviews and improvements.
Vistra Alternative Investments (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.      September 2016 to April 2017 Funds Corporate Secretarial Associate.
Assisting with post-incorporation and structure implementation.
Selling ready-made companies and special purpose vehicles.
Managing board meetings and circulating briefing documents.
Setting up and managing a special purpose vehicle to act as an escrow agent.
Monitoring fund expenses and wire transfers, bookkeeping and reporting.
Completing rigorous ‘know your client’ and anti-money laundering checks on investors ▪ Preparing and distributing dynamic investor statement reports.
Iyer Practice Singapore Pte. Ltd.        June 2016 to September 2016  Trust Administrator.
Process and review legal and financial paperwork associated with trust fund accounts.
Provide customer service to clients, resolve client problems, and report the status of accounts.
Ensure trust fund accounts comply with bank and government regulations.
Proper and efficient administration of a portfolio of fiduciary structures.
Drafting and preparation of documents like trustee minutes, company minutes, payment instructions, account opening forms etc.
Adheres to Trust & Fiduciary Company’s policies and procedures.
Ensures Compliance/Risk requirements are met for all fiduciary structures and proper    escalation is raised when necessary.
Review distribution statements to ensure distribution policy stated in the prospectus has been adhered to;.
Review financial statements to ensure appropriate disclosures are made in compliance with applicable guidelines and accounting principles.
Prepare and maintain compliance checklists for each of the new REITs/trusts on-boarded;.
Check for and ensure compliance with provisions in the Trust Deed and Prospectus;.
Drafting and ensuring that Operating Memorandums are in place.
Baker Tilly FFW LLP                November 2015 to May 2016 Senior Associate.
Independently handling the secretarial matters of 130 Singapore private companies and 20 offshore companies.
Familiar with drafting of various resolutions i.e, incorporation, change of shareholders, appointment and resignation of directors/secretary, establishment of bank accounts and facilities, striking off, allot and issue shares, transfer shares, S&P agreements, loan agreements, rental agreements  etc.
Maintains and update the statutory records of the companies. i.e Register of Members, Directors, Allotments, Transfers, Share certificates, Proxy Forms, Minutes and resolution.
Participate in financing projects and complete banks’ KYC requirements.
Manage all communication with clients, overseas colleagues, banks, authorities etc. according to clients’ requirement.
Annual compliance work including holding of AGM and filing of Annual Returns with ACRA and maintenance of statutory registers and minute book for inspection.
Adept with ACRA filing/research/extract information/use of website.
Act and provide company secretary work for Companies registered in Singapore.
Inter-trust Singapore Corporate Secretarial & Accounting Services        2010 to October 2015 Senior Associate.
Independently handling the secretarial matters of 80 Singapore private companies and 10 offshore companies.
Familiar with drafting of various resolutions i.e, incorporation, change of shareholders, appointment and resignation of directors/secretary, establishment of bank accounts and facilities, striking off, allot and issue shares, transfer shares, S&P agreements, loan agreements, rental agreements  etc.
Maintains and update the statutory records of the companies. i.e Register of Members, Directors, Allotments, Transfers, Share certificates, Proxy Forms, Minutes and resolution.
Participate in financing projects and complete banks’ KYC requirements.
Manage all communication with clients, overseas colleagues, banks, authorities etc. according to clients’ requirement.
Annual compliance work including holding of AGM and filing of Annual Returns with ACRA and maintenance of statutory registers and minute book for inspection.
Adept with ACRA filing/research/extract information/use of website.
Act and provide company secretary work for Companies registered in Singapore.
Standard Chartered Bank, Malaysia                   2008 - 2010 Sales Executive.
Demonstrated relational management and new business development skills.
Extensive knowledge of mortgage services, products, operations and current market trends.
Actively participated in the unit sales planning and generated unit action plans for exceeding and achieving sales target.
Prepared and gathered all accurate sales reports related activities.
Generated new business via outdoor/outbound marketing calls, local sales promotions, seminars and presentations.
Structured transactions of deals based on customers requirements.
Conduct diligence to ensure quality of the customer before acquisition.
Ability to leverage networks by cultivating key industry related relationships.
Observant and responsive to market trend and customer demand, giving feedback, roll out initiatives, and make recommendations on merchandising and product presentation.
Quick learner who can absorb new ideas, able to communicate clearly and effectively.
Keeping abreast of market trends and being aware of competitors.
Able to handle complaints, aggressive customers and difficult situations.
Monitor the inventory so that able to bring in the stock necessary and prevent overstocking ▪ Responsible for sales staff retention, development and job satisfaction levels.
Guide the team to focus on building long lasting relationship with customer.
Able to handle difficult situation and challenging clients.
Merchandise and inventory management, growing the sales, day-to-day operations, staff performance management and development.
To implement and control the appropriate/effective strategies in order to achieve sales targets and to maximize profits - to improve productivity and accelerate growth.
The general management and retail operations of the business unit and maintaining a smooth flow of work between departments.
Identify growth areas and tighten gaps; implement sales strategies, business plans, forecast and budgets, and achieving results with a view of P & L.
Effectively communicate company’s objectives and ensure retail and sales teams have clear goals and objectives on the customer experience and productivity targets.
Review effectiveness of Marketing activities; sales productivity and individual sales team member’s performance on a regular basis.
Provide team leadership through open communication, training, mentoring/ coaching and active encouragement to meet and exceed goals.
Ensure that VM is consistent and coherent with brands’ guidelines and visual merchandising standards.
To manage and support in working with the relevant parties (both internal & external) for building new stores and set-ups, when such occasion arises.
Responsible for inventory management and planning of suitable merchandise mix for each POS.
Responsible for pricing strategies and responsible for achieving company KPI.
Compilation of monthly reports to analyze sales trends and profitability of products, product management proposals and market/competitor survey and observations.
Develop and implement strategic marketing plans, sales plans and forecasts to achieve corporate objectives for sales & marketing services; manages operating budgets for the department.
Ensure effective control of marketing results and take corrective action to guarantee the achievement of marketing objectives fall within designated budgets.
Evaluate market research and adjusts marketing strategy to meet changing market competitive conditions and monitors competitors’ products sales and marketing activities.
Establish and maintain relationships with industry influencers and key strategic partners.
Guide preparation of marketing activity reports and present to executive management.
maintains a consistent corporate image throughout all product lines, promotional materials and events.
Direct sales forecasting activities and sets performance goals (KPIs) accordingly, responsible for managing staffing, training and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and marketing programs.
Direct market channel development activity and coordinates sales distribution by establishing sales territories, quotas and goals; represents company at trade association meetings to promote product.
Meet with key clients, maintaining relationships, negotiating and closing deals; analysis and control expenditure of sales & marketing department to conform to budgetary requirements.
Preparation of sales and marketing standard operations procedure and periodic sales report showing sales volume, potential sales and areas of proposed client base expansion.
Review and analyze sales and marketing performance against programs, quotes and plans to determine effectiveness.
Ability to leverage networks by cultivating key industry related relationships.
Experienced in observing tact and discretion, for dealing with confidential information.
SAICSA Executive Diploma in Corporate Administration (EDCA) –.
Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered secretaries and administrators (SAICSA).
Entry Level Program, Global Inter-trust Academy       April, 2014.
Socializing, playing musical instruments, traveling, exercising, debating, reading and etc….
Languages : English language, Conversational Chinese and dialects.Handle full range of company secretarial matters and ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements for clients' companies.
Prepare different kinds of board minutes, resolutions and annual returns.
Liaise with government departments and external service providers.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration.Cheung Kong Property Holdings Limited  March, 2015 – November, 2016.
Work on various projects and liaise with global location, projects include restructuring of HK$120 Billion Cheung Kong Group business, listing by way of introduction of Cheung Kong Property Holdings Limited and aircraft acquisition and leasing transactions.
Assist in performing a full range of company secretarial duties as well as statutory compliance for the listed company and its subsidiaries.
Arrange and attend the broad meetings and shareholders' meetings and to prepare a correct record of proceedings.
Prepare and review documentations relating to result announcements, circulars, notices, meetings of directors and members etc.
Monitor changes in relevant rules and regulations and make suggestion to management and the board.
Monthly salary: HK$21,700 (plus other allowances around HK$2,000).
Work in conjunction with various professional advisors on transactions, including transactions in relation to merger and acquisition and  redesignation of shares.
Keep abreast of the latest compliance updates to ensure the internal procedures and documentations are complying with corporate governance issues.
Prepare company secretarial documents including minutes and statutory filings for a client portfolio of 250 corporations, including Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Leading fellow coworkers to perform company secretarial duties.
McCabe Secretarial Services Limited September, 2012 – February 2014.
Prepare wide range of documents and forms required for a client portfolio of 100 corporations.
Review and advice on the financial reports, various agreements and contracts for clients.
Review and update the registers and statutory records of the clients.
Manage deadline of holding Annual General Meeting for client's portfolio.
Take initiative in advising the clients for business development.
Lau & Au Yeung C.P.A. Limited February, 2012 – September, 2012.
Prepare various documents and forms required for client's portfolio.
Prepare agenda, minutes and legal documents regarding to the board / shareholders’ meeting.
Provide market information and research reports to both potential and current clients for their business expansion.
Perform administrative tasks and other ad-hoc duties as required.
Manage the data in the database and Generate reports to various departments for their necessary actions.
Assist the manager to undertake various projects in the Hong Kong Housing Authority and act as a specialist to satisfy the chief rank officers’ queries.
Handle the inventory level so as to ensure all assets are fully utilized and being used effectively and efficiently.
Hong Kong Fire Services Department  November, 2010 – March, 2011.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University  September, 2014 – August, 2016.
St. Louis School (Form1 -  Form7) September, 2000 – June, 2007.
A great team player, enjoy gaining insight, building knowledge and making changes with a team of professionals.
Ambitious, always pursue excellence, not settle for good enough.
Have good time management and able to cope with tough schedule.
Volunteer Consultant of Asian Charity Services 2016 - Present.
Winner of Tao Heung Business Paper (by Tao Heung Restaurant Group)  2011.
Familiar with Microsoft Office applications, like MS Excel, Word, Access and Outlook.
Have great knowledge in CSA, ViewPoint, web page design and SPSS application.
Cantonese, English and Mandarin. (All are fluent in speaking, listening and writing.).Highly capable corporate secretarial professional with more than 5 years’ experience in managing a strong portfolio of private and public listed companies.
Comprehensive background in corporate secretarial, general administration and revenue management.
Adept in learning new skills, with a disposition to take on challenges and explore various job functions.
CORPORATE SECRETARIAL SENIOR 2  BDO CORPORATE SERVICES PTE. LTD.
Managed a portfolio of more than 40 clients which consist of Singapore Branch and private companies.
Assist with the submission of employment passes of the clients (immigration matters).
Collaborated closely with external clients and government bodies in advisory of corporate secretarial matters and implementation of corporate secretarial documentation;.
Reported to Corporate Secretarial Director and Assistant Manager on daily corporate secretarial matters.
Managed a portfolio of more than 40 clients which consist of Singapore Branch and private companies.
Assist with the submission of employment passes of the clients (immigration matters).
Collaborated closely with external clients and government bodies in advisory of corporate secretarial matters and implementation of corporate secretarial documentation;.
Reported to Corporate Secretarial Director and Assistant Manager on daily corporate secretarial matters.
CORPORATE SECRETARIAL ASSOCIATE 2 TRICOR PTE LTD, SINGAPORE.
Single-handedly managed a portfolio of more than 50 clients from industries including fund management, marine and transportation, shipping, data management and marketing analytics.
Collaborated closely with external clients and government bodies in advisory of corporate secretarial matters and implementation of corporate documentation; created and drafted corporate governance reports.
Supported and attended clients’ board and board committees meetings; took charge of writing minutes and board resolutions.
Reported to Corporate Secretarial Manager on daily corporate secretarial matters.
Single-handedly managed a portfolio of more than 50 clients from industries including fund management, marine and transportation, shipping, data management and marketing analytics.
Collaborated closely with external clients and government bodies in advisory of corporate secretarial matters and implementation of corporate documentation; created and drafted corporate governance reports.
Supported and attended clients’ board and board committees meetings; took charge of writing minutes and board resolutions.
Reported to Corporate Secretarial Manager on daily corporate secretarial matters.
Single-handedly managed a portfolio of more than 60 clients from industries including fund management, shipping, aviation finance management, manufacture of electronic component and finance.
Provide advice and assistance in general administration matters such as budgeting and billing  Provide ad-hoc corporate secretarial advice to external clients.
Collaborated closely with external clients and government bodies in advisory of corporate secretarial matters and implementation of documentation.
Supported and attended clients’ board and board committees meetings; took charge of writing minutes and board resolutions.
Reported to Assistant Corporate Secretarial Manager and Senior Corporate Secretarial Manager on daily corporate secretarial matters.
Received strong commendation through 2 successive job promotions during tenure in the company; started as an assistant associate and promoted to associate 2.
Single-handedly managed a portfolio of more than 60 clients from industries including fund management, shipping, aviation finance management, manufacture of electronic component and finance.
Provide advice and assistance in general administration matters such as budgeting and billing  Provide ad-hoc corporate secretarial advice to external clients.
Collaborated closely with external clients and government bodies in advisory of corporate secretarial matters and implementation of documentation.
Supported and attended clients’ board and board committees meetings; took charge of writing minutes and board resolutions.
Reported to Assistant Corporate Secretarial Manager and Senior Corporate Secretarial Manager on daily corporate secretarial matters.
Received strong commendation through 2 successive job promotions during tenure in the company; started as an assistant associate and promoted to associate 2.
Supervised and supported a portfolio of more than 300 private entities.
Liaised with external clients and ACRA in providing professional advice and administration services.
Drafted minutes and board resolutions in board and board committees meetings.
Supervised and supported a portfolio of more than 300 private entities.
Liaised with external clients and ACRA in providing professional advice and administration services.
Drafted minutes and board resolutions in board and board committees meetings.
Bachelor Degree in Business Administration (Honours) , Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Malaysia.
Diploma in Business Administration, Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Malaysia.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrator, Singapore – Pursuing.
Languages: Fluent in English, Malay, Cantonese and Mandarin  Availability: 2-month notice.Name: Leow Poh Leng   (ACIS, ACS, PRACTISING CHARTERED SECRETARY).
Corporate secretarial and administration works for private companies, public listed companies, offshore corporations and other businesses.
Ensure compliance with all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, Singapore Listing Manual, Code of Corporate Governance, Securities and Futures Act and all other rules and regulations.
Implement standard operating procedures for the corporate secretarial department.
Oversee the whole corporate secretarial procedures, corporate secretarial works for all public listed companies, private companies limited by shares and guarantee, BVI companies, limited liabilities partnerships and businesses.
Advise, prepare necessary documents, file with ACRA and other statutory bodies, and maintain statutory records on all matters related to initial incorporation, annual compliance, and ad-hoc change requests for client companies.
Preparation of Annual Report, Circular of Share Purchase Mandate and arranging for all the venue and logistics of annual general meeting of a public listed companies listed on the Mainboard and Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange and Trading Limited.
Attending Board of Directors’ Meeting, Audit Committee Meeting, Remuneration Committee Meeting, Nominating Committee Meeting and Management Meeting and preparing the relevant minutes and agenda.
Preparation of Board agendas, Board papers, minute taking and Board and Committee administration.
Attend and record minutes at all Board and Committee meetings and prepare and distribute final minutes.
Assist with compliance and review of Governance requirements.
Assist General Counsel to ensure that the company conforms to its statutory and legal obligations under the relevant legislations.
Complete follow up and research on Board and Committee matters as required.
Maintain files of all corporate reports prescribed by the local government authorities.
Administer Employee Share Option Scheme and Performance Share Plans for Directors and Senior Executives for public listed companies.
Drafting and releasing announcements via SGXNET and other exchanges.
Involved in the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 compliance requirements.
Liaise with and advise clients on company formation, statutory administration and related matters.
Managed client relationships to ensure companies meeting all their business requirements.
Invoicing and collection of debts for the corporate secretarial department.
Senior Manager, Corporate Secretary  Year 2013 to September 2014.
Assist the Management on the early stage of the implementation of the Personal Data Protection procedures for the Group.
Incorporation and registration of a general insurance company in Singapore Ensuring compliance of PRC companies law for PRC companies.
Assisting SGX on the preparation/reviewing of SGX compliance checklist on annual report.
Reason of leaving: To persue another role in an in-house environment.
Collected the bad debts for the company under corporate secretarial services. Assisted the department to facilitate:-.
Preparation of standard operating procedures for corporate secretarial department.
Assisted in the IPO process for a shipping client with operations in China.
Reason of leaving: Company undergone re-structuring due to mergers and acquisitions.
Microsoft Words/Excel, Lotus, Viewpoint, CAS, PowerPoint and I-Guru.
Fluent in spoken and written English Language, Chinese Language, Cantonese and Bahasa.
ACIS, ACS, SAICSA (Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and.•Provide paralegal support in a wide range of corporate finance transactions, including but not limited to public and private M&A deals, initial public offering, rights issue, renewal of medium term bond programme and issue of convertible bonds.
•Gain experience in providing due diligence support, drafting verification notes and handling company secretarial matters.
• Provide real time inter-dealer market quotes on treasury and derivatives products to.
• Cantonese (Native), English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent).
• Organize a conference of 100 people from various background.
• Lead a team of four students and complete a marketing project.
Latest salary: HKD18,000 per month. Expected salary: HKD22,000 per month (Negotiable).
Social Service Project by Foundation for Amazing Potential.Preferred Work Location  Across Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Penang.
The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, MAICSA - Associate Member, ACIS (since Aug 2016).
To work in a stimulating working environment where I can apply & enhance my knowledge, skill to serve the company to the best of my efforts.
1. Photography Club of Tunku Abdul Rahman College (Penang branch campus).
2. Persatuan Renjer Puteri of Penang Chinese Girls' High School (PCGHS).
3. Photography Club of Penang Chinese Girls' High School (PCGHS).
Tunku Abdul Rahman College (TARC) in associate with ACCA Business Game 2010 and achieved as Finalists, the 4th place.
(1) Capable of preparing comprehensive reports, based on the analyzed information.
(2) Basic knowledge in company secretarial practices. Graduate with Advance Diploma in in Business Management cum ICSA allow me possessed a broad base knowledge in management, law, accounting, taxation, finance, corporate secretarial practice and corporate governance.
(3) Proficient in Microsoft Office applications as well as presentation engine such as Prezi.
(5) Fluent in other local dialect such as Hokkien and Cantonese.
(6) Flexible enough to be able to manage multiple priorities concurrently.
(7) Willing to learn and enthusiasms to motivate as well as interpersonal abilities.
• Conducting online searches to provide structured, comprehensive background checks on an organization, its owners and its operating and litigation history, as well as key management, decision makers and beneficial owners.
• Provide insight on their background, track records, competencies, potential conflicts of interest and political and criminal links.
• Analyzed business conduct and reputation history and search thoroughly for hidden risk.
• Prepared comprehensive reports based on the analyzed information to fulfill clients' requirements.
• Possessed comprehending as well as English writing skills, good analytical and research skill, detailed and meticulous.
Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Malaysia.
Communications Skills, Computer & Technical Literacy, Flexibility/Adaptability.
59, Simei Rise, #04-58, Georgetown, 528793,Singapore, Singapore.Address: Room 1512, Yiu Wing House, Yiu On Estate, Ma On Shan, Shatin,.
*Prepare forms and minutes for companies to comply with the legal requirements.
*Draft legal documents for U.S. Trademark, Patent and Provisional Patent applications (E.g. Transmittal for new applications, Application Data Sheets…etc.).
*Liaise with foreign agents to track the application status in other countries.
*Negotiating with other parties in respect of the terms of the Agreements for sale and purchase or Tenancy agreements.
*Explain to clients the obligations and consequences before execution of the Agreement for sale and purchase.
*Negotiating with other parties in respect of the terms of the Agreements for sale and purchase.Address:  Flat D, 29/F, Tower 2, Park Summit, Tai Kok Tsui, Hong Kong.
10/2011 – Present Estera Corporate Services (HK) Limited (previously known as Appleby Corporate Services (HK) Limited -  Appleby (Offshore Law Firm)).
Ensure that established controls and corporate standards, policies, practices and procedures are employed and reviewed with objective of providing corporate administrative services of the highest standard and quality to all clients.
Make recommendation to the Manager for changes in the organizational structure of the department to improve services and to maintain or enhance the profitability of the department.
Identify and recommend operating and administrative measures designed to improve performance and the efficiency of the delivery of corporate administration services.
Provide procedural advice to corporate administrators upon request.
Provide assistance on procedural matters to the corporate attorney of Appleby, upon request.
Provide company formation services and full range of corporate administrative services to a portfolio of client companies that assigned.
Handle company’s deregistration matter such as striking off and voluntary liquidation.
Provide guidance and technical support to Corporate Administrators on corporate administrative  matters.
Identify training needs and recommend seminars, workshops and work related course in support of continuing professional development of Corporate Administrators.
Ensure the corporate administration database is complete and accurate at all times and that the new corporate administration system is operating smoothly.
Responsible for the overall performance and quality of work carried out by corporate administration staff.
Ensure that all corporate administration accounts receivable are collected promptly.
Assist with the preparation of various management reports in relation to annual fee and variance billings, account receivable collections, company self audits, time sheet recording, billing targets, performance appraisals and database administration.
01/2007 – 06/2011 Walkers Corporate Services Limited - Walkers (Offshore Law Firm).
Managed and motivated a small team of Administrators including monitoring of workload, allocation of resource, delivering induction for new starters, ensuring deadlines are met, identifying training needs, performance management, recruitment and HR issues.
assisted with design and delivery of training programs for Corporate Administration staff.
Identified key risk areas, ensured regulations are adhered to and provided guidance regarding the ever-changing regulatory rules.
Designed, implemented and oversee internal processes, controls, and quality control checks for the  satellite office.
Initiated and led and assisted with ad hoc projects as necessary.
Reviewed new business as requested by Management or directors,          consistent with firm policy and thereafter set up files as appropriate.
Ensured good corporate governance is maintained and all Anti-money laundering requirements are followed.
Ensured that the companies (i.e . Cayman, BVI and HK companies) are administered in accordance with the company's constitutional documents and other relevant documents.
Ensured that the decisions of the directors and shareholders are fully minuted and recorded in the respective company's records.
Maintained the client database in relation to the assigned portfolio of 300 entities.
Updated the statutory records of the client’s company and arrange necessary filings with the Registrar.
Dealt with day to day correspondence and administrative  matters and drafted minutes or resolutions relating to client companies.
Liaised with the head office/oversea office as appropriate in relation to the various client accounts.
Liaised with third parties, including banker, law firm, auditors in relation to the various client accounts.
04/2001-01/2007 Codan Management (Asia) Limited - Conyers Dill & Pearman  (Offshore Law Firm).
Incorporated, set up and organised Bermuda, Cayman Islands and British Virgin Island companies.
Carried out due diligence check on ultimate beneficial owners and directors so as to comply with know your customer legislation.
Handled company’s deregistration matter such as striking off and voluntary liquidation.
Provided share registration service to client’s companies.
Advised client and other parties on company secretarial and legal matters.
Updated the corporate statutory records of the client’s companies.
Arranged company search to be conducted in BVI/Cayman/Bermuda.
Attending to the necessary filings with the Registrar of Companies in respective jurisdiction.
Attending to other secretarial matters for local listed companies (reviewing minutes, prospectus, announcement, circular and annual report etc.).
Providing assistance  to internal solicitors as to company secretarial matters.
Attended to the other secretarial maters for both , BVI and local listed companies (reviewing announcement/circular/annual report etc.).
Provided internal assistance to the solicitors as to company secretarial matters.
Liaised with government authorities such as Companies Registry, BR office etc.
Draft minutes, correspondence for the company and its subsidiaries.
Filed information with the Registrar of Companies to report certain changes of the company and to comply with the requirements for periodic filing such as Annual Return.
Updated the Group’s statutory records for both  and BVI companies.
Proofread company’s announcement and annual report/circular.
Attended to other secretarial matters as required under the  Companies Ordinance.
Maintained company’s membership and dealt with the application for registration as a registered member (e.g. investment adviser and dealer representative etc.) of the regulatory bodies such as SFC and HKFE etc. and liaise with them occasionally.
Assisted the Company Secretary in providing documents that required from time to time by The Stock Exchange of  Ltd. pursuant to the Listing Rule.
06/11 – 09/11 Company Secretarial Certificate course in Public and listed companies.
Bachelor of Arts degree – major in Urban and Economics Geography.
09/88-06/91 A.Y. Jackson Secondary School, Ontario, Canada.
Associate member of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators and The  Institute of Company Secretaries (2001).
Microsoft Window Application 7.0, Excel, PowerPoint, Chinese word-processing , Outlook, Viewpoint, DMS.
Playing badminton and squash, travelling, singing and reading.A detail-oriented, responsible prior compliance assistant with solid compliance and legal experience; able to work well both independently and in a team with proven work achievements; well equipped with compliance and legal knowledge and is determined to become a compliance professional.
Involve in project management and payment arrangements around the APAC.
Coordinate and liaise with internal and external stakeholders.
Strong in IT skills, including Microsoft Office and Lotus Note.
Strong in problem-solving, interpersonal, organizational skills.
Strong in analysing issues and coordinate with different parties.Address:  Room 1208, On Mei House, Cheung On Estate, Tsing Yi, N.T.,.
Associate Member of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
Associate Member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Senior Company Secretarial Officer (from April 2016 to August 2017).
Preparation of papers for regular board, committee and strategy meetings.
Assist in annual, half-yearly and quarterly (if applicable) results announcements for group companies listed in London, Singapore and Bermuda.
Assist in preparation of annual reports and annual general meetings.
Handle secretarial duties of the Group’s scrip dividend scheme.
Monitor changes in in-house holdings and directors’ share transactions.
Handle company secretarial matters and statutory compliance for offshore companies.
Update and ensure maintenance of statutory records and registers for group companies.
Assist in handling ad-hoc projects, including subscription of rights issue shares, share repurchases, conversion of bonds and acquisition of shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange including Disclosures of Interests by substantial shareholders.
Company Secretarial Assistant (from January 2009 to April 2011).
Handle company secretarial matters and statutory compliance for companies incorporated in , offshore and PRC.
Maintain statutory records and registers for group companies.
Handle company secretarial matters and statutory compliance for companies incorporated in  and offshore.
Maintain statutory records and registers for group companies.
Assist in the preparation of board meeting materials, minutes, announcements, circulars and annual report.
Provide full spectrum of company secretarial services to clients in compliance with corporate governance, statutory rules and regulations.
Assist the manager to handle various company secretarial assignments.Corporate Secretarial Executive at Intertrust Singapore Corporate Services Pte Ltd.
- Maintained statutory records of private and public listed companies as well as foreign companies.
- Carried out e-filings via ACRA's bizfile portal within the stipulated deadlines.
- Assisted with the drafting of board and member resolutions.
- Attended meetings of Board of Directors, Board Committees and Members and prepared Minutes of meetings.
- Assisted with the updating of statutory records of private and public listed companies as well as foreign companies.
- Assisted with the preparation of board and member resolutions.
- Prepared meeting packs for meetings of Board of Directors and Board Committees.Preparing, organising documents and attending the ad-hoc meeting, AGM, EGM, Board, AC, RC and NC for Private Limited and Public Listed Companies.
Drafting of minutes and board resolutions of directors and members.
Advising client in setting up a local company and compliance.
Manage portfolio (70 private limited companies and 3 listed companies) with minimal supervision.
Handle all the online filing with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).
Submit E-Stamping to Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Preparing, organising documents and attending the AGM, EGM, Board, AC, RC and NC.
Drafting of minutes and board resolutions of directors and members.
Assist in the incorporation and corporate secretarial work of private companies.
Handle all the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) lodgement.
Filing all the E-Stamping with Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Assist in application of employment, dependent and work permit.
Assist Administration Manager on immigration matters and insurance claim.
Renew CIBD license, staff membership and PETRONAS license.
Keep track of Company’s vehicles status and office utilities condition.
Arrange Company’s events such as Company annual dinner and team building.
Obtain quotation from office supplier, car agent, travel agent and team building organizer.
Update filing system in the departments and check staff punctuality.Travelling – Progressed half way to joining the Traveller's Century Club.
Sports - Running, Football, Squash. Keen watcher of a variety of sports.
Board support including preparing Board papers, attending Board meeting, Committee meetings and AGMs to take minutes and provide corporate governance updates.
Provide Company secretarial services to external client companies (Listed, Private and Overseas Companies) and to Capita  Group Companies.
Assist with the production of the Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of Annual General Meeting.  Help with organisation of Annual General Meetings.
Day to day responsibilities include statutory and regulatory compliance and supporting corporate transactions and board processes.
Compliance tasks include RNS announcements, Companies House filings and incorporations and maintaining registers.
Develop technical knowledge and practical capabilities through attendance at internal and external events including presenting technical updates.
Work with a number of Pension schemes across various sectors, including         consumer products, logistics, financial, media and telecommunications;.
Trustee Effectiveness Projects. Worked on a variety of projecting designing        online tools, providing analysis, written and presented reports as well as                 facilitating a discussions of the results.
Attend regular up to date external training for my department from lawyers,      auditors, asset managers and actuaries. Completed Trustee Toolkit training.  •  Cover scheme secretary. Prepare meeting packs for trustee board meetings.
Monitor industry developments, case law and legislation developments and      government policy changes.  Provide updates to the team on legislation.
Prepare proposal documents and presentations for board evaluation and           trustee effectiveness projects.
Responsible for writing and delivering e-marketing newsletter for client.
Worked on a variety of Board evaluation projects including for a number of        FTSE 250 companies. Involves designing survey questions, co-ordinating with         board members and company secretary, analysing results and interviews and         producing final reports to board members.
Monitored industry and competitor activity, corporate governance updates and       government policy changes to evaluate the impact on clients and identify    opportunities and risks.
Started and  research projects into governance within FTSE 350 firms.
Created online tool for measuring and benchmarking risk culture.
Caseworker in the Land Charges Department - Responsible for resolving written complaints and enquiries from recipients of Legal Aid with charges placed on their property. Liaised with conveyancing solicitors prior to transfers of proprietorship or equity.
ACAS (Advisory, Arbitration  and Conciliatory Service), London.
Admin for Conciliation team – Included allocating of claimant cases, data inputting via paradox, handled incoming and outgoing correspondence. Liaised closely with employment tribunals, answered queries from both parties involved in the cases and managed the transfer of cases between conciliators.
Database Admin - Involved using a variety of systems including Groupwise, Excel, Access and Oracle. Liaised with solicitor’s to help them resolve any problems relating to submissions.
Freelance Consultant – Worked on a project providing commercial due diligence.
ICSA CSQS – All modules completed all first time passes including 1 distinction and 1 Merit. All completed through self-study.
Modules Taken: Research Methods, Law and Regulation, Public Management Theories, Parties+ Parliament and Policy Making, Theories and Actors of the Policy Process, Public Policy Economic Analysis.
BSc (Hons) 2.1 degree in Economics, Politics and International Studies at the.
3rd year:  Making of Economic Policy, The British Economy in the 20th Century, Governing Britain, and International Economic Systems.
2nd year:  Theories of International Relations, Politics of Contemporary China, Economics 2, Economic Statistics and Econometrics.
1st year:  Economics 1, Learning French (Lower Intermediate), World Politics, Introduction to Politics, Mathematical and Statistical Techniques.
4 GCE A-Levels:  Economics (A), History (A), Politics (A), Mathematics (C).Senior corporate secretarial at K.A. Seah Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd.CAREER OBJECTIVE: Seeking for greater prospect and continue learning and challenging opportunities.
- Able to work under tight deadlines and in a fast-paced work environment.
- Meticulous individual with strong sense of responsibility and pro-active.
- Able to speak, read and write Business Chinese. I have experienced in handling a portfolio of China companies and attended the relevant meetings in China such as Remuneration Committee, Nominating Committee, Audit Committee and the Board meeting.
Assistant Corporate Secretariat Manager at UOL GROUP LIMITED (Listed Company on SGX).
1. Handling full spectrum of corporate secretarial duties for private and listed companies.
2. Filing of annual returns and other secretarial documents relating to the AGM. Ensuring timely and accurate lodgment of Annual Returns and Audited Financial Statements in extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2014 with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) via the BizFile in order to comply with the relevant sections of the Act (i.e. Sections 175, 197 and 201 of the Act).
3. Sound familiar with Singapore Companies Act, Cap. 50, SGX Listing Manual, Code of Corporate Governance 2012 and Statutory filing requirement.
4. Assisting in creating and updating the Standard Operating Procedures (“SOP”) and precedents for Secretariat Department in order the department have a proper guidelines to follow the procedures. At the result, to maintain a consistent quality of works. Ensuring the SOP for Secretariat practice is up-to-date and accurate and to make the necessary change, as and when there is a change to the relevant regulatory requirements or Management’s instruction.
5. Assisting with the establishment of S$1 Billion Multi-currency Medium Term Note Programme.
6. Handling the UOL Scrip Dividend Scheme (“Scheme”) including the following:-.
(i) Planning, organising and monitoring a timetable for the Scheme.
(ii) Advising and ensuring the compliance of the proposed timeline with the relevant regulatory requirements such as Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX”) and the Singapore Companies Act, Cap. 50.
(iii) Liaising with relevant parties (i.e. Share Registrar, The Central Depository (Pte) Ltd and SGX) to ensure the proposed timeline of the Scheme is being met.
(iv) Drafting the relevant announcements in relation to the Scheme (i.e. Application of Scrip Scheme to the Dividend, Notice of Books Closure, Issue Price of New Shares for Scrip Dividend, Despatch of Notice of Election; and Allotment and Issue of New Shares pursuant to Scrip Dividend Scheme).
(v) Drafting relevant Declaration forms (i.e. Forms 1, 3 and C) for Directors and Substantial Shareholders (if any) under the requirement of Section 133 of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) in relation to the Scheme.
(vi) To verify the number of shares allotted to the Directors and Substantial Shareholders arose from the election under the Scheme in order to complete the abovementioned Declaration Forms. Thereafter, to release the abovementioned Declaration Forms to public via the SGXNET.
7. Organising an Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of UOL involving the following:-.
(i) To co-ordinate with Share Registrar in respect of the CDP record, proxy forms and shareholders list.
(ii) To liaise with the Scrutineers to ensure that the electronic polls are carried out properly by the Company and to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the results of the polls.
(iii) To liaise with the service provider of electronic poll voting to verify the proxy forms and ensure that all valid proxies and their information are correctly inputted in the Trustpoll Plus system.
(iv) To liaise with Hotel’s staff to ensure the venue, seating and foods arrangement are properly put in place.
(v) To plan with proper manpower placement to assist the Company at the AGM.
• Assisting in all aspects of corporate secretarial works including the public listed and private limited companies.
• Ensure the compliance of Listing Manual, Singapore Companies Act (Chapter 50), Corporate Governance and other statutory regulations.
• Arrange, attend and record the minutes of various meetings including the Directors’ meeting, Audit Committee meeting and Nominating Committee meeting.
Tricor Evatthouse Corporate Secretarial (Formerly under PricewaterhouseCoopers).
- Attend and handle the full corporate secretarial work of clients, both listed and unlisted companies.
- Ensure the compliance of statutory requirements for the clients.
- Organise the meetings of Audit Committee ("AC"), Nominating Committee ("NC"), Remuneration Committee ("RC") and board of Directors' meeting.
- attend the above-mentioned meetings (held in Singapore and China) and shareholders meeting, prepare board papers, record minutes of meetings, draft resolutions and announcements, file statutory forms and release announcement to SGX-ST.
- Maintaining statutory record, including Members Register Book, Register of Directors, Secretaries and Managers, Register of Directors Interest and Shareholdings, Register of Substantial Shareholders, Minutes Book etc.
- Ensure timely and accurate lodgment/submission of statutory documents to relevant authorities for any event which requires such compliance under relevant laws.
Malayan United Industries Berhad (a listed company in Malaysia).
• in-house Listed Company corporate secretarial support. Handle all corporate secretarial matters of listed and unlisted companies.
• Familiar with Companies Act, Bursa Malaysia Listing requirements, corporate secretarial practice and other regulatory requirements.
• Ensure compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 1965.
• Ensure the timely submission of statutory returns with the Companies Commission of Malaysia and other relevant authorities.
• Coordinate Directors’ Meeting, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee Meeting and Nominating Committee Meeting and take minutes of the Meetings.
1.  In respect of the Company,associated companies and clients:-.
(ii) Responsible for maintaining the statutory books (including registers) and secretarial records and the preparation and submission of statutory forms and returns;.
(iii) Responsible for arranging and attending Boards and general Meeting as and when necessary and the preparation of minutes thereof, and other secretarial functions.
2.  Assist in Company formation and business registration work.
3.  Responsible for the overall office procedures which include, typing, administrative, accounting and secretarial functions as well as general correspondences.
4.  Ensure the general neatness and clean lines of the office and the assets of the Company and its associates as well as the upkeep and maintenance thereof.
(ICSA)Institute Of Chartered Secretaries & Administrative.
Major Companies Act ,Corporate Secretarial practise, Labour Law, Professional Administration.
MS Excel, MS outlook, MS Powerpoint, MS Word, Typing And Encoding.Strong analytical and economic background. Good at problem solving and  providing customer services. Like challenges. A fast learner and keen to learn. Hardworking, self-motivated and detail-oriented. Good communication, social and interpersonal skills.
Company secretary assistant [Reason of leaving: Company Restructure].
Apply share transfer for subsidiaries and intra group relief transfer of H.K. Stock.
Draft Announcement, AGM, EGM and agreement on behalf of the senior management.
Handle subsidiaries under 1217 and 8171 both H.K Company and B.V.I. Company.
Chou Ma Ma's Kitchen- Newark, CA, United States (Part-time)                                                2011 - 2014.
Assist all customers and ensure completion of all requirements.
Maintain friendly indoor ambience in restaurants and ensure pleasant dining experience for all visitors.
Serve meals following company policies and approved procedures of food safety.
Assisted in setting up steam tables, serving, and storing foods.
Newark Excellent Massage- Newark, CA, United States (Part-time)                         Jun 2012 - Aug 2012.
Answered all incoming calls and handled caller’s inquiries whenever possible -  Re-directed calls as appropriate and took adequate messages when required.
Greeted, assisted and/or directed visitors when they entered the office.
Assisted in the planning and preparation of meetings, conferences and conference telephone calls.
Issued receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers' request.
Counted money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.
Pre-arrange accommodation and transport and made sure that tour members are comfortable and satisfy.
Lead tour groups, drive coaches or limousines, advised tour members of local interest points, and prepare and present tour commentaries.
Language:  English (Fluent), Cantonese (Native), Mandarin (Fluent).
Hobbies:   Travel, Hiking, Yoga, Movies, Reading, Playing Piano and Music.Top scorer internationally for the module Law of Business Organisations in 2012.
Events Deputy Director of Investment Networking Club (2011-2012) – Led a committee of 10 in organising monthly seminars to increase the financial literacy of the student body.
Handling of client queries on collateral products (Tri-party Repo and Margin Segregation) and settlement issues, providing coverage on financing needs (Liquidity Services).
Managing a portfolio of institutional clients, preparing of client reports and providing professional support to them.
Undertaking product rollout initiatives and being the first operational point of contact for the launch of Initial Margin Segregation under new OTC derivatives regulatory requirement.
Monitoring of client credit usage and approving of credit limits to ensure risk mitigation.
Providing product training, organizing client seminars, assisting clients with operational implementations and service issues.
Maintaining strong operational relationships with clients through daily communication and on-site client service reviews.
Performing pre-matching and settlement for Hong Kong/Shanghai Connect Market.
Liaising with internal/external clients, local custodians and Hong Kong Exchange.
Monitoring trade settlement via CCASS terminals to prevent buy in.
Providing operational support for cash equity trades and preparing of stamp duties payment.
Investigating, resolving issues and enquiries related to trade processing, bookings and breaks.
Assistant Manager (Accounts Control & Reconciliation Services).
Maintaining accurate and timely review of BAU reconciliation reports.
Active involvement in assigned projects, providing user requirements and performing UATs.
Contributing on process improvements and system automation.
Maintaining and documenting reconciliation process procedures.
Improving of reconciliation service and ensuring effective reconciliation controls are in place.
Traded Products Settlements Specialist (Global Services Middle Office).
Performing processing and trade settlements for FX/MM/Derivatives/Securities.
Monitoring and performing confirmation matching for trades.
Handling of SWIFT in sending out messages and payment instructions.
Performing investigations and follow-ups to ensure timely resolution of issues, discrepancies and nostro breaks.
Ensuring control checkpoints and control gaps are identified in the current manual workflow where straight through process rate is relatively low.
Supporting all aspects of the trading desk in pre-trade analysis, inbound and outbound trade processing and overall risk management and control.
Managing the blotter and morning checks for positions and fixings.
Understanding market drivers, market moves as well as cross-asset implications.
Booking of trades in Murex and assisting in solving P&L reconciliation on issues.
Assisting with the post trade process by ensuring the accuracy of all entries and to ensure internal controls are followed.
Preparation of daily trades, position and cash reconciliations including break resolution for all open items with the brokers or clients.
Review of over the counter master agreements and confirmations to ensure proper profit and loss capture and risk management reporting.
Working with Business Analyst on a daily basis on any open issues per client and assisting in verifying test results for all in house system enhancements.
Proficient in Microsoft Office: Outlook, PowerPoint and Excel (Pivot tables and Vlookup).Setting up of companies, representative offices and branches incorporated or registered in Singapore.
Drafting of minutes and resolutions of members and directors.
Preparing the meeting paper and attendance at the Board of Directors, Audit Committee, Nominating Committee, Remuneration Committee and Shareholders’ meetings of listed company and draft minutes thereof.
Preparing of corporate secretarial documents and filing all the statutory returns and documents with the ACRA/SGX-ST to comply with the provisions of Company Act, Cap. 50. and Listing Manual.
Attending and provide support and data to the external auditors during the annual statutory audit on the client’s statutory records.
Ensuring all corporate secretarial records are kept properly and updated accurately in the statutory registers.
Providing assistance/support to senior management/legal counsel.
Performing routine administrative duties such as filing, updating, billing, redirection of mails etc.
Job scope and responsibilities: As same as current job and the following ad hoc assignment:-.
Nature of Business   : Sales of all kind of aluminum doors and glass film products  Position    : Administrative cum Sales-Coordinator.
Assisted directors to carry out all kind of administrative works.
Malaysian  Institute  of  Chartered  Secretaries Administrators (MAICSA).
Advance Diploma In Business Commerce  (Business  Management).
Advance Diploma In Business Commerce  (Business  Management).To be a professional company secretary that enables me to apply knowledge and skills to benefit the company.
Secretaries (HKICS) and The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and.
Putonghua Proficiency Test recognized by the State Language Commission of China.
Jan 2015 – Aug 2016 Tricor Services Limited - Company Secretarial Officer.
Assisted in handling full range of company secretarial duties for the companies incorporated in Hong Kong and British Virgin Islands Assisted in reviewing annual/interim reports, announcements, circular and agenda for various listed companies.
Assisted in maintaining and updating the statutory records including minute books and registers.
Assisted in handling clerical and administration duties to support the corporate service department.
Assisted in preparing and reviewing annual/interim reports, announcements, circular and agenda for the Group and arranging for e-submission of the documents to HKEx and company website Assisted in preparing statutory forms and board minutes/resolutions for Hong Kong and offshore companies to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules, Companies Ordinance and other regulatory requirements Assisted in reviewing board minutes/resolutions and statutory documents for companies incorporated in the PRC.
Liaised with various internal and external parties to organise board/committee meetings and annual general meeting.
Aug 2016 - Current  TOM Group Limited – Senior Company Secretarial Officer.
Reported to Chief Financial Officer and supervised company secretarial officer.
Assisted in drafting and reviewing annual/interim reports, circular and results announcements.
Handled full spectrum of company secretarial duties for annual general meeting including drafting timetable and liaising with various internal and external parties.
Assisted in organizing board/committee meetings including preparation of agenda, drafting board minutes/resolutions and circulation of meeting materials.
Assisted in ad-hoc projects and preparation of both English and Chinese version of announcements as required.Assist the Group Company Secretary in managing and coordinate the corporate secretarial work of the Singapore, China and Southeast Asia entities.
Preparation of directors’ and shareholders’ resolution based on Company’s Limits of Authority, Companies Act and Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association.
Maintain statutory registers and corporate records of all entities.
Liaise with external parties such as lawyers and external Company Secretaries in various jurisdiction for corporate compliance and requirements.
Keeping abreast with corporate secretarial developments and all relevant regulatory requirements and highlight to the Board of Directors from time to time.
Arrange, coordinate and/or attend board and committee meetings, general meetings and other management meetings of the Group.
Attending meetings and prepare a correct record of proceedings and matters arising after the meetings.
To communicate and inform the board of directors about the impending meetings, formulating the agendas of the meeting with the Management.
Ensure proper and timely filing of the statutory forms or returns to ACRA.
 Ensure statutory and compliance requirements of companies are met;.
 Maintenance of minute book and statutory records (e.g. minutes of meetings, resolutions, register of directors and secretaries, register of members, register of transfers and register of charges);.
 Preparation of minutes, resolutions and notices including attendance at board of directors' meetings and general meetings, if required;.
 Preparation and submission of statutory returns and other lodgments with ACRA;.
 Ensure all documents prepared comply with the requirements of the relevant authorities and Companies Act, Cap. 50.
 Ensure timely and accurate lodgments/submission of statutory documents to relevant authorities.
 Ensure that a company complies and operates in accordance with statutory and legal provisions.
 Experience of attending meetings with company shareholders and the board of directors and acting as a point of communication between them.
 Liaising with external regulators, solicitors and auditors.
Assist to draft and review Directors’/Shareholders’ resolution;.
Assist to prepare and review necessary documents required for Annual General Meeting(AGM)/Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM);.
Ensure prompt update of statutory register and document filing;.
Ensure compliance with relevant statutory & regulatory requirements;.
Perform any duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Associate Directors or Partners;.
To monitor and supervise the preparation and submission of documents to relevant authorities;.
Responsible for the scrutineering jobs for listed companies during AGM.
 Review, design and develop training and development plans, curriculum and modules to meet the needs of the organization and in keeping abreast with market best practices and trends.
 Deliver and conduct training and development programmes for the various levels of employee.
 Organise and Coordinate in-house and external training programmes and other training related activities.
 Conduct and perform training need analysis and training evaluation analysis.
 Develop and implement the annual training calendar for the organisation.
 Maintain relevant training records and track training activities of employees within the organisation.
 Prepare monthly Management Committee Meeting (MCM) reports.
 Manage training budget to ensure consistent training quality and optimum utilization of training resources.
 Undertake any other reasonable tasks/projects including facilitation of programs as delegated.
 Ensure valid procedures and work instructions are being used in accordance to ISO requirements.
 Assist Head of Group Secretarial & Compliance in preparing all documents and matters relating to Secretarial and Compliance.
 Attend Board of Directors, Board Audit Committee, Management Committee meetings and take minutes in the absence of the Company Secretary.
 Liaise with the overseas subsidiaries’ Company Secretary in relation to the statutory documents, preparation of resolutions and preparation of Board papers for the Board meetings. Eg. Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore. UK and Australia.
 Draft and prepare Board/Shareholder Circular Resolution and statutory documents as and when required.
 Upkeep and proper maintenance of the Statutory Books of the Company as required by the Companies Act.
 Prepare and co-coordinate board papers for forthcoming meetings.
 Follow-up action on matters arising from the previous meetings which required to be tabled at the next meeting.
 Assist in compiling and sorting out Board Papers from various personnel of each subsidiary.
 Prepare, arrange and organize General Meetings (Annual and Extraordinary) for Proton Group of Companies.
 Maintaining safe custody of the Common Seal and safekeeping of any legal instruments of the Company.
 Carry out directions or instructions from Senior Management or Board of Directors as per business requirements from time to time.
 Liaising with the Companies Commission of Malaysia (CCM), Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (BM), Securities Commission (SC), Lawyers, External Auditors, Stamping Office etc to ensure all documents prepared are complied with the statutory requirements.
 Ensuring that decision made or directive issues by directors are communicated to the relevant persons in charge to be implemented accordingly.
 Managing approximately 70 portfolio of clients, mostly on Sdn Bhd and one PLC.
 Ensure correct procedures are adhere to in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.
 Assist Company Secretary in the preparation and submission of statutory returns with the Registrar of Companies (ROC) as required by the Companies Act, 1965.
 Upkeep and proper maintenance of the Statutory Books of the Company as required by the Companies Act.
 Assist Company in Striking Off and Voluntary Winding-Up exercise.
 Arrange and liaise with the senior management on items for the agenda.
 Preparation of all notices of meetings and General Meetings documentation including Minutes based on the proceedings thereof and to be written accurately, concisely and in simple language for Sdn Bhd and PLC.
 Attendance at Annual General Meetings, Board Meetings, EXCO meetings and Audit Committee Meetings in Sdn Bhd and also PLC.
 Assisting Board and Company Secretary in drafting Board and Members’ Circular Resolution of recurring nature under the direction and instruction of Board of Directors.
 Make necessary announcements to Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad as and when required.
 Cold calling, telemarketing to search for potential clients;.
 Advertise for property available in the newspaper and internet;.
 Provide maintenance for office equipments : eg fax machine, copier, PC etc;.
 Purchasing of stationeries, office equipments and miscellaneous products;.
 Provide admin and secretarial support to the directors of the company eg. drafting correspondences, typing, faxing, scheduling meetings and appointments;.
 Obtaining quotation from suppliers & liaise on orders, delivery and pricing of the products;.
 Liaise with contractor, suppliers, technician etc if necessary;.
 Assist directors in preparing Tenancy Agreement, Letter of Intent and Co-Broke Agreement.
Responsible for managing and maintaining a portfolio of clients and ensure that the team achieves good standard of service including maintaining a high standard of professionalism in the department.
 Advising new clients on the procedures for registering a new entity in Singapore including Registration for GST, CR number, CPF board and the necessary employment passes for expatriate staff.
 Preparing board papers to be circulated to the directors before the meeting.
 Attending companies’ board meetings and shareholders’ meeting and drafting of minutes of meetings.
 Providing advisory services to clients in relation to the Companies Act requirement etc, where applicable.
 Preparing the following documents in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, Cap. 50.
 Incorporation of companies and registration of foreign companies or business name documents.
 Annual returns and other statutory forms to be lodged with the RCB.
 Instrument of transfer and issuance of new share certificates.
 Liaising with lawyers on the due diligence work of clients including any rectification required.
 Assisting in the application for employment/dependant pass, visa, student pass, extension of social visit pass etc with the Ministry of Manpower.
 Responsible for the scrutineering jobs for DBS Bank/ OCBCs’ AGM/ EGM and Court Meetings which involved reviewing proxy forms, preparation of Attendance Card, Poll Voting List & Slip, liaison with lawyers & IT personnel and assignment of staff to the project Involved in the PWC’s project in the Clob Shares issues assigned by Effective Capital.
 Checking passengers travel documents to ensure they are valid to travel.Address: Flat M, 23/F, Block 2, Carado Garden, Tin Sam Street, Shatin, NT.
A business Graduate who has strong interpersonal skills, problem solving techniques and capable to be a good team player.
Handle incoming mails, emails, telephone calls and filing document.
To prepare annual reports, board minutes and resolutions and organize board and shareholders' meetings.
Use telephone interview technique to collect panel public opinion data of academic and social value.
Record verbatim responses to open ended questions accurately.
Provide good customer service on handling billing enquiries / technical support enquiries.
Cooperate with other teams members to resolve customer's request efficiently.
Support cashier counter, fitting room and stock room daily operations.
Assist sales and operation activities on sales floor Meet and greet the customers, handle customers' enquiries and correspondences.
Using basic software and accurate data to construct a report.
LANGUAGE ABILITY: Cantonese (native), English (fluent), Mandarin (fluent).
COMPUTER SKILLS: MS words, PowerPoint, Excel, Chinese and English word processing.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Concentration of Marketing).Apt Blk 231 Yishun Street 21 #06-414               Mobile Phone: +65 96684201.
Industry exposure: Customer Relation; Finance and Banking; Trading, Personal          Assistant/ Secretary.
To acquire a challenging position in a professional field of significant interest, whereby my potential and education background can be effectively applied to achieve the goals and objectives of my future employer as well as myself.
May 2015 – Current Equiom Fiduciary Services Pte Ltd (Assistant Manager).
Administering portfolio of Corporate Secretarial clients.
Drafting of minutes of directors’ and shareholders’ meetings and/or directors’ and shareholders’ resolution.
Ensuring compliance with statutory and regulatory deadlines and requirements.
Mar 2010 – Apr 2015 Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC (Legal Secretary & Corporate.
Provide secretarial and administrative support to Director and senior lawyers.
Prepare legal documents and correspondences and filing of legal documents.
Nov 08 – Sept 2010  Pacific InterChem (S) Pte Ltd (Admin Executive).
Liaise with Korea and respective agents for all logistic matters.
Prepare Delivery Order, Invoice and Packing List for all shipments.
Issue cheque to respective suppliers, office utilities and rental.
Performed HR matters; payroll, CPF submission, leave, medical leave.
In charge of Director and Managing Director oversea business trips and personal matters.
Promote new products to customer base on individual’s needs  Process Fixed Deposit, remittances and cash handling.
Notify customers on events and gifts  Key in customer database.
Nov 05 – Oct 06  Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd (Personal Assistant).
Assisted manager in areas of management and general administration.Flat F, 20/F., Tower 5, Greenfield Garden, No. 1 Fung Shue Wo Road,.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate.
Master of Science in Professional Accounting and Corporate.
Preparing the relevant disclosure documents required by the.
Preparing the regulatory compliance checklist to ensure the.
Preparing and reviewing all relevant documents (e.g. memo to the board of directors, board papers) in order to comply with the Company Management Authority Manual (i.e. an internal compliance manual).
Assist in preparing Annual/Interim reports and Annual General.
Preparing and reviewing the regulatory compliance forms/documents under different jurisdictions such as Hong Kong, BVI, the Cayman Islands…etc.
Liaising with internal and external parties in order to maintain and update the statutory records of the companies.
Monitoring and reviewing the forms/documents prepared by the assistants and/or the registered agents.
Assisting for the ad-hoc assignments/projects as assigned from time to time.
 Monitoring and supervising the assistants to prepare the periodic results announcements, reports, circulars and the related documents like the minutes and notices of meetings.
 Preparation of relevant disclosures required by the Listing Rules, SFO and Companies Ordinance.
 Liaising with the clients, SEHK, lawyers, financial advisers and all relevant parties regarding the company secretarial projects.
  Assisting the Director for the ad-hoc projects and tasks as.
 Monitoring and supervising the assistants to prepare the periodic results announcements, reports, circulars and the related documents like the minutes and notices of meetings.
 Preparation of relevant disclosures required by the Listing Rules, SFO and Companies Ordinance.
 Liaising with the clients, SEHK, lawyers, financial advisers and all relevant parties regarding the company secretarial projects.
  Assisting the Director for the ad-hoc projects and tasks as.EXPERIENCE  Company Secretarial Assistant, C&A CPA Company Limited.
Handle a full spectrum of company secretarial duties for companies incorporated in Hong Kong, such as incorporation of new company, Annual Return, AGM, preparing the minutes, resolutions, appoint & resign directors, transfer shares, allotment, change company name & register office, deregistration, winding up etc.
Handle a full spectrum of company secretarial duties for companies incorporated in Offshore, for example: BVI, Samoa, Cayman, Marshall, Sychelles, Anguilla etc.
Handle non statutory matters such as due diligence on clients and opening of bank accounts, etc.
Liaise with clients, bankers and lawyers on company secretarial and compliance issues directly.
Support the Company Secretarial team in providing a full range of company secretarial documents in Hong Kong companies, e.g. incorporation, Annual Return, AGM, preparing the minutes, resolutions, appoint & resign directors, transfer shares, allotment, change company name & register office etc.
Handle a full spectrum of company secretarial duties for companies incorporated in Hong Kong, such as incorporation of new company, Annual Return, AGM, preparing the minutes, resolutions, appoint & resign directors, transfer shares, allotment, change company name & register office, deregistration etc.
Handle a full spectrum of company secretarial duties for companies incorporated in Offshore, e.g. BVI, Samoa etc.
Handle a full spectrum of company secretarial duties for companies incorporated in Hong Kong, such as incorporation of new company, Annual Return, AGM, preparing the minutes, resolutions, appoint & resign directors, transfer shares, allotment, change company name & register office, deregistration etc.
Provide administrative supports to the Company Secretary team on a regular basis.
Administrator, BestServe Financial Limited (Sunlife Insurance).
Checking reports and system letters, file matching and send-out of client correspondence.
General clerical support duties, e.g. filling, fax, photocopy.
Handling cash receipts and reconciliation, autopay and dishonour processing, DDA set-up, daily submission and distribution.
General clerical support duties e.g. filling, fax, photocopy.
Merchandising Clerk (Garment field), EXPANDING (H.K.) LTD.
Assist the Merchandiser working, data input (include: English, Chinese), follow up the samples.
Prepare some information to factory, filing, handle in/out fax.
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Accounting and Financial Management Studies.
Hong Kong Institute of Continuing Higher Education, 2011 - 2013.
Professional Diploma in Accounting and Finance (International).
SKILLS   Microsoft Office (Word, Excel & Outlook), Chinese typing, CSA.The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (MAICSA) - Studentship.
• Handle corporate secretarial work for private limited companies, such as incorporation, provide advice and ensure compliance to Companies Act, Cap 50 and filing of returns with the Registrar of Companies, maintain and update statutory registers (viewpoint) and prepare resolutions, documentations and follow up relating to documents circulated to directors and shareholders.
• Attending Board Meetings and assisting in drafting of minutes of the Meetings.
• Handle corporate secretarial work for foreign branches, namely registration of branch and update changes relating to the branch.
• Manage and co-ordinate with fellow colleagues on work-in-progress lists.
• Assisting clients on ad-hoc duties such as liaising with bank officers on opening of bank account, managing their bank account as and when needed, and etc.
• Handle corporate secretarial work for private and public listed companies, such as incorporation, provide advice and ensure compliance to Companies Act, Cap 50 and filing of returns with the Registrar of Companies, maintain and update statutory registers (viewpoint) and prepare resolutions, documentations and follow up relating to documents circulated to directors and shareholders.
• Attending Board Meetings, Committee Meetings, Annual General Meetings, Extraordinary General Meetings etc.
• Handle corporate secretarial work for foreign branches, namely registration of branch and update changes relating to the branch.
• Manage and co-ordinate with fellow colleagues on work-in-progress lists.
• Assisting clients on ad-hoc duties such as liaising with bank officers on opening of bank account, managing their bank account as and when needed, and etc.
General ad-hoc duties such as proxy verification and scrutineering.
- Handle corporate secretarial work for private and public (unlisted) companies, such as incorporation, provide advice and ensure compliance to Companies Act, Cap 50 and filing of returns with the Registrar of Companies, maintain and update statutory registers and prepare resolutions, documentations and follow up relating to documents circulated to directors and shareholders.
- Handle corporate secretarial work for foreign branches, namely registration of branch and update changes relating to the branch.
- Manage a portfolio of clientele (mainly private and unlisted public companies as at January 2008: estimated 140).
- Manage and co-ordinate with fellow colleagues on work-in-progress lists.
- Assisting clients on ad-hoc duties such as liaising with bank officers on opening of bank account, managing their bank account as and when needed, and etc.I was admitted to Graduateship of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) on 25 January 2003. Currently, I am a member of The Singapore Association of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).
I have been working in this sector from October 2004 until now and have few years experience in handling of the secretarial works in Public Listed Company, Public Company, Private Limited Company, Singapore Branch, Singapore Representative Office and Business Firm.
I was reporting to the Senior Manager of the Corporate Secretarial Department for handling the Corporate Secretarial jobs for public listed companies, private limited companies and offshore companies.
I was requiring to serve a portfolio of clients. My main duties and responsibilities as follows:-.
- keeping and updating the statutory registers and minutes book(s) of the clients in accordance with the Companies Act, Cap. 50 and Listing Manual.
- reminding, advising and preparing the relevant documents (such as resolutions in writing, directors’ meeting, general meetings, financial statements in XBRL formats and etc) and attending to submission of relevant statutory returns with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) within the stipulated deadline.
- preparing the relevant documents and assisting clients in setting up a private limited company, foreign company, business firm and Singapore representative office (“SRO”).
- advising and assisting clients on the application for striking off, de-registration of Singapore Branch and closure of business firms and SRO.
- preparing and/or reviewing the AGM checklist/timetable for public listed company.
- drafting and checking the draft announcement provided by the clients.
- drafting the notices, proxy forms and polling papers and procedures; attending the shareholders’ meetings for the public listed company as requires by the Companies Act, Cap. 50 and Listing Manual.
- reviewing the Annual Report (especially the Corporate Governance and Secretarial information as requires by the Listing Manual), draft announcement and prospectus which were provided by the clients.
- updating clients on the changes in the Companies Act, Cap. 50 and Listing Manual.
- liaising with clients, auditors, lawyers, government authorities and any others related authorities or party(ies) as and when required in completing the assignment given by the clients.
- arranging for the relevant documents to be signed before a Notary Public or the Commissioner of Oaths and authentication.
- advising and assisting clients on the applications and renewal of Employment and Dependant’s Passes with the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”).
- advising and reminding clients via email and telephone call in accordance with the Companies Act, Cap. 50, Listing Manual and any others relevant regulatory.
- advising clients on finalising the initial proceedings of the newly incorporated company including preparation the relevant documents and lodgements with ACRA.
(i) preparing and broadcasting the announcements to SGX-ST via SGXNET.
(ii) drafting, preparing and/or disseminating the notices, discussion folders, attendance sheets and minutes of the committees and board meetings as requires by the Companies Act, Cap. 50 and Listing Manual.
(iii) liaising and coordinating with the suppliers on the quotation, printing and delivering of the envelopes and proxy forms for the AGM to the mailing house in order for them to send out the Notice of the AGM, Annual Report, Proxy Form and Prospectus to the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the timetable. (only for those company which is incorporated in overseas and listed in Singapore Stocks Exchange and they have no manpower in Singapore to assist on the matter).
(iv) checking and/or reviewing the compliance checklist which was prepared by the clients.
I was requiring to assist my Assistant Manager in servicing a portfolio of clients. My main duties and responsibilities include the following :-.
- keeping and updating the statutory registers and minute books of clients (these are required to be maintained under the Companies Act, Cap. 50 and Listing Manual).
- preparing the relevant documents and attending to submission of relevant statutory returns with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) in time on behalf of the clients.
- assisting in the drafting of minutes and resolutions for board and shareholder meetings.
- preparing the documents for the setting up of companies, branches, business firms and representative offices.
- liaising with clients, auditors, lawyers, government authorities and others related authorities.
- advising clients on the matters according to the Companies Act, Cap. 50, Listing Manual and others relevant regulatory through email or telephone.
- submission of relevant documents for authentication by the relevant authorities and embassies.
- application and renewal of Employment and Dependant Passes for clients.
Preparing all the documents required concerning the following matters :-.
13. Appointment, Resignation, Change of particulars of Directors, Manager, Secretaries and Auditors.
23. Preparing Directors Circular Resolution, for example opening of bank accounts, banking facilities, deed of warranty and indemnity, appointing legal/corporate representative, change of bank signatories, renewal of tenancy agreement, investment & sales of shares in other company etc.
24. Extraordinary General Meeting, for example disposal of assets and liabilities,.
3. Key in sales order, arrange for on time delivery & installation.
20. Liaise with supplier on timely delivery & mode of payment.
21. In-charge of daily operation of services and sales department.
27. In-charge on departmental non-inventory items stock taking & prepare monthly report.
Corpporate Secretarial Skill, MS Office, Presentation Skill.Student membership of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Passed subjects : Strategic and Operations Management, Hong Kong Taxation, Hong Kong Corporate Law, Corporate Governance, Corporate Administration and Corporate Secretaryship.
Handle full range of company secretarial matters of more than 200 HK and offshore companies.
Communicate with local and overseas clients and advise clients on company secretarial matters.
Contact with bank officers for bank accounts opening and other related matters.
(holding the company secretarial and administrative function).
Provide clerical and administrative support to the company.
Bachelor of Social Science with Honours, Second Class Lower Division.
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook), CSA program.
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook), CSA program.A Company Secretary, having extensive knowledge of secretarial and statutory provisions. Excellent soft and organizational skills, with drive and enthusiasm to deliver. Keen to find an invigorating position with an organization that offers opportunities for learning, career development and advancement.
Responsible for the group companies, ensuring business operates in accordance with all statutory and legal provisions and maintains standards of good corporate governance. Carried out all aspects of company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities.
Organizing, preparing agendas for, and taking minutes of the company.
Organizing and coordinating meetings for board of directors and shareholders.
Preparation of annual report, director’s report and corporate governance report.
Change of registered office of the company from one place to another.
Conversion of public limited to private limited company and vice versa.
Drafting, negotiating and reviewing of various legal documents viz. sale deed, purchase deed, power of attorney, lease deed etc.
Active participation in assignment planning and preparation of audit program.
Liaising with Government authorities, external regulators, solicitors and auditors.
Participation in the finalization of financial accounts of the company and filing of with the company registry in XBRL mode.
Management Trainee - CitiFinancial Consumer Finance India Limited.
Worked as a management trainee as per requirement of The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI).
Preparation of notices, agenda & minutes for the general, board and committee meetings.
Participated in the preparation of annual return of the company.
Preparation and filing of various returns related with NBFCs viz. ALM, NDSI, Branch offices return and submission to The Reserve Bank of India.
Assisted in the preparation and maintenance of statutory registers.
Preparation of legal documents e.g. power of attorney, affidavit etc.
Assisted in the creation, modification and satisfaction of charges, preparation and execution of debenture trust deed & other related documents.
Assisted in the merger of two group entities of CitiFinancial India.
Working as a volunteer to help with various tasks important to functioning of the organization.
Assisting in discovery into Indian regulations for the India arm of the organization.
Good knowledge of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, Hong Kong Listing Rules, Securities and Futures Ordinance, offshore companies, company secretarial practice and Indian Companies Act.An efficient and competent company secretary assistant; I am able to ensure compliance and operation according to statutory and legal provisions.
Excellent organisational skills, methodical with an eye for detail, well presented, I am keen in finding challenging secretarial position with a successful and ambitious company that offers opportunities for career development and advancement.
Corporate Secretarial Executive at Vistra Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Limited. (Previous).
1) Co-ordination and Administration of Corporate Secretarial Duties.
2) Assisting in Maintenance of Company Kits, drafting and passing of resolutions.
2) Handle Corporate Secretarial matters, preparation of resolutions and minutes, managing and maintaining secretarial records and registers.
4) Timely Bizfiling of company changes and annual returns with ACRA.
5) Maintaining and updating of statutory records and clients database.
6) Providing client support through phone and email correspondences.
7) Notarisation of documents, draft announcements and organise meetings.
1) Handle a portfolio of corporate secretarial matters for clients’ company independently.
2) Preparation and reviewing of directors’ resolution and preparation of materials for meetings (minutes recording, drafting of resolutions, etc.).
3) Lodgment of statutory returns with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).
4) Handle incorporation of companies and registration of foreign businesses.
6) Liaising with Accounts & Audit department to ensure targets are met.
7) Oversee and manage the statutory records of a portfolio of Singapore private limited companies and limited liability partnerships independently.
1) Handle a portfolio of corporate secretarial matters for clients’ company including preparation and review of directors’ resolution and preparation of materials for meetings (minutes recording, drafting of resolutions, etc.).
2) Lodgment of statutory returns with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).
3) General administrative work including filing and any other administrative work.
1) Perform manufacturing operations per production schedule in compliance with cGMP requirements, Safety rules and objectives.
2) Performing pharmaceutical operations and the ability to escalate problems for any module (e.g. Pharmaceutical unit operation such as chemical subdivision, Single Layer and Bi-Layer compression, High Shear granulation, Film Coating, Roller Compaction or Bulk Chemical unit operations such as Centrifugation, Filtration, Drying, Distillation, Milling, Crystallization, etc.).
3) Support the start-up and launch build activities for a pharmaceutical Manufacturing Facility Installation Qualification and Operational Qualification documents as required.
2) Assisting institution for team bonding session through sports climbing.
4) Ensuring that the gym/counter is maintained in an orderly manner.
5) Screening & responding to incoming correspondence, inquiries & phone calls.
9) Other reception and general day to day administrative duties.
2) Maintaining and creating records for incoming shipments as well as verifying information against bills of lading and checking all information and documentation to ensure absolute accuracy.
3) Using Completions Management System (CMS) called Completions Connect to check CC Number.
4) Scanning ITRs to be uploaded into database, and file them according to sub-systems and modules.
5) Oversee management of day-to-day office activities such as procurement of stationeries, pantry items etc.
1) Welcome guest at lobby, escort to reception counter, escort guest to room.
3) Farewell guest at lobby, thank them for their patronage and wish them a pleasant stay.
4) Acknowledge guest inquiries and provide information or assistance.
5) Direct guest and visitor to function area or hotel outlets.
6) Stand by at lobby to greet the VVIP guest check in or for VIP function.
7) Coordinates with other hotel department to handle guest complaints.
9) Assisting Business Center to request for guest signature on internet invoice.
Compliance, Corporate Law, Lotus Notes, MS Office, Record Keeping.
Chinese Workplace Literacy (Listening) - Level 2 - Competent.
117A Jalan Tenteram, #28-507 Tenteram Peak, Singapore, 321117,.I would like enter in your company and be a part of a team. I like to share my knowledge and skills for the company's continuous development and to expand my horizon.
Corporate Secretarial Executive / Administrative Assistant at Audit Firm.
Full spectrum of Corporate Secretarial function like Company incorporation, striking off, various changes in the Company, preparation of resolutions, office/administrative job, e-stamping, XBRL knowledgeable and Bizfile filing with ACRA.
720 #06-620 Woodlands Avenue 6, Singapore 730720, Cainta, 730720,.Exposure to the Companies Ordinance and Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Assist in SFC licensing applications and ongoing compliance formalities;.
Assist in company secretarial matters of the board to the pro bono organization of the firm, duties such as arranging regulatory filings, organizing and attending to board and committee meetings, drafting and circulating board and members resolutions;.
Draft investor representation letters and audit comfort letters.
Nord Anglia Education. (NYSE: NORD) - Hong Kong    July 2014- June.
Exposure to the Companies Ordinance, offshore Business Acts and New York.
Conducted legal researches on issues relating to the business and operation of the Group;.
Assisted on due diligence/KYC matters of merger and acquisition and financing projects;.
Assisted on insurance global policies matters and liaise with the brokers; o Drafted and reviewed consultant agreement of the group;.
Handled filing and renewal of all companies’ licenses/business registration certificates, regulatory documents and other necessary notifications and coordination;.
Assisted in organizing board and board committee meetings; o Prepared and draft legal documents and correspondence, reports and statutory forms;.
Arranged for signature, completion and filing of agreements, minutes and contracts  and record keeping;.
Liaised and coordinate with other departments and external legal counsels; o Handled and led the set up of online document management and induction presentations;.
Arranged of billing and payment invoice processing and ensure of all invoice approvals; and.
Handled all ad hoc projects of the team and any administrative assistance.
Exposure to the Companies Ordinance, HK Listing Rules and offshore Business Acts.
Engaged and assisted in listed assignments such as: preparation of announcements circulars, annual and interim reports;.
Ensured compliance with listing requirements and Companies Ordinance;.
Handled for regulatory compliance of private companies and limited partnerships registered under different jurisdictions;.
Handled other non statutory matters such as due diligence and ad hoc projects; and •  Communicated with clients and government authorities.
Honors Bachelor of Arts Major: Sociology, Minor(s): Media Studies and History.Simei Green Condominium,     ■ Quick Learner and logical thinker.
Street# 4, Simei, Singapore 529862    ■ Customer focussed and Proactive.
Over 7 years of experience in Corporate Secretarial Services, Client liaison and public relations.
Managing the department in the current organization and providing corporate secretarial services to over 800 clients across the globe.
In-depth experience in areas related to Company Incorporation, Registration of branch, Representative Offices etc.
Dedicated and committed, capable of taking challenging roles, tough assignments and work in tight deadlines.
Mohan Management Consultants Pte. Ltd., formed in the year 1990, is the sister concern of the audit Firm “Natarajan & Swaminathan- Certified Public Accountants”.  It has a strong client base of over 800 companies which includes trading, shipping, fund management and companies carrying out construction businesses.
Spice Group of Companies, Air Mauritius, Jet Airways, HCL Technologies, OBS Restaurant Group, Polaris Software Lab Limited, Mustafa Group of Companies and Mphasis Pte. Ltd. are the major clients to name a few.
Incorporation of Private Limited companies and registration of Foreign Branch, Representative offices and Businesses.
Set up and advise on the procedures to register Private Limited Companies, Representative offices and branch offices of established Indian and US Companies.
Liaise with the Directors and Financial controllers of established business houses in India and other countries.
Assist in setting up of Fund Management companies in Singapore.
Independently handling of the clients since their enquiries till the registration of their entities in Singapore.
Assist the clients to open Bank Accounts with Local & Foreign Banks in Singapore.
Maintenance of Company Statutory Registers, Minutes Books and other statutory requirements.
Administration of all filing requirements with ACRA, Advisory on Corporate Secretarial matters.
Prepare resolutions and minutes for directors' and shareholders' meetings.
Filing information and required returns with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ("ACRA") using the Bizfile electronic filing system.
Assist the directors with the compliance of their statutory duties.
Preparation of monthly compliance reports for the companies.
Obtain Central Registration Number for import and export business in the Republic of Singapore.
Counselling clients who seek admission to various professional institutes across India.
Maintenance of all necessary official records ,vouchers and registers.
Interacting with media regarding publication of advertisements in all leading newspapers on a regular basis and issuing of release order for the same.
Conducting interviews for the appointment of staff at the entry level.
Periodical interaction with the management of the various institutes regarding availability of seats in various courses.
Counselling students regarding various computer courses and convincing them for admissions.
Communicate with media for timely publication of advertisements in all leading newspapers.
Maintenance of all necessary financial records and receipts.
Maintenance of the salary accounts of all the faculties and staff.
2011 Currently pursuing the Corporate Secretaryship - The Singapore Association of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA). Have already cleared 3 papers.
1998–2001 B.Com (Accountancy Hons.), B.J.B. College, India.Nationality: Malaysian - Singapore PR (in-principle approval).
Dedicated and committed professional looking to make a sound position in a dynamic organization and challenging environment to work enthusiastically in a team to achieve organizational goals with devotion and hard work.
Multimedia University (MMU) | Bachelor of Business Administration (Banking and Finance) | 2nd Class (Upper) Honours | CGPA Score: 3.44 | Graduated 2012.
High School Batu Pahat (HSBP) | Malaysian Higher School Certificate (STPM) | Graduated 2007.
Tun Aminah National Secondary School | Malaysian Certificate of Education (SPM) | Graduated 2005.
1) Client Services Manager – Share Registry Services, Supervisor | Boardroom Corporate & Advisory Services Pte Ltd [Jan 2013 – Present].
Provide Share Registry Services to Corporations, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Business Trusts and Stapled Securities listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited (SGX) (“Clients”).
Manage and coordinate with external parties to support for large blue-chip clients Shareholders' Meetings – Attendance Registration and Poll Counting.
Process Corporate Actions such as REITs Distribution, Rights Issue, Cash and Scrip Dividend Scheme, Capital Restructuring, Share Placement, and Cash Offer.
Liaise and work with Depository Agents ("DAs") on disclosure of beneficial interests requested by clients and handling tax declaration and notice of election forms submitted by the DAs for the purpose of REITs distribution income.
Contact with Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited and The Central Depository (Pte) Limited (“CDP”) on shareholding matters.
Process correspondences for clients and shareholders such as replacement of lost or outdated   dividend cheques/certificates, share transfers, CDP deposition and proxy votes for General Meetings.
Respond to shareholders, proxies, DAs and public enquiries.
Participate in User Acceptance Tests (UATs) to assist in the review and streamlining of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and workflows to identify opportunities for continuous improvement.
Process daily settlements and monthly reports for Unit Trusts.
Assigned to Consumer Sales and Distribution (CSD) channel in CIMB Consumer Banking and attached to CIMB Preferred Banking.
Received soft skills learning and development as    well as coaching from supervisors on the overall business functions within the organization, such as banking operations, front-line and middle-office managements and various transactions; knowledge of bank compliance and regulatory requirements; understanding of bank operating or delivery systems, knowledge of banking products and services such as fund management products, foreign exchange, bonds, equities, derivatives and financial structures, etc.
Assisted Relationship Managers (RM), Customer Service Officers (CSO), Service Ambassador, and other bank officers by engaging with clients to provide fundamental sales supports and appropriate customer services.
Dean’s Awards for Academic Achievement, Faculty of Business and Law (FBL) in:-.
Participated in the annual Job Week events by completing tasks given by the public and collecting donations, with the positive mindset to help and contribute to the society.
Organized events such as school camps and excursions to the national parks as a member of the Girl Guides’ committee in school.
Planned logistics and enrichment activities such as school competitions and workshops as a committee member, with the objectives to ensure that the events went on smoothly and achieve the club’s intended aim to bring about a closer cohesion between members.
Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook (Intermediate).
Travelling – I travel to different places to move out of my comfort zone, to gain different kinds of experience and exposure to different kinds of cultures and to get to know different kinds of personalities that other people have.
Reading – I enjoy reading to reduce stress, to bring an immense sense of inner peace and tranquillity to myself, to improve my focus and concentration and equip myself with new knowledge.
Pamela Chew | Associate Director | RHT Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd. | Known for 4 years | +65 6381 6965 / +65 9655 5521.
Lim Choo Huey | Assistant Vice President, Capital Finance, KYC Services | HSBC Singapore | Cousin | +65 9710 7963.Corporate Secretarial Associate at Intertrust Singapore Corporate Services Pte Ltd.
University of College Dublin, National University of Ireland, Dublin.
BizFinx XBRL, Corporate Affairs System (CAS), Microsoft Office Applications.Associate Member of The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (MAICSA).
Responsible for corporate secretarial matters of Changi Airports International Pte. Ltd. and its group of companies.
Ensuring timely submission of all requisite forms, returns and documents to regulatory bodies.
Preparing agenda and coordinating meetings of Board of Directors including minutes taking.
Filtering proposal papers for Board of Directors’ meetings to ensure compliance with the required standards of good governance and compilation of these papers into Board meetings files for submission to Directors.
Preparing Directors’ Resolutions in Writing and follow through the entire process until approvals are obtained.
Reviewing the Constitutions of Changi Airports International Pte. Ltd. and its group of companies to ensure compliance with the requirements of the new Companies Act.
Working closely with professional service providers in relation to statutory compliance with ACRA.
Liaising with foreign professional service providers in connection with corporate secretarial matters and statutory compliance in foreign jurisdictions.
Providing comprehensive governance and corporate secretarial services to the entire Alliance Banking Group and continually reviewing developments in corporate governance. Alliance Bank’s substantial shareholder is Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited.
Heading a team of 8 personnel managing Alliance Banking Group’s corporate secretarial matters.
Ensuring good practice of Board procedures is followed and compliance with applicable rules and regulations of regulators.
Coordinate, organize, prepare agenda and ensure the smooth running of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ meetings of Alliance Banking Group including minutes taking, sourcing of venues, refreshment and logistics arrangements.
Establishing, maintaining and reviewing Board and Management Committees’ Terms of Reference.
Production of high quality Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ proposal papers on timely basis.
Compilation of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ proposal papers and filtering them to ensure compliance with the required standards of good governance before tabling these papers for approval.
Providing comprehensive support to Directors both as individuals and as a collective Board including non-executive directors.
Supporting Group Company Secretary in giving guidance to Board and Committees on matters of procedure and conduct, including identifying conflict of interest and contributing to meetings discussions, as and when required.
Ensuring proper update as well as safekeeping of all statutory records, books, forms, documents etc.
Ensuring compliance with statutory/regulatory requirements and the timely submission of all requisite forms, returns and documents to regulatory bodies.
Application for the appointment and renewal of directors with Central Bank of Malaysia.
Liaising with regulators such as Central Bank of Malaysia, Companies Commission of Malaysia, auditors, lawyers, organizations in the banking industry such as Asean Finance Corporation, Financial Mediation Bureau, Rating Agency Malaysia etc.
The key person in implementing paperless Board and Board Committees’ meetings.
As the Support Risk Officer of Group Corporate Secretarial in Alliance Banking Group’s Compliance & Operational Risk Management (CORM) Framework which covers areas such as Compliance, Operational Risk and Business Continuity Plan.
Member of the Project Team in the formation of Alliance Islamic Bank Berhad.
Established the in-house Company Secretarial Department and in-charge of the company secretarial matters of the group.
Preparing and attending Board and Management meetings as well as following up on matters arising and ensuring they are resolved timely.
Re-organized the HR & Admin Department for better efficiency and maximize resources.
Managed the group’s administrative matters such as company’s insurance scheme, telephone system, up-keep of office building, security, stationery, etc. including liaising with suppliers.
In-charge of human resource matters in overseeing the preparation of payroll, recruitment, liaising with authorities such as Employees Provident Fund (EPF), Social Security Organisation (SOCSO), and Inland Revenue Board etc.
Sourcing and application of banking facilities for the group.
Providing company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies, multi-national companies and foreign branch office.
Supporting the lawyers on corporate restructuring matters.
Handling administrative matters of Corporate Secretarial division.
Prepare proposal papers for proposed projects of the company.
Provide company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies and public listed companies.
Coordinate, organize, prepare agenda and ensure the smooth running of Board, Board Committees’ and Management Committees’ meetings.
Organize Board meetings as well as Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings of public listed companies.
Ensure billing and collection budgets of company secretarial department are met.
Established the in-house company secretarial department of the group with more than 30 companies.
Reorganize the filing system of company secretarial matters of the entire group of companies.
A member of the project team in the proposed listing of the company on the Second Board of Bursa Malaysia.
Application for Manufacturing License for a subsidiary company.
Providing company secretarial and corporate advisory services to private companies, public listed companies, multi-national companies and foreign branch office.
Assisting in the preparation of Handbook – Company Secretarial Practice in Malaysia (First Edition) published by MAICSA.
Preparing and attending Board of Directors’ meeting, Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting of private companies and pulic listed companies and minutes taking.
Application for Manufacturing License and Pioneer Status.
Application for Representative Office and Regional Office.
Assist clients in application for Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC) status.
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, UK (ICSA).Studentship of HKICS (Studying Company Secretary courses).
Zall Development (HK) Holding Co. Ltd              (subsidiary of Zall Group- HK stock: 2098).
Provide support to operation and Liaise with various vendors (including office supplies, insurance, office renovation and landlord for contract renewal etc;).
Handle employee MPF, employee medical, and office insurance.
-     Handle Mr. Chairman’s personal companies, banks, personal issues. (Including but not limited, settlement of funds, immigration investment, etc).
Prepare the drafts of board resolutions; shareholder resolutions.
Communicate with external company secretarial services for updating and/or collecting any statutory docs (such as certificate of incumbency, annual return, etc).
Provide assistance in company incorporation (Hong Kong local or BVI).
Harmony Universal Asset Management Ltd. licensed in Hong Kong to carry out SFC Type4&9 regulated activity.
Set up a new, well-organized and well-equipped office for the shareholders in a short period of time.
Prepare first draft of meetings minutes, reports and other correspondence, etc. to internal and external stakeholders.
Coordinate and set up high-level conference calls, board and management meetings, and travel arrangements for top executives.
Serve as liaison for the CEO with Executive team and staff members: Obtain appropriate clearance on all documents, and follow up on action items to ensure completion by target date.
Arrange payment of MPF and payroll for AXA and staff on a monthly basis.
Management office (including but not limited to settling office rent, MGT fees and rates),.
-    Provided comprehensive secretarial and administrative support to the chairman/founder of the company.
-   Well arranged & organized the chairman 's daily schedules, business appointments, personal events, social  events and travel arrangement.
-   Liaised & assisted in meeting, projects & company activities with internal and external parties to ensure effective communication and smooth daily operations.
-    Handled excel reports, daily IPOs summaries, Dealogic reports, Market Caps reports.
-    Handled hotline voice messages of inquiries and complaints.
-    Prepared and organized HKEx biggest events, such as HKEx Cup Race, LME, and HKEx anniversary.
-    Coordinated event logistics, including registration and attendee tracking.
-    Liaised with internal departments / event organizers / worldwide offices on event information.
-    Coordinated event logistics, including registration and attendee tracking.
Master of Business Administration, Roosevelt University, Chicago, IL USA  GPA: 3.62/ 4       (May 2012).
Bachelor of Science Degree (Marketing), Winona State University, Winona, MN USA              (Dec 2008)._________________________________________________________.
Full-time Contract Job in King & Wood Mallesons as Company Secretarial Administrator from June 2016 to Sept 2016.
Acting as the team secretary and provide clerical support to the company secretarial team;.
Responsible for administrative secretarial work, issuing invoices, maintaining control lists, updating the database;.
Full-time Job in Habitat for Humanity Hong Kong as Administrative Officer from Dec    2015 to May 2016.
Manage daily office operations i.e. operation flow as well as administrative duties including staff and volunteer support for the Hong Kong office;.
Support human resources activities including, but not limited to:.
Employment documentation (e.g. employment contract, internal approval papers, leave record management etc.) and collect on-boarding materials;.
Compensation and benefits administration (i.e. insurance, MPF, etc.).
Recruit and manage volunteers to support ongoing office and department functions.
Coordinate vendor management, office maintenance, messenger and mailing, incoming phone    calls, email inquiries and other administrative functions;.
Schedule and maintain seminar diaries and support travel arrangements as needed;.
Support in application matters such as e.g. Visa, entry permit, practicing certificates, etc.;.
Other responsibilities as supervisor or CEO deems necessary or appropriate.
Full-time contract jobs with below legal firms from July 2013 to July 2015 due to family  issues:.
Administrative duties (including record maintenance, update contact list, invoicing,.
Large amount of legal research daily on trademark registration status in Hong Kong and PRC.
Assist in Application for registration of a trademark and checking the CTMO trademark journal.
Large amount of email correspondence daily between clients and trademark agencies.
Assist the event team with organizing CPD seminars, settle up the event, print outs and greeting clients and all CPD related matters towards Law Society of Hong Kong, coordinate CPD accredited course applications, filing reports and maintain CPD records.
Assist with handling legal documents (mainly mark-up and track changes).
Maintain and coordinate the schedules of fee earner, providing support with travel and accommodation planning and other ad-hoc assignments.
Full-time Job in Sterling Private Management Ltd as Administrative Assistant since July 2012 to June 2013.
Maintain and coordinate the schedules of team members, providing support with travel and event planning, organize and/ or schedule meetings and conference calls.
Administrative duties (including information & systems management: record maintenance, update contact list, filing and handle invoicing and other basic office financial tasks.
Support team members with research and/ or short writing tasks and other ad-hoc assignments.
Full-time Job in the Law Society of Hong Kong as Administrative Assistant to Mediation Co-ordinator since July 2011 to May 2012.
Assist the Mediation Co-Ordinator in his day-to-day administrative responsibilities included:.
handling enquiries (written and oral) in relation to mediation;.
Full-time Job in Lim & Company as Legal Secretary/ Conveyancer from Dec, 2009 to May, 2010.
Prepare legal documents such as sell/purchase properties, China notarizes documents, Power of Attorney.
Collect information from other legal organizations, property management companies and clients.
Full-time job at Susan Ann Tong Notary Public as Legal Assistant from Dec 2007 to Dec, 2009.
Prepare Legal documents such as selling properties and China notarizes documents.
Greeting customers and provide professional customer services.
Certificate of Mediation Training by The Accord Group, Australia, Oct, 2011.
Achieved Grade Two, Level B on Putonghua Proficiency Test, Mar 2015.
Can read, write, type and speak fluent English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
Microsoft Office, Window Words, Microsoft Power Point and Excel, Desksite, Elite 3E.
CSA Expert, CTMO search, HKIPD search, Land Registry Search, Company Search, Bankruptcy and Winding Up Search.
Expect Salary: $17,000 to $18,000 (HKD) per month or negotiable.I am willing to work in a dynamic, challenging and growth oriented Company that allows me to utilize my knowledge and experience to contribute for the growth of the organization. Confident, dependable, secretarial professional with wide array of skills and progressive experience in office management.
I am highly initiated and self-motivated in learning new skills. Besides that, I am able to work in team as well as independently. With good communication skills, I am able to build good relationship within and outside the organisation.
Corporate Secretarial Executive at Tristar Management Services Pte Ltd.
- Handle a portfolio of local private limited companies and branches of foreign companies independently.
- Manage all corporate secretarial work related to my portfolio including preparing necessary documents/resolutions, annual general meeting and board meeting.
- Bizfiling, updating statutory registers, liaising with clients.
- Liaise with and advise clients on company formation, annual compliance and on-going company administration matters.
- Exceed client expectations and maximize client retention through excellence in communication, expectation management, care and service.
- Attend to strike off, termination and cessation of services and return all statutory records to clients upon clearance by management.
- Perform customer due diligence and ongoing customer monitoring pursuant to the ACRA (Amendment) Act 2014 .
- Attend to client's enquiries, instructions and emails promptly.
- Attend to strike off, termination and cessation of services and return all statutory records to clients upon clearance by management.
- Managing the corporate secretarial portfolios of clients.
- Prepare minutes of board meetings, AGM, EGM and circulated resolutions of Directors/Shareholders, and all other required documents in accordance with the requirements of the company's memorandum and articles of association and the Companies Act, Cap. 50.
- Ensure proper filing of all legal documentation and maintenance of corporate database - ACRA ebiz filing.
- Prepare and send reminders to client on AGM deadlines and follow-up and submit application for extension of time for holding AGM to ACRA within the stipulated time.
- Assisting in apply employment pass and dependant pass from MOM when requested by client.
Update the related records in minutes book, member registered book, share certificate book when necessary.
Mainly deal with the oversea client (Europe region), as the company is one of the biggest aluminium extruder.
Maintain existing client, and also looking for new potential client.
Receive purchase order from client, provide quotation....
arrange the transport (selecting related logistic company that suited the date and time of arrival, arrange all the related to be valid).Bachelor of Finance- Australian National University (ANU) ( Feb2012- Jul2015).
GCE A-level diploma– Queen Ethelburga’s College( Sep2009-Jul2011).
Junior high diploma- GuangDong Country Garden School (Sep1998-Jul2007).
Quick Leaner, able to work independently, capable to handle multi-tasks, well organized.
Report to Deputy Chief Representative of HongKong, Managing Director of Key Project Investment and Executive Director of fund raising. To provide secretarial support and financial analysis.
Assist Deputy Chief Representative of Hong Kong in all ad-hoc assignments, including corporate, business and investment related activities, tasks and projects which include liason,coordination,scheduling, monitoring, research and analysis projects.
Assist the Executive director of Fund raising through conducting research of the targeted company, forecast related statistical data and future performance.
Organize and manage Executive director’s calendar and appointments. Arrange and coordinate internal and external business meetings and social events.
Assist the Managing director of Key Project Investment Team in setting up company valuation, including industry analysis,.
ANU IDiscount Student Community (2013-2014)- Head of Event Organizing Department.
Duke of Edinburgh International Leadership silver Award (DofE) (2010-2011).
ISO9001 Quality Management Systems Certification (ISOQAR)(2009-2010).
Queen Ethelburga’s College (2009- 2011)– General Student Prefect.
Queen Ethelburga’s College (2009- 2011) –Chancellor of House.
GuangDong Country Garden School (2007– 2009)- Promotion Committee.
Member of French fellowship – Social interaction with French-speaking members to share common interest, culture and language of French. (2012-2013).Assisting in account opening, billing, and expenses claims.
Scheduling appointments and managing travel arrangements  –  Performing audio-typing.
Provided database support, maintain merchant’s profile and prepare.
Provided support on data input & vet the merchants’ information by verifying the website / PartnerNet / mobile and collaterals etc.
Prepared merchant highlights for promoting Hong Kong quality services to Mainland China.
Assisted in “Hong Kong Summer Fun”, one of the biggest projects of  -.
Initiated and conducting a report of the operation of Hong Kong.
–  Bachelor of Social Sciences with Honours in Politics and Public Administration.
Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education Examination (HKDSE).
Proficient PC knowledge in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel (VLOOKUP, Pivot table etc.), PowerPoint.
Proficient PC knowledge in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel (VLOOKUP, Pivot table etc.), PowerPoint.Preparing related documents for formation of business entities in Singapore and various jurisdiction.
Drafting of minutes and resolutions of members and directors i.e, general meeting, allotment of shares, transfer of shares, appointment of directors/secretary, striking off, etc.
Liaise with internal and external partners, accountants, auditors, notary public and agencies in relating to corporate secretarial matters.
Provide daily administration and secretarial support to 3 lawyers in Corporate (Equity Capital Management) department in relation to IPO related work.
Manage all lawyers’ calendars, contact lists, expenses claims, travel and accommodation arrangements, organizing conference calls, documentation, presentation materials, etc.
Provide daily administration and secretarial support in Corporate and Corporate Secretariat department.
Assist in formation of Singapore business entities, maintain statutory records, ACRA  statutory filing, organize board and shareholders’ meetings.
General office administration duties e.g. IT support, backup receptionist, manage library books, etc.
Responsible for staff reimbursement and computation of commission.
Responsible for quarterly profit and loss analysis in particular for office expenses.
Responsible for client account transaction and co-ordinate with auditor for yearly auditing.
Co-ordinate with accountant for monthly closing, year end closing, quarterly GST submission and  tax matters with IRAS.
Arrange job-advert placements, co-ordinate recruitment interviews, candidate screening, conduct job interviews, involved with candidate selections and preparing HR related letters e.g. appointment, termination, resignation, confirmation etc.
Application, renewal and cancellation of Employment Passes, Work Permits and related passes for foreign workers.
Conduct orientation program and exit clearance for resignation and termination.
Administer staff performance appraisal, payroll and leave records and staff insurance and medical benefit.
Application and renewal of lawyer practicing certificate and patent agent practicing certificate.
Perform e-filing of GST, NSmen make up pay claims, government-paid maternity leave claims, SDF and SRP claims, etc.
Liaise with Malaysia office on HR, accounts and administration matters.Highly motivated individual with good work ethic seeking to expand my knowledge and skills, and to gain employment with an organization that promotes growth, stability and opportunity for advancement.
Assist in corporate secretarial portfolios, ensuring compliance with standard financial and legal practice.
Prepare board/shareholders resolutions, minutes and other corporate documentation.
Maintaining statutory books, including registers of members, directors and secretaries.
Monitoring changes in relevant legislation and the regulatory environment and taking appropriate action.
Application / Renewal of work pass with the Ministry of Manpower i.e. EP / S Pass etc.  Train and guide assistants.
Preparation of board/shareholders resolutions, minutes and other corporate documentation  Maintaining statutory books, including registers of members, directors and secretaries  All other corporate secretarial and ah-hoc jobs.
Application / Renewal of work passes with the Ministry of Manpower i.e. EP /S Pass etc.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel and Power point, AExeo System and Bloomberg.
Possess good written and oral communication skills complemented by strong.
Organized and meticulous, with demonstrated ability to manage workload and meet deliverables.
Strong ability to adapt to new environment and willing to learn to enhance professional.
Experienced in the corporate service industry for more than 4 years with ability to work effectively under pressure.
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University (RMIT), Singapore.
Module and Project Group Leader for various modules throughout all the academic years in Ngee Ann Polytechnic.
Had been a student helper in Ngee Ann Polytechnic Business and Accountancy Open House 2006.
Calculation and update of Net Asset Value for allocated funds.
Perform daily and monthly reconciliation for funds i.e. cash/dividend/market value.
Research on corporate actions for dividend, stock splits, mergers, acquisitions and spinoffs.
Valuation analysis on equities, private placement, bonds, OTC etc.
Liaise with all parties to the fund in a professional manner (client, investment managers/ advisors, auditors, custodians).
Registration Act, and Key Features of the Enhanced BizFile System.I am a mature, proactive and diligent individual who always strives to achieve the highest standard possible at the tasks assigned to me. I am meticulous in my work and have developed an analytical mind as well as a well-tuned problem solving skill set in my current role as a legal and compliance assistant. I am also an open-minded and cooperative team player with excellent coordination and communication skills who is able to work with various personalities.
Associate role in Legal & Compliance team and provide senior secretarial support to the office.
Review and amendment of vendor contracts including those related to PIMCO’s corporate events, sponsorships, licenses, IT systems, HR contracts and other general service agreements.
Settle legal invoices for APAC offices through CounselLink and advise law firms on their enquiries as the sole contact point.
Upkeep and management of the company’s legal and regulatory records database, including but not limited to IMAs, DAs, SFC licenses and regulatory meetings and correspondence.
Supporting aspects of institutional take on process such as verification of authorized signatures, coordinating and processing IMA amendments, LCD intranet upload, execution of documents, etc.).
Arrange for the benchmark change of client accounts, draft account termination letters and provide other back-end support for client accounts.
Maintain PIMCO’s intranet website including updating/uploading PIMCO’s fund fact sheets and internal legal newsletters.
Coordinate and handle all SFC licensing applications/filings including but not limited to  (i) applications to the SFC for appointment of new representatives, (ii) cessation of representatives, (iii) notification of changes in personal particulars of representatives, (iv) annual return of PIMCO and (v) the annual returns of each licensed representative of PIMCO.
Manage and coordinate regulatory exams and both internal and external audits including the provision of logistical support for the regulatory exam teams and internal stakeholders of both PIMCO Hong Kong and PIMCO Singapore.
Review and comment on standardized business marketing materials from a regulatory perspective.
Coordinate and handle filings for PIMCO Singapore to MAS, including notification to MAS of appointment of representatives, application for new joiners, changes, cessation of representatives, changes in personal particulars of representatives, and annual declaration of nil misconduct report.
Coordinate with Finance and Business to prepare and submit the monthly financial returns (FRR) to the SFC.
Instruct PIMCO’s corporate secretarial agent for the settlement of corporate secretarial matters, upkeep of statutory records, and the arrangement for execution of work documents.
Upkeep of regulatory records for colleagues’ professional training.
Provide advisory support on G&E and S&D enquiries and requests for approval.
Provide executive level secretarial support to the General Counsel of PIMCO APAC and Head of Business Strategy APAC.
Work closely with Regional Office Manager on various projects (ie. office renovations, mentor and coach junior Administrators).
Organize conferences and road shows from conception to reconciliation which includes event preparation, budget management, ticketing, hotel booking, execution onsite, staff management and attendees’ control.
Work as a Visitor Coordinator for PIMCO Asia offices by providing full spectrum travel and logistic support to Visitors across the globe.
Manage the client registration process to include RSVPs, vetting, confirmation note mailings and general queries.
Liaise with hotels and maintain hotel rooming lists. Handle queries related to hotel bookings/UBS room block.
Liaise with the design agency on conference website updates.
Support the project manager on areas related to signage and premium sourcing for the conference.
Asia Pacific branch in HK to support the headquarter in Miami, USA.
Operate the help desk support to General Agents and Internal Clients.
Handle all incoming inquiries from Taiwan via email, live chat and hotline enquiries and complaints.
Experiencing difficulties & complaints with products & services provided.
Responsible for maintaining, checking & processing payments in relation to products & services provided. Establish checklists for better internal controls in relation to these payments.
Work closely with other department to proactively seek effective solution to solve problem-solving payments or funding.
Ensure client database are properly and adequately maintained.
Trained in various outlets in the Food & Beverage, Catering Department.
Legal documentations and preparation work for Civil Celebrant.
Legal documentations for Hong Kong Tennis Association – Hong Kong Tennis Open Year 2014 and 2015.Address: Flat C, 10/F, Block B, Grandview Garden, 71 Pau Chung Street, Tokwawan, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Skills: Ms Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Express, CSA and Viewpoint Administrator.
The Open University of Hong Kong – Master in Corporate Governance (2014).
The Open University of Hong Kong - Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration (2009).
Taking care of company secretarial tasks to the listed group companies and to ensure compliance with the statutory requirements;.
Organizing board meetings, committee meetings and general meeting;.
To assist in preparing of announcements, circulars, interim and annual reports;.
To maintain statutory records of the group companies (i.e. Hong Kong, BVI, Bermuda, Cayman Island and PRC companies); and.
Taking care of company secretarial tasks to subsidiaries of Swire Properties Limited (Stock Code: 1972), especially in PRC Joint Venture projects, to ensure compliance with the statutory requirements;.
To assist in preparing documents for merger, acquisition, amalgamation, s45 application, put option, disposal and restructuring of subsidiaries of Swire Properties Limited and etc;.
Translate directors’ resolutions from English to Chinese and vice versa;.
To maintain statutory records of the group companies (i.e. Hong Kong, BVI and PRC companies); and.
Taking care of company secretarial tasks to the listed group companies to ensure compliance with the statutory requirements;.
Organizing board meetings, committee meetings and general meeting;.
To assist in preparing announcements, circulars, interim and annual reports;.
To maintain statutory records of the group companies (i.e. Hong Kong, BVI, Bermuda, PRC and Macau companies); and.
1 November 2010 – 18 January 2011 (Short term contract basis).
Taking care of company secretarial tasks to the listed group companies to ensure compliance with the statutory requirements;.
Organizing board meetings, committee meetings and general meeting;.
To handle group organization changes and restructuring transactions and to update and maintain company information and group charts.
To maintain statutory records of the group companies (i.e. Hong Kong, BVI, Cayman Islands and PRC companies).
providing full spectrum of company secretarial duties and statutory compliance work to international and local clients and preparing documents for incorporation of Hong Kong and BVI companies, registration of non-Hong Kong companies under the Companies Ordinance, share allotments and transfers as well as intra group transfer (s.45 stamp duty relief), preparing annual returns and annual general meeting papers, altering Articles of Association, deregistration, updating statutory records and other routine secretarial matters.
Updating Principal Share Register using CSA System (listed company) and using Viewpoint and/or CSA (private company), including first or subsequent issue and allotment of shares (including warrant, exercise of options, placement, right issue and etc), transfer of shares, removal of shares, capital re-structuring, pre-IPO capital re-structuring and etc;.
Attending correspondences and emails with Principal Share Registrar in Bermuda, Cayman Island, the Company Branch Share Registrar, Share Transfer Agent, Shareholders etc., checking relevant documents, preparing relevant correspondences, updating of Share Register (Register of Members) and issuing share certificates;.
Preparing Annual Government Fee and Annual General Meeting documents annually; and.
Arranging advertisement of book close notice and preparing fax/letter to clients giving standard advice on announcement of annual/interim results and billing.
Report to Assistant Director, Conduct; handling Notification of Changes to a Practice of the Hong Kong law firms non-professional staff and Employee Return; updating relevant databases; liaising with law firms if any problems rising under the Practice Directions of Hong Kong;.
Handling and vetting Authorized Clerk application and deletion;.
Handling enquiry from various Government departments, organization and law firms; and.
Preparing correspondences to various Government department, organization and law firms.
Insignia Group – Insignia Brooke (HK) Ltd -- International Real Estate Service.
Position – Clerical Assistant (Advisory Service Division).
Providing secretarial, administrative and clerical support to a team of Professional Chartered Surveyors;.
Preparing contract, report, proposal and tender documents; and.
Handling incoming call, meetings and travel arrangements; handling incoming, outgoing correspondences and maintaining filing systems according to ISO 9001 requirements; updating relevant databases.
Assisting a Law Clerk provide secretarial, clerical and administration support for five Government Counsel. Such as filing, typing, photocopying, fax, scanning, phone call handling, fixing and update hearing records;.
Arranging for the legal documents to be filed with the Court of First Instance/Court of Appeal/ Court of Final Appeal (“Courts”), according to the Courts procedures/practice directions and Companies Ordinances; enquiring information and conducting Court searches; and.
Drafting order for the Courts approval; preparing bundles for hearing; conducting company and land searches.
Position – Office Assistant and Clerical Assistant (Traffic Index).
Assisting Immigration Officer preparing correspondences;.
Photocopying, fax, opening files, indexing enclosures and filing.Assist the director in drafting fee proposals for different types of cross border structures, including trust structures.
Attend client/intermediary meetings and networking events.
Develop and maintain excellent relationships with high net worth private and corporate institutional clients.
Maintain excellent relationships intermediaries (e.g., banks, law.
Liaise with relevant parties to ensure the on-boarding documents are in order.
Manage applications of business registration and updating of the  statutory records and performing timely lodgments with Singapore  Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) and/or  offshore registry.
Incorporation of Singapore companies, preparing and drafting of board resolutions and minutes of meeting.
Assist in the establishment of new trust structures and transfer of existing trust structures.
Coordinate meetings for client with their preferred bank for account opening.
Manage the bank account opening process for the client and ensure all required documents and due diligence are in order for submission to the bank.
PROFESSIONAL   Attend to client enquiries and execute instructions promptly.
Maintain new business pipeline and prepare internal reports to keep track of new business revenue on a monthly basis.
Handle ad-hoc and other daily office administrative matters.
Business Development Executive (May 2013- Dec 2015) Business Development Role:.
PERSONAL   Understand client requirements and acting as client key interface.
Assist in drafting fee proposals for different types of cross border structures, including trust structures.
Coordinate meetings for client with their preferred bank for account opening.
Develop and maintain excellent relationship with client and.
Facilitate presentations, both local and overseas (i.e. Shanghai,.
Well-equipped with knowledge of Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) AML regulations and adhering to the requirements to achieve high compliance standards at all times.
Facilitate client on-boarding process and coordinate documentations from client to ensure compliance with relevant rules and regulations.
Ensure promptness and efficiency in the on-boarding process.
Key point of contact for on-boarding matters, including communication with clients, intermediaries, internal operational and compliance team on anti-money laundering (AML) related matters to ensure completeness of due diligence and statutory documentations.
Assist in incorporation of Singapore and Offshore companies, including preparation of pre-incorporation documents and resolutions.
Manage the bank account opening process for the client and ensure all required documents and due diligence are in order for submission to the bank.
Receive and execute clients’ instruction in a timely and accurate manner.
Close follow ups with counter-parts and/or intermediaries (e.g.
banks, law firms, tax advisors, relevant authorities etc.) to ensure no delays in clients’ request.
Maintain new business pipeline and prepare internal reports to keep track of new business revenue on a monthly basis.
Rotation between 6 departments to understand the operational aspect of the business and company in general, which includes the following departments:.
Provide fundamental support in all aspects of client service, client relationship building, portfolio maintenance and assist the business activities.
corporate fiduciary services industry for four years now todate. Since then, my interest has always been in the business development, wealth and corporate structuring space in providing the right solutions for clients. I enjoy meeting new people and building good rapport as I believe relationships is the key. I love outdoor and traveling too. Currently pursuing my LLB.
intermediaries (e.g., banks, law firms, family offices etc).
Arrange & attend client meetings, both local and overseas (i.e. Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Jakarta).Room 1009, Fuk On House, Ka Fuk Estate, Fanling, New Territories.
Energetic and resourceful person with 3+ years’ experience in handling company incorporations, secretarial work and administering over 800 local and offshore companies in a multicultural environment, with high proficiency of English and Chinese, being able to work independently and as a team under a high volume of work.
Current salary: HKD18,400/ month plus discretionary bonus.
Handle full range of company secretarial, corporate compliance and related assignments for over 800 local & offshore companies.
Prepare resolutions/minutes, statutory documents and filing.
Issue certificate of incumbency and arrange issuance of certificate of good standing.
Handled company secretarial, corporate compliance and related assignments for over 100 local & offshore companies.
Gali Klinik Limited (focusing on Fresh Cell Therapy in Germany).Diploma Business Studies in Accounting-College Tunku Abdul Rahman.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access and Power Point.
o Preparing and drafting Board resolutions and minutes of meetings.
o Managing applications, renewals and cancellation of business registrations and updating of statutory duties.
o Providing other corporate secretarial administrative duties.
o In advises incorporation of companies, register of branch office , representative office.
- Preparing and drafting Board resolutions and minutes of meetings.
- Managing applications, renewals and cancellation of business registrations and updating of statutory duties.
- Providing other corporate secretarial administrative duties.
a. Issued cash disbursement journal, cash receipt    journal, general journal by MYOB.To apply what I have learnt in my past experience and excel in tasks assigned to me. This is to serve and participate in the organization’s growth and success. I would also love to learn, grow and gain more experience. However, my main objective is to excel in my career.
Incorporation of Singapore Companies and Offshore Companies.
Responsible for handling Corporate Secretarial work (i.e.
drafting resolutions, updating registers of companies, lodgment with ACRA, E-Stamping).
Handling phone calls and attend to clients’ needs Preparation of Directors’ resolutions, Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary Meetings.
Liaison between client and accountants/auditors/tax agent/bankers, etc.
Responsible for handling Corporate Secretarial work (i.e. drafting resolutions, updating registers of companies using viewpoint and CAS system, lodgment with ACRA, EStamping).
Handling phone calls and attend to clients’ needs Preparation of Directors’ resolutions, Annual General.
Handle Citizenship / PR / EP / DP / Entrepass Application Liaison between client and accountants/auditors/tax agent, etc.
Preparation of Directors’ resolutions, Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary Meetings.
Responsible for handling Corporate Secretarial work (i.e.
Filing and documentation of invoices and other admin duties.
Promote Company’s newly launched mobiles’ plans, Cable TV plans and Internet plans.
Client Management Manager TPS Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.E: guptagarima2510@gmail.com | M: +65-94853956, +65-85051947 |Location: Singapore.
________________________________________________________________________________________.
Garima Gupta is a Chartered Accountant from Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), having 5 years of overall experience in area of Accounting, Corporate Secretarial & Taxation, Credit/Financial Analysis, Monitoring and Compliance.
________________________________________________________________________________________.
Corporate Secretarial: Corporate secretarial matters, Incorporation, striking-off company, Client advisory, ACRA/IRAS filling, Documentation & Reporting.
Accountancy: Financial Reporting, Cash flow statements, balance sheet, P&L statements, bank reconciliation, GL and compilation of financial statements.
Banking: Credit/Financial Analysis, due diligence, credit risk analysis, Corporate Loans, Secured lending, Billing/Credit Collections, loan recovery, credit rating analysis, disbursement and monitoring.
Microsoft Office: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, (V-lookup, pivot table etc.).
Others: Enterprise Management Systems like Core Banking System and PeopleSoft (HRMS), CLASS for loan processing & RAM for risk assessment.
________________________________________________________________________________________.
Raffles Group of Corporates, Singapore as Accounts & Corporate Secretarial Executive.
Incorporation of Companies, handling of corporate secretarial matters, preparing resolutions, share transfer documents, minute books, statutory registers and ACRA Filing.
Computation and filling of Corporate Tax, GST, ECI, withholding tax and filling with IRAS.
Advising clients on business transactions, such as liquidation, Strike-off and capital structure.
Provide administrative support in holding AGMS, EGMs & preparing necessary documents.
Liase with IRAS and ACRA to ensure statutory compliance with rules and regulations.
Stay updated on relevant developments and changes in company laws and taxation laws.
Managing and mentoring junior colleagues, guiding &overseeing their work.
Central Bank of India (Public Sector Unit) as Relationship Manager                     April 2015-October 2015.
Responsible for the administration and efficient daily operation of a full service branch office, including banking operations, lending, product sales, customer service, and security and safety in accordance with the Bank's policy & objectives.
Develops new deposit and loan business & adhere to targets, budgets and meeting deadlines.
Provides a superior level of customer relations and promotes the sales and service culture through coaching, guidance and staff motivation being a team leader.
Achieves individual and branch sales goals through new business development, sales, referrals and retention of account relationships.
Assess local market conditions and identify current and prospective sales opportunities by meeting clients.
Generating new business both in face to face meetings and over the phone.
Responsible for canvassing loans (mortgage loans) to prospective business firms, assessing credit requirements, undertaking credit appraisal along with potential and techno economic viability of the proposed project/unit.
Monitored all credit requests and approved and disapproved it after analysing it.
Pre-sanction Site inspection and Due diligence of the borrower and its key persons.
Verifying KYC’S, CIBIL reports, history /background of units and its other associates.
Analyse the risks and credit worthiness of accounts with moderate to high exposure.
Analysis of CMA Data and Balance Sheet, ratio trend analysis, cash flow analysis and other financial statements of the borrower and processing of Corporate Loan proposals.  ·.
Prepared loan presentations and analysed credit for various financial statements.
Performed various long and short forms credit audit as required.
Participated in various loan committee meetings for company& consortium meetings of Companies.
Monitoring of sanctioned loan accounts and assuring compliance of sanctioned terms by borrower.
Review of new and existing portfolios & coordinated with technical experts on all large and complex loans.
Recommend specific terms and conditions assigning credit limits and risk ratings.
_______________________________________________________________________________________.
Chartered Accountancy (CA) from Institute of Chartered Accountants of India(ICAI).
Bachelor of Commerce (B.COM – Honours), Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), Delhi University India (2007 -2010).
Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers (CAIIB) from Indian Institute of Banking & Finance (IIBF).
Life Insurance Corporation Insurance Advisor from Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority.
________________________________________________________________________________________ARTICLESHIP & INTERNSHIP.
Represented firm on a variety of audit assignments comprising of tax audit and internal audit of small and medium sized companies, major being Unicon Securities, Unicon Fincap, Unicon Commodities, Religare Enterprises, Bharti Vidhya Bhawan and Inder Construction. Major activities:.
Prepared tax return of corporate and non corporate assesses.Email address: clareli0305@gmail.com      Mobile: +852 6209 2531.
Home Address: Flat E, 26/F, Fu Dat Court, Fortress Garden, 32 Fortress Hill Road, North Point, Hong Kong.
Languages: Cantonese: Native; English: Fluent; Putonghua: Proficient.
Current Salary: HKD29,200; Expected Salary: HKD36,500 (Negotiable).
Jun 2011-    Supervisor, Corporate Services Department, Tricor Services Limited, Hong Kong.
Present                Handling listed companies work including preparation of annual reports, interim reports, results    announcements, annual general meetings circulars and notices.
Preparing meeting papers for board meetings, committee meetings, general meetings for.
Handling full spectrum of company secretarial work for private and offshore companies.
Handling 3 listed companies and more than 350 private and offshore companies over the.
2013-2015         M.Sc in Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance (Corporate Governance.
Modules: Corporate Governance; Economics for Business; Financial Management; Law.
Relating to Business and Companies; and Advanced Taxation, Business Ethics for Professional.
Accountants and Company Secretaries; Companies and Securities Regulations and Practice; Corporate Accounting I; Corporate Accounting II; Corporate, Employment and Business Law; Human Resources Management; Strategic Management and Business Policy.
2008-2011         B.Sc in Social Sciences (Major in Economics) (First-Class Honour) - Lingnan University (Obtained).
Modules:  Introduction  to  Economics;  Intermediate  Microeconomics;  Intermediate.
Macroeconomics; The Hong Kong Economy; Economics of the Family; Chinese Economy;.
Economics of Culture and Creativity; Introduction to Quantitative Methods in Social Sciences;.
Labour Market and Education Policy; Hong Kong Society; Economics of Taxation and Transfer; Money and Banking; Environmental Economics; China, HK & the World Economy; Economics of Law and Public Order.
2010  International English Language Testing System (IELTS) – Grade: 7/9.
Rotation among Customer Services Team, Media Team and Project Team Assisting in external communication and daily administrative work.I am an outgoing, people oriented person who is at my best in dealing with people from all walks of life. I am also a hardworking, proactive and goal oriented person regularly working extended hours in order to get the job done on time, within budget and with good quality.
Provide all-rounded secretarial and administrative support to CEO and senior managements.
Handle travel arrangements & hotel bookings for senior managements & company clients.
Record expenses, manage driver’s and bodyguards’ schedules and related matters.
Salary : 28k Reason for leaving : Company requested to move to Xiamen.
• Maintain Daily Operations at front desk. Main duties include check-in, check-out, handling Chinese guests, site inspection.
Provide all-rounded secretarial and administrative support.
Closely liaise with internal and external parties to ensure smooth business operations.
Identify, anticipate and prepare information, documents required by senior / top management for meetings, appointments, presentations, events and Company activities.
Handle Director’s social / personal engagement and travel schedules.
Salary: 22k Reason for leaving : Moved to Korea temporarily for family reasons.
Provide all-rounded secretarial and administrative support.
Closely liaise with internal and external parties to ensure smooth business operations.
Communicate with different government departments for arranging social duties (E.g. Kowloon City District Junior Police Call).
Participate and assist in organizing all company and Director’s social events such as Annual dinner of the Hong Kong Kowloon City Industry & Commerce Association Limited.
Maintain Daily Operations at the Executive Club Floor, Business Center and Meeting Rooms.
Ensure a superb, high-quality and high-standard service is delivered to guest.
Register & check-out guests. Provide exceptional guest service in an efficient and professional manner. Escort guests to assigned rooms and introduce hotel and room facilities according to the hotel standard.
Organize hotel functions such as wedding, seminars and annual dinners.
Maintain Daily Operations at the Executive Club Floor. Main duties include check-in, check-out, personal secretarial service, meet & greet important guests, site inspection, room show, hotel tour, prepare amenities for special occasions, monitor daily operations of the Club Lounge.
Organize hotel functions such as wedding, seminars and annual dinners.
Vabien Suite II Serviced Residence & Hotel,  Seoul,  Korea                     Jul 2011 – Apr 2012.
Handle accommodation for Embassy clients. From Room-show, Sales, Reservation to catering all their needs during their stays.
Maintain Daily Operations at the Front Desk. Main duties include check-in, check-out, accounting and customer service.
2005-2011        The Open University of Hong Kong Honorable Degree in Bachelor of Arts in Language and Translation.
Public Examination Results Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination (2003).
1.  6th Annual Lions Club Environmental Awareness Debate Competition - 1st Runner-Up.
2003     Pok Oi Hospital Chan Kai Memorial College Chinese Story Writing Competition – Champion.
Skills: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, English Word Processing (70 wpm), Chinese Word Processing (50 wpm).
Voluntary work, creative writing, reading, basketball, dancing.SAICSA Courses  : Executive Diploma in Corporate Administration (“EDCA”).
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (“ICSA”).
Computer  : Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint.
JP Morgan Chase Bank (Singapore Branch) - (July 2011 to current year).
Provide secretarial and administrative support, assistance to the Company Secretary for Singapore and Malaysia companies on secretarial matters including Board and Committee meetings;.
Keep Authorized Signature Lists of Singapore and Malaysia entities up to-date, review and attend to change of authorized signatories request in a timely manner;.
Attend to general queries and requests for authorized signature list, signing authority, secretary certificates, power of attorney, business profile and corporate information, etc.;.
Review request forms/documents and ensure all approvals have obtained for issuance of authorized signatory list, secretary certificate and power of attorney, affixation of common seal and update records;.
Liaise with Notary Public and Corporate Agent for notarization and legalization of documents;.
Prepare statutory forms for change of directors, arrange for signature, bizfile with ACRA within deadline and ensure registers are updated;.
Provide support, organize and arrange for directors’ training/briefing including preparation of training schedule, directors’ attendance, training materials, reservation of boardroom and liaise with Multimedia for setup of the equipments for presentation;.
Filing, scanning and maintain all corporate documents, including statutory records and information and placed properly in shared drive;.
Engage with team members, share or exchange information/updates or problem solving where necessary;.
Have on-going discussion with the Company Secretary and collect feedback for improvement and development;.
Attend to on-going secretarial matters and ad-hoc duties assigned;.
14. Provide secretarial and administrative support on Board and Committee Meetings for Singapore and Malaysia companies as follows:.
Co-ordinate, schedule and organize Board and Committee meetings and send out meeting invites to Directors and Presenters;.
Reservation of meeting room for Board meetings and liaise with Multimedia for setup of teleconferencing for the meetings;.
Prepare board materials including board papers,  agenda, attendance list, board dividers for Board and Committee Meetings;.
Collate and review all the board papers against the board agenda to ensure papers received are in all order, compile into board packs and circulate to Directors and Committee Members;.
Liaise with corporate agent on preparation of board resolution and arrange for Directors’ signatures;.
Prepare Annual General Meeting, Extraordinary General Meeting including notice of meeting, consent to short notice, minutes, proxy form and certificate for appointment of corporate representative, etc;.
Liaise with corporate agent for preparation of statutory documents, Annual Return and XBRL and bizfile with ACRA within deadline;.
Review, update changes to the authorized signature list and tabled at board meeting for Board’s approval;.
Provide Board’s attendance list to Human Resource for payment of.
Review and check invoice received from corporate agent and forward to Finance to process payment;.
Co-ordinate and attend to request for corporate documents for audit purpose; and.
1. Reporting to Company Secretary and provide secretarial and administrative support including:.
Co-ordinate, collate and review all board papers, compile into board packs, make copies and circulate to Board of Directors and Committee Members;.
Prepare board materials including board agenda, attendance list, board cover and dividers;.
Drafting and preparation of Board and Shareholders’ Resolutions and extract of Board Resolution;.
Release of SGX announcements and fax the statutory accounts to SGX;.
Prepare XBRL and bizfile all information with ACRA such as Annual Returns, Minutes of Annual General Meeting and Extraordinary General Meeting, change of registered address, increase in share capital, allotment of shares, etc within deadline;.
Prepare Annual General Meeting, Extraordinary General Meeting including notice of meeting, consent to short notice, minutes, proxy form and certificate for appointment of corporate representative, etc;.
Prepare Annual Report including Corporate Governance report, Corporate Structure, Shareholdings Statistics, Notice of Annual General Meeting, checked and finalized for printing;.
Update the authorized signature list for any update/change of authorized signatories and update the banks;.
Issue share certificates, affix common seal and update registers;.
Safekeep and maintain proper filing of all corporate documents and update records;.
Provide corporate and administrative support and attend to ad-hoc duties as assigned.
1. Reported to the Company Secretary, provide secretariat and administrative support and performed secretarial duties:.
Preparation of Board Resolution for Directors and Shareholders, Annual General Meeting, Extraordinary General Meeting including notice of meeting, consent to short notice, minutes, proxy form and certificate for appointment of corporate representative, etc;.
Preparation of board materials including notice of meeting, attendance list, board cover and dividers;.
Co-ordinate, collate and compile all board papers and organize into board pack and circulate to the Board of Directors;.
Maintain and keep all statutory registers, minutes books, share certificates and secretarial files up to-date;.
Attend to bizfile transactions including preparation of statutory forms, Annual Return, Minutes and filing with ACRA within deadline;.
Preparation of share certificates, affix common seal, safekeep and update records;.
Liaise with corporate secretariat firms on secretariat matters including incorporation of company and liquidation of company;.
Attend to auditors’ request for corporate documents for audit purposes;.
Performed secretarial and administrative duties as assigned.
Staying Organised – A course for Secretaries and Administrative Assistants.Incorporation of off-shore companies (BVI, Cayman, Samoa and Seychelles).
Support the Taiwan and Singapore office for incorporation deals.
Keep proper record of filing (AR, AGM, Minutes and resolution…etc).
Assistant to Business Development Manager in difference project (difference licensing search).
Assist an event management (eg. Co-ordinate of  Yacht show in oversea and on-site seminar arrangement).
Administration work of the office (Travel Arrangement, leasing agreement).
Sino-Ocean Land (HK) Ltd – Temp. P.A to Director (part –time)  May 22 – 31 Dec 2012.
Offshore Incorporations Limited – Senior Formation Officer  Apr 2008 – Mar 2012.
Direct report to Assistant General Manager (Formation Department).
Providing support to Sales teams to follow up any special request.
Adobe System Hong Kong Ltd – Accounting Administrator  Feb 2005 – Feb 2008.
Company Move Project (co-ordinate with our Security Access & Facility Team).
General Admin. Support for new comer – briefing on company policy and company’s cards handling.
Co-ordinates and facilities business travel plan and arrangements.
Schedule appointment; organize meeting, conferences and video conference.
Providing full spectrum of secretarial and personal affairs.
Taking full ownership of all administrative and supporting functions such as office equipments, supplies purchasing and maintenance.
Liaise with other branch in Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai and Japan for the logistic and sales issues.
Providing full spectrum of secretarial and personal affairs.
Taking full ownership of all administrative and supporting functions such as office equipments, supplies purchasing and maintenance.
Liaise with supplier in Singapore/ Jakarta and subsidiary company in Vietnam.
Hewlett Packard HK Limited – Temp. Secretary    Dec 2000 – Mar 2001.
Prepare agenda, reports, proposal and presentation materials.
HK Parkview Group (FBM Marine Int’l Ltd) – Admin. Secretary May 1997 – Sept 1998.
Peter Sound Holdings Limited – Marketing Asst.    Feb 1996 – Mar 1997.
Cathay Pacific Airways – Airport Service Officer    Jan 1995 – Feb 1996.Effective communication skills and good interpersonal skills.
Diligent, self-motivated and willing to work under pressure.
06/2013 – 08/2017   Apex Corporate Services Limited, Company Secretarial Assistant.
Annual General Meeting, Change in Particulars of Directors,.
Handle banking matters, for example, cheque issue and telegraphic transfer.
Provide clerical and administrative support to the department.
Good command in spoken and written Cantonese, English and Mandarin.
Proficient PC knowledge in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Handle store operation, for example, maintain tidiness of display and stock counting.
Assist to maintain the park operation effective and efficient manner.
Assist to maintain the activities in effective and efficient manner.
Handle store operation, for example, transaction & change and promote special products.