Ensure compliance to financial guidelines according to standard, corporate governance and other regulatory requirements.
Develops, maintains, initiates and revise policies for the general operation.
Review contract agreements and procedures to prevent illegal, unethical or improper practices.
Prepare quarterly regulatory reporting for Asia Pacific Countries (APAC).
Participate in Risk & Compliance related projects and initiatives for APAC.
Assists, oversee and supports compliance related projects.
Ensure that the organisation complies with the requirements of the operations compliance/program.
Coordinate and communicate with respective HODs in APAC to ensure smooth User Acceptance Testing and Risk Control Self-Assessment (RCSA).
Review, initiates and supervise all grassroots financial transactions and its related activities to prevent fraudulent, unethical, or improper conduct.
Provide expertise advice and guidance to the COs in handling grassroots accounts and financial procurement matters with the reference of latest People's Association (PA)’s financial guidelines/ procedures.
Educate staff with the good practice and recommends area for improvement to tighten grassroots financial procedures at the COs.
Preparation of monthly checklist and audit reports to ensure that the audit observations are recorded down for staff to rectify before the commencement of Internal/External Audit Checks.
Provides reports on a regular basis, and as directed or requested, to keep the Group Constituency Director, Constituency Director, Deputy Constituency Director, HQ and senior management informed of the operation and progress of compliance efforts.
Monitor the audit observations of the respective COs and relates activities on a continuing basis, taking appropriate steps to improve its effectiveness.
Consults with HQ Finance Roving Team or relevant Division as needed to resolve difficult legal compliance issues.
Develops & plan a briefing session, upon requested or directed, to share our audit observations or any financial updates internally.
Check financial statements prepared by the Accounts Officers/GRO Treasurers to ensure accurate preparation of GROs accounts.
Liaise with both Internal and External Auditors to resolve accounting issues.
Collation and organizing of event packs, name badges and programs.
Plan, coordinates and participate in all efforts to set up the event.
Keep inventory of backdrops, banners, corporate materials and other display materials.
Coordinate event logistics, including registration and attendee tracking, meetings and corporate materials support and pre- and post – event evaluations.
Coordinate, monitor event timelines and ensure meeting arrangements run smoothly.
Up-keeping of marketing expenses invoices into shared drive.
Microsoft Office, with Excel functions such as vlookup and pivot table.
Intends to pursue ICA Diploma in Governance, Risk and Compliance.Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank SA (via Alan Allman Asia)              Singapore.
Participate in a Periodic Review project of Middle Office and undertake Client Due Diligence to meet timely documentation review.
Assist the respective Relationship Managers and Front Office in various jurisdictions to collect and verify KYC documentation such as Certificate of Incorporation and Passport/ID copies of Directors.
Adhere to local requirements in Singapore such as MAS Notice 626, to collect the Unique Identification Number and identify the connected parties of the bank customer.
Adhere to local requirements in Hong Kong such as HKMA Guideline, to obtain the Certificate of Incumbency, Ownership Chart and List of Authorized Signatures with Certified True Copies of all documents.
Investigate the shareholding structure of the Counterparty up to Beneficial Owners (25% / 10%) based on A2, B and C risk ratings.
Access various Type 1, 2 and 3 documentation sourced from the Securities Exchange Commission, National Futures Associations and Bankers Almanac to retrieve proof of regulation as well as the Wolfsberg Group Anti-Money Laundering Questionnaire or swift code of Banking or Non-Banking Financial Institutions.
Collaborate closely with Relationship Managers, Controllers and Financial Security Officers to complete the timely Periodic Review of the Counterparty up until Next Review Date.
Case Management Analyst, Org ID                            21 December 2015 ~ 31 January 2017.
Performed due diligence in the APAC/ EMEA/ USA jurisdictions via Salesforce platform to develop and process KYC requests within the agreed SLA.
Defined complex entity structures including SPV, Trust and Fund in order to obtain its related documents such as AML Representation Letter as well as Trust Deed/Letter of Authority.
Investigated PEP/ Negative Media/ Adverse Information/ Sanction of End-Client via screening checks on World-Check system to ascertain full or potential matches against the World-Check list.
Participated in an on-going South African remediation project to establish KYC profiles as well as engage in client outreach.
University of Otago                                                  Dunedin, New Zealand Bachelor of Commerce, Class of 2015.
Relevant Coursework: Economics / Accounting / Finance / Statistics classes.
Technical Skills: Proficient in World-Check, GoldTier, Eikon, Salesforce, Lexis Nexis and KIWIS.
Achievement: Appointed as the Learning Champion and proxy Team Leader for South African project in Thomson Reuters Org ID.Citizenship: Singaporean                                 Contact Info   : 8511 7534(Mobile).
Strongly embedded with the Asian values of commitment, respect, discipline and collective growth.
Handling a project whereby high-risk customer will be remediated as per MAS request. In house system will be used to make sure client does not have AML/CFT adverse news on them or on their related parties. (Case Checker).
Perform periodic KYC/AML reviews (High/Moderate/Low) on clients.
Liaise with RM to get relevant documents from clients and make sure CDD is complete for clients who is on-boarding/trigger/periodic review. (Case Maker).
Screen through clients' profile to make sure the clients has no involvement with any adverse news.
Provide AML advisory support for business units in performing AML risk assessment . Help business units to better understand the regulations/compliance guidelines on how each case risk rating is being determine.
Keep abreast with latest AML related Policy & Procedures given by Compliance to better advise/support the business units.
handling a project, to remediate clients’ information by using in-house system like Detica and bank wifici to do KYC/AML on clients.
Liaise with documentation team and RM to get documents from clients and update into the database.
To extract data from worksheets &/or reports for distribution to Business Officers and Middle Office for follow up actions in obtaining customers’ information.
To update clients’ database by preparing instructions of change and providing supporting documents if any.
Bachelor degree in Economics and Finance (SIM-RMIT)               2013-2015.
Diploma in Business Computing (Republic polytechnic)                  2007-2010.Home Address: Block 523A Tampines Central 7 #02-73 Singapore 521523.
Highly independent and adaptable in diverse cultural environment.
Opening of new accounts and credit facilities documents for Private Trust Clients’.
Re-papering of accounts and credit facilities from other bank which DBS brought over.
Liaising with Assistant Relationship Manager (ARM) through emails and calls from Dubai, Hong Kong and Singapore for clients’ documents and important reports.
Scanning through Trust deeds and preparation of asset contributor.
Adhoc emails from BMS and PB-CCU for voice logs and retrieving of clients’ information.
Preparing weekly and monthly report for updates and progression of accounts.
Attending call meetings and liaising with middle person for assisting ARM for Dubai cases.
Prepare accounts and credit documents for Trust managers to sign.
Doing KYC screenings for onboarding, distributions, asset injections, addition of beneficiaries and termination of cases.
Preparing Trust reviews for Trust Managers to check and review their cases and follow up on Private Banking’s KYC.
Handling hardware and software asset management for one of the biggest bank in Asia.
Submitting of reports for Operating Systems (OS) for the management in Hong Kong.
Liaising with AP GDC (China) with regards alerts sent by System Administrators (SA).
Submitting of monthly desktop software report for customer.
Attending teleconferencing calls for meeting and problem solving.
Preparing quotation for purchasing of software licenses and maintenances.
On duty, to submit night sales report to General Manager, Finance, Reservation Manager and Director of Sales and Marketing.
Follow up with Receptions on duty with regards to credit card decline.
Checking with Sales Manager who handle Travel Agent if payment have been received.
Getting updates from Revenue and Distribution Manger for rooms to sell.
Handling reservations from Booking.com, Agoda, Expedia and more.
Keeping track of store’s petty cash, cash float and duty roster.
Involve in preparing new arrival presentations and quarterly district meet ups.
Train and give feedbacks to Store manager and District manager.
Microsoft Words, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint. Opera, FCIS, EWSS, Navision and Avaloq.Recipient of the SIM Special Recognition award in recognition of achieving a degree with First Class Honours.
Invited to University of London's (UOL) Achiever's Event, in recognition of academic excellence and achievement.
Involved in house attachment programs for 3 months respectively:.
Appointed as Overall in Charge for Chinese New Year Event 2010. Liaised with suppliers and setup 12 participating booths for the event.
Organised, collaborated, and executed events with 5 teams, consists of 10 members each.
Designed webpage applying software like SharePoint, Adobe Flash and Photoshop.
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to ensure completeness of trade instructions and process in a timely and accurate approach.
Monitor and follow up with outstanding transactions to resolve discrepancies.
Prepare payment instructions for trade settlement and reconciliation.
Prepare funding, periodic reports and investigate on variances.
Generate and process periodic income distribution, retrocession reports.
Assist to analyse financial market trends and volume analysis reporting to stakeholders.
Provide operational support to clients queries efficiently.
Setup new fund launch, trailer rebates and terms of business.
Involve in AML/KYC review of documents for new account openings.
Commit in projects to restructure and enhance production workflow and participate in UAT environment.
Extracted and compiled summary of credit history for new loan applicants.
Entered different types of forms for further actions to be taken.
Retrieved and archived required documents to process for disbursements of loans.
Processed forms and input into the system with speed and accuracy.
Retrieved confidence legal documents to assist other departments for daily operations.Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd (SINGAPORE) AUG 2015 – PRESENT.
Working in a team on cash management for feeder fund administration covering Asia Pacific region.
Performing Transfer Agent oversight for Select range of Aberdeen funds.
Account opening (Obtaining ACRA, AML/KYC, CRS ASL documents etc).
Ensure timely dissemination of daily / monthly / quarterly reports to respective internal / external stakeholders.
Performing trailer commission for Select range of Aberdeen funds.
Ensuring calculation accuracy and timely payment of trailer fees to respective distributors.
Preparing daily position, cash and OTC reconciliation for Everest Capital (US $2.2 billion AUM as of Dec 2014).
Production of daily deliverables in line with client service level agreements, managing to keep deviation below 5%.
Handling break resolutions with broker and client on a daily basis.
Producing Net Asset Valuation (NAV) daily estimates for Tiger Veda hedge fund.
Accounting for capital dealing (subscription and redemption) and fees (management and incentive fees).
Working in teams under tight datelines to complete statutory audits at client's office.
Understanding clients' business environment (Operations, competitors, performance etc).
Have done audit at Nike, Pacific Internet, Asus, DBS Bank, MFS Technology.
Assessing key risk areas and identifying effectiveness of internal controls. Examples-.
Did purchase order (PO) have a purchase requisition (PR) being raised for approval.
Does purchase order (PO) match delivery order (DO) quantity and description.
Ensuring cash balance supported by bank statements and reconciliation.
Communicating effectively within the team on planning and execution.
Building rapport and handling clients tactfully so as to manage expectations.
Intermediate Excel skills (Short cut keys, pivot-table, v-lookup etc).Seeking opportunities in a wider circle to enhance competency in desired fields to achieve future goals.
Degree in Economics and Finance (with distinction), 2015 - 2017.
Singapore Polytechnic – School of Chemical and Life Sciences, Singapore.
Ensure sales submission complies with compliance requirement.
Reason for leaving: To pursue full time job after end of degree programme.
156 Cecil Street, #05-01 Far Eastern Bank Building, Singapore 069544.
Generating of offer for external parties using a Letter of Credit.
Assisting the accounts department in getting necessary documents for payment.
Develop and modify finished product formulations for internal use and customer presentations.
Maintain assigned laboratory equipment and inventory of supplies.
No. 1 Jalan Kilang Timor #10-00, Pacific Tech Centre Singapore 159303.
Period of Employment: Dec 2008 – Apr 2009,  Oct 2009 – Nov 2009 (Part time).
       Assist the manager in acquiring data required by the auditors.
To research on a serum moisturizer for oily skin from scratch.
SP Chemical and Life Sciences club Freshmen Orientation Camp Organizing Committee.
Look for cheap alternatives should the props is unavailable.
Inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry.A highly motivated individual who takes pride and ownership in her work. A problem-solver with effective verbal and written communication skills, extensive leadership and volunteer experience in Singapore and Canada. Fluent in English and Mandarin.
Bachelor of Commerce, Sauder School of Business, University of British Columbia                                                    2012 - 2016.
Relevant classes: Organizational Design, Strategic Compensation, Training, Development and Performance Management, Organizational Behavior, Gender and Diversity in Leadership, Business Writing.
Focus 2040 – Analyzed trends to predict the future global work environment for a Canadian organization in the year 2040.
National Geographic Organizational Design Case Study – Worked in a team of four to analyze and diagnose organizational design issues that National Geographic faced in its rapid transition from printing press to digital.
Anti-Money Laundering Administration, HSBC, Vancouver, BC                             September 2016 – Present.
Developed significant knowledge around global KYC (Know Your Client) procedures and performed required KYC customer screenings and information documentation as required by these procedures.
Supported Anti-Money Laundering (AML) investigators with information gathering on various due diligence reviews.
Responsible for liaising with various internal teams to retrieve KYC screenings in a timely manner.
HR Summer Student, Nature’s Path Foods, Richmond, BC                 July 2016 – September 2016.
Supported the on-boarding and orientation for new hires, managed staff/employee scheduling and worked with various internal and external stakeholders to ensure an effective on-boarding experience.
Oversaw the internal notification process to support organizational change management and workforce inventory. Administered employment change tracking on Microsoft Excel.
Responsible for creating and updating company HR material ie. organization charts, using Microsoft Visio and regularly posting them on internal platforms.
Supported the administrative aspects of the performance management system (SAP SuccessFactors).
Liaised with external vendors and internal sales teams in preparation for associated conferences.
Recruitment Assistant, Hays Recruiting Specialist, Vancouver, BC                                                           May 2016 – June 2016.
Assisted in labour recruitment for the Fort McMurray Recovery Disaster Project by conducting reference checks and phone/in-person interviews.
Made over 25 calls a day to candidates’ references and documented candidate information in a reference check report.
Administrative Assistant, Atira Women’s Resource Society, Vancouver, BC                                     April 2015 – December 2015.
Responsible for accounts payable and human resources management.
Key responsibilities included organizing and maintaining a database of confidential client and employee information, regular accounts payable invoicing using Sage Accounting Software system.
Provided administrative support to management by producing internal/external communication material.
Interests: Food blogging (dedumplingdiaries.wordpress.com), Tennis, Learning different languages (Spanish).
Technical Skills: Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft SharePoint, SAP SuccessFactors.Shareholder Services Supervisor at Bank of Bermuda Trust (Previous).
So excited to share my exposures, experiences and knowledges over my past 22 years, taking into consideration those companies with short services which have also added colours to my work life.
My 7 years in the fashion industries allowed me to meet people from all walks of life. I was given great opportunities to assist in Sales and Marketing. Follow up with buyers on projected orders, working hand in hand with our in-house designers, purchase merchandise from fabric suppliers, visit factory for printing artworks including production arrangements and also doing bookkeeping at the same time.
My 5 years with Standard Chartered Equitor Trustee, had a banking transition from Case Assistant involving in Company Secretarial matters to Senior Customers Service Assistant with a complete change of work scope dealing with the preparation of quarterly, half yearly and yearly Private Trust accounts and Income Tax Returns. Maintaining proper records of tax certificates of dividends and bond interests received for Private Trusts and to prepare monthly bank reconciliation schedule for Private &/ Institutional Trust and Corporate companies.
After the acquisition by Bank of Bermuda Trust, I was designated a Private Trust Supervisor title portraying as Trustee (legally responsible for assets held in a 'trust' ) to deal with Private clients' legal documents such as Wills, Letter of Administration, Grant of Probate, Power of Attorney etc. In addition, to undertake a full administrative role in Private Trust accounts assigned to us involving investments on fixed deposits and shares, rental &/ maintenance of client's property for the beneficiaries of the trust and preparation of clients' year end Trust accounts for auditing and yearly Income Tax Returns. Shortly I left the bank.
I was recruited 5 years later by Bank of Bermuda as a Shareholder Services Supervisor responsible in the registration of Unitholders' subscription and redemption applications. Ensure that all requests for submission of funds, redemption requests, cheque requisitions and banking instructions are correctly carried out for shareholder transactions. Ensure all daily reporting and processing as per relevant agreed schedule with Fund Managers and Distributors and a timely despatch on notices and contract notes relating to subscriptions, redemptions and transfers a compulsory. Other ac-hoc duties as and when required.
I left after 3 years with the bank and setup a family minimart in operation for almost 8 years. Due to long staggered hours and irregular meals I finally put an end to our business and decided to look for an office job for a change.
As a passionate candidate, I look forward to a chance to work with your company. In the meantime, I'm contactable at HP: 9740 1110 or via email: triciatanas@hotmail.com. Lastly, one added advantage, I can start work immediately.Curate, vet and coordinate all content for bi-weekly Shares Investment magazine in English and Chinese. Establish and maintain relationships with company management and/or respective Investor Relations personnel to gather deeper insights on business operations to be included into analysis for articles. Responsible for the smooth operation of Shares Investment magazine and website through inter-department coordination. Responsibilities include duties of Research Assistant.
Conduct industry and individual analysis of companies listed on Singapore Exchange within the value investing methodology. Dissect company IPO prospectus, annual reports, quarterly results and filings to SGX to understand the business model, catalysts and risks of companies. Collate findings from analysis into articles to be posted on Shares Investment website and article. Ensure the accuracy of financial data and update of quarterly results for a portfolio of over 300 SGX-listed companies in Shares Investment magazine and website.
Conveyed up to 500 weekly customer requirements from call centre with specific coding to server backroom to activate.
customer services. In charge of liaising with server crew and technicians to ensure customer value added services are.Assisted in KYC Remediation project for Funds, securities house and other non-banks financial institutions.
Compiling operational risk report to establish risk landscape.
Performed Name screening against Bank’s internal list and 3rd party database (World Check , Factiva).
Photographer for used cars and database updating for STCARS.
OSINet Communications Pte Ltd(Industry Experience Program).
Coordinator for provision of internet services to customers.
Designed and implemented the customer satisfaction survey, assisted in implementation of ICRM system.
Freshmen Orientation camp leader; responsible for the welcome and well-being for a group of 25 freshmen.
Attained the silver level  of the National Youth Achievement Award.