1 Pearl Bank #08-06 Pearl Bank Apartments, Singapore 169016 Email: jonasljk@outlook.sg, Contact Number: +65 9747 1830.
“I am a self-starter, a quick-learner, and a team-player with good technical and project management skills. I pride myself for being able to deal with difficult issues in a methodical manner, and still having an overall big-picture perspective.”.
Five years of experience in valuations and financial modelling in various M&A deals, with broad exposure across industries and sectors.
Assisted and advised major public-listed companies and private clients on a wide range of deal issues and topics (see detailed project experience in the next page).
Involved in various other accounting-driven valuations, dispute valuations, valuation reviews, and other valuation-related advisory work.
Did a 15-month stint in Myanmar covering a wide spectrum of deals-related advisory work across industries.
Responsible for the set up and “localization” of the Valuations team in Myanmar.
Involved in business development activities and marketing activities for the relatively new business and market.
I have performed the following notable projects or deals (in order of recency):.
(On-going) Advised a Myanmar conglomerate with interests spanning across mining, construction, banking and forestry in the valuation of their forestry business in Myanmar to seek potential incoming investments.
(On-going) Advised a leading retail and consumer conglomerate in Myanmar in their proposed sale and joint venture with a transnational consumer goods company (Corporate Finance).
Advised Maxim’s Group, the leading F&B group in Hong Kong, in their market-entry of one of their global F&B brands into Yangon (Financial model review).
Advised Right Healthcare, a leading laboratory services provider in Myanmar, in their sale of their business to an European healthcare private equity (M&A Valuation).
Advised DeClout Limited, a Singapore-listed IT and communications services company, in their acquisition of a minority stake in vCargo Cloud Pte Ltd (M&A Valuation).
Advised CityMart Holdings, the largest retail player in Myanmar with interests spanning across supermarkets, hypermarkets and property on the valuation of their business in Myanmar (Business Valuation).
Worked closely with the CFO to develop and validate the business and financial projections.
Evaluated a debt and equity funding offer from IFC, including the equity conversion feature and debt covenants.
Evaluated the equity value of a portfolio E&P company with a production sharing contract (“PSC”) in Indonesia as part of a portfolio valuation of a mezzanine debt fund of Prudential (Portfolio Valuation).
Advised L Capital Asia on the value of Charles and Keith, a leading fashion brand, for the divestment of their stake – Led the project team and effectively presented the valuation conclusion to the fund managers (Business Valuation).
Advised SATS Limited, a major Singapore-listed food solutions company, in their carve-out and joint venture investment.
Advised on the valuation of the carve-out, with comprehensive analysis including DCF approach, market multiples approach, comparable transactions approach amongst others.
Developed a financial model independently for the joint venture for internal monitoring, with scenario analysis, 3statements forecast, IRR analysis amongst others.
Advised Singapore Airlines Limited on the valuation of 20% equity stake in Jeju Air, one of South Korea’s largest lowcost carrier (M&A Valuation).
Performed DCF, market multiples, comparable transactions; analyzed key operating statistics and conducted various scenario and sensitivity analysis.
Involved in a litigation-support work for F&N Limited, Singapore-listed F&B conglomerate, over disputed assets worth in excess of US$500m in a high profile cross-border dispute between Myanmar and Singapore (Litigation Support).
Worked closely with the partner and the team in a high-pressure environment within a tight deadline.
Performed DCF and sensitivity analysis, comparable companies and market analysis, amongst others.
Opined on the valuation of Mr. Bean, a leading rapidly-expanding local F&B company (Business Valuation).
Advised ST Aerospace, a leading global MRO provider, in the purchase price allocation of the strategic acquisition of a 35% stake in Elbe Flugzeugwerke, a German subsidiary of Airbus S.A. (Purchase Price Allocation).
Advised Cerebos Pacific Ltd, previously a Singapore-listed company, in evaluating a S$40m potential buyout of its Malaysian subsidiary from minority shareholders (Business Valuation).
Advised Mytrah Energy, an Indian energy holding company, in an independent valuation of US$1.5B wind assets seeking.
Performed valuation of 10 wind power projects in excess of 500MW capacity in India.
Developed a comprehensive analysis including 10 DCF models, sensitivity analysis, SOTP analysis, WACC computation, comparable companies search, amongst others.
Advised Valle Verde Pte Ltd, a Singapore-based investment holding company owned by the Hamami Family on the goodwill impairment of its subsidiary, ABM Investama, an Indonesian-listed mining/energy holding company. Also advised Valle Verde on the purchase price allocation in relation to the acquisition of one of the largest coal mines in East Kalimantan with more than 100Mt of coal reserves.
Reviewed the valuation of an US$1.5b acquisition of hotel and resort assets from Paulson & Co by the Government.
Investment Corporation of Singapore (“GIC”) as part of a valuation specialist support for the audit of GIC using the replacement cost approach.
Advised New Shan Travel, a leading local travel agency, in a S$30m divestment of its business (Business Valuation).
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University (NTU).
Bachelor of Accountancy, 2nd Specialization in Banking and Finance.
Scheller College of Business, Georgia Institute of Technology.
Global Immersion Exchange Program, Major in Management and Finance   Achieved a GPA of 3.9/4.0.Mobile: +852 5392 7876 (Hong Kong) /+86 158 1090 8812 (China).
Equity Research, Writing Analyst on China Financials, including banks, brokers and asset management.
Equity Research, Writing Analyst on China Financials, including banks, brokers and asset management.
Equity Research, Writing Analyst on China Financials, including banks, brokers and asset management.
Conducted bottom-up/fundamental analysis of Hong Kong-listed China banks, developed investment themes, conducted fundamental analysis, interviewed company managers and built operating and valuation models.
Conducted bottom-up/fundamental analysis of Hong Kong-listed China banks, developed investment themes, conducted fundamental analysis, interviewed company managers and built operating and valuation models.
Conducted bottom-up/fundamental analysis of Hong Kong-listed China banks, developed investment themes, conducted fundamental analysis, interviewed company managers and built operating and valuation models.
Primary coverage of five Hong Kong-listed China banks, including ICBC, CCB, CITIC, Minsheng and CEB; Co-coverage on four H-share listed China banks, including BOC, ABC, BoCom and CMB.
Primary coverage of five Hong Kong-listed China banks, including ICBC, CCB, CITIC, Minsheng and CEB; Co-coverage on four H-share listed China banks, including BOC, ABC, BoCom and CMB.
Primary coverage of five Hong Kong-listed China banks, including ICBC, CCB, CITIC, Minsheng and CEB; Co-coverage on four H-share listed China banks, including BOC, ABC, BoCom and CMB.
Worked with lead-analyst to initiate coverage on Value Partners Group, a Hong Kong listed asset management firm, and brokers.
Worked with lead-analyst to initiate coverage on Value Partners Group, a Hong Kong listed asset management firm, and brokers.
Worked with lead-analyst to initiate coverage on Value Partners Group, a Hong Kong listed asset management firm, and brokers.
Advise clients on company and industry developments through conference calls, management meetings and industry conferences.
Advise clients on company and industry developments through conference calls, management meetings and industry conferences.
Advise clients on company and industry developments through conference calls, management meetings and industry conferences.
(Expatriated to Tokyo Branch during 2010 – 2011, to Thai Subsidiary during 2012 – 2013).
(Expatriated to Tokyo Branch during 2010 – 2011, to Thai Subsidiary during 2012 – 2013).
(Expatriated to Tokyo Branch during 2010 – 2011, to Thai Subsidiary during 2012 – 2013).
Researched and analyzed 40+ financial institutions on the basis of thorough credit analysis, including global megabanks, Chinese large banks and local credit cooperatives.
Worked on comparisons of deposits and loans pricing, capital adequacy ratio and loan loss provisions, also looked over credit risk, liquidity risk, interest-rate risk and operational risk.
Raised funds for syndicated loans, bridge loans and M&A loans from other financial institutions.
Researched and analyzed 40+ financial institutions on the basis of thorough credit analysis, including global megabanks, Chinese large banks and local credit cooperatives.
Worked on comparisons of deposits and loans pricing, capital adequacy ratio and loan loss provisions, also looked over credit risk, liquidity risk, interest-rate risk and operational risk.
Raised funds for syndicated loans, bridge loans and M&A loans from other financial institutions.
Researched and analyzed 40+ financial institutions on the basis of thorough credit analysis, including global megabanks, Chinese large banks and local credit cooperatives.
Worked on comparisons of deposits and loans pricing, capital adequacy ratio and loan loss provisions, also looked over credit risk, liquidity risk, interest-rate risk and operational risk.
Raised funds for syndicated loans, bridge loans and M&A loans from other financial institutions.
Created financial model to assess size of certain industries for business development of Tokyo and Thailand branches; model used as standard for the branches practice.
Conducted due diligence of potential corporate clients by site visiting, building financial models and researching comparable companies, securing credit facilities in billions in energy and manufacturing industries.
Presented to recommend credit line allocation to the executives on Credit Approval Committee.
Created financial model to assess size of certain industries for business development of Tokyo and Thailand branches; model used as standard for the branches practice.
Conducted due diligence of potential corporate clients by site visiting, building financial models and researching comparable companies, securing credit facilities in billions in energy and manufacturing industries.
Presented to recommend credit line allocation to the executives on Credit Approval Committee.
Created financial model to assess size of certain industries for business development of Tokyo and Thailand branches; model used as standard for the branches practice.
Conducted due diligence of potential corporate clients by site visiting, building financial models and researching comparable companies, securing credit facilities in billions in energy and manufacturing industries.
Presented to recommend credit line allocation to the executives on Credit Approval Committee.
Participated in the M&A deal to acquire ACL bank by ICBC group, conceptualized and involved actively in the Post M&A Integration, developing a synergy-capturing integration strategy and realizing turnaround.
Prepared memorandum for Charoen Pokphand, the largest Thai company, for acquiring Ping’an Insurance.
Redefined the major loan approval procedures of the front, middle and back offices in ICBC Thai, improving the approval time from three days to less than two days, enabling the PMI strategy to hit the ground.
Participated in the M&A deal to acquire ACL bank by ICBC group, conceptualized and involved actively in the Post M&A Integration, developing a synergy-capturing integration strategy and realizing turnaround.
Prepared memorandum for Charoen Pokphand, the largest Thai company, for acquiring Ping’an Insurance.
Redefined the major loan approval procedures of the front, middle and back offices in ICBC Thai, improving the approval time from three days to less than two days, enabling the PMI strategy to hit the ground.
Participated in the M&A deal to acquire ACL bank by ICBC group, conceptualized and involved actively in the Post M&A Integration, developing a synergy-capturing integration strategy and realizing turnaround.
Prepared memorandum for Charoen Pokphand, the largest Thai company, for acquiring Ping’an Insurance.
Redefined the major loan approval procedures of the front, middle and back offices in ICBC Thai, improving the approval time from three days to less than two days, enabling the PMI strategy to hit the ground.
Directed a team of 11 members to construct trade finance products to support 13 overseas branches, with a monthly accrual amount of USD 2.8 billions.
Acted as coordinator for large corporates, e.g. SINOPEC and Huawei, and tailored cross-border products process, leading to 13% reduction in SINOPEC’s operation processing time.
Designed and launched structured USD/CNY products, increasing department profit by 12%, one product adopted by headquarters and promoted nationwide.
Directed a team of 11 members to construct trade finance products to support 13 overseas branches, with a monthly accrual amount of USD 2.8 billions.
Acted as coordinator for large corporates, e.g. SINOPEC and Huawei, and tailored cross-border products process, leading to 13% reduction in SINOPEC’s operation processing time.
Designed and launched structured USD/CNY products, increasing department profit by 12%, one product adopted by headquarters and promoted nationwide.
Directed a team of 11 members to construct trade finance products to support 13 overseas branches, with a monthly accrual amount of USD 2.8 billions.
Acted as coordinator for large corporates, e.g. SINOPEC and Huawei, and tailored cross-border products process, leading to 13% reduction in SINOPEC’s operation processing time.
Designed and launched structured USD/CNY products, increasing department profit by 12%, one product adopted by headquarters and promoted nationwide.
Zhejiang University Bachelor of Management, major in Management Science.
Zhejiang University Bachelor of Management, major in Management Science.
Top 5% by GPA, graduated with honors, awarded merit-based scholarship every year.
Top 5% by GPA, graduated with honors, awarded merit-based scholarship every year.
Top 5% by GPA, graduated with honors, awarded merit-based scholarship every year.
Passed CFA level I and prepare to take level II and III in the following two years.
Passed CFA level I and prepare to take level II and III in the following two years.
Passed CFA level I and prepare to take level II and III in the following two years.
Trained financial modeling skills by taking 300+ hours modeling course from Breaking into Wall Street.
Trained financial modeling skills by taking 300+ hours modeling course from Breaking into Wall Street.
Trained financial modeling skills by taking 300+ hours modeling course from Breaking into Wall Street.
Attended Bloomberg workshop at Bloomberg Singapore office.
Attended Bloomberg workshop at Bloomberg Singapore office.
Attended Bloomberg workshop at Bloomberg Singapore office.Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited | HK/Shenzhen                 2013－Present.
Equity Research Associate (Sell-side), Employment visa with current employer.
Provided primary support to the analysts, mainly property sector( covering 11 HK listed property developers with major revenue from mainland market, capitalizations ranging from 2 billion to 200 billion).
Developed and maintained annual and quarterly financial models; maintained multiple industry database.
Coordinated and participated in meetings with institutional clients; developed solid and long term relationships with senior management of portfolio and target companies and facilitate transaction discussions.
Assisted in equity research and prepared company write-ups, including in-depth reports of industrial data analysis, flash notes on actionable news.
Oversaw 1,000 HNW customers, boosted core deposit amounts by 20-25%, improved clients' sales productivity by 30%.
Formulated practical investment management solutions for high net worth clients, advised customers on investment options based on their financial needs.
Cultivated client relationships, increased customer satisfaction level through expertise, developed new customers to optimize revenue potential.
Collaborated with Hong Kong, Singapore and others business development team to promote cross-selling.
Internship: Assisted the relationship managers to conduct KYC, account opening and other.
Tilburg University, The Netherlands   2007-2010    BSc. Economics.
Thorough working knowledge of Bloomberg, WIND, CEIC, MS Office.• Rm502, #17, Lane 288, Lianhua Rd, Shanghai, 201102 • +86 18917603683 • tangjf95@sina.cn.
Master of Science in Accounting Degree   GPA:3.73 (Top Ranking).
Bachelor Degree in Financial Management  GMAT:730  TOEFL:109.
Covered A share Consumer Discretionary sector including Media（movie/TV drama/advertising/ education and etc）/Tourism/Home Appliance/Retailing/Auto(recent pickup). Follow and update industry trends and individual companies. Form financial modeling and write research reports.
Recommend and monitor stocks for portfolio manager. Mock portfolio performance, inception excess: 29% (starting from July.8th, 2015). Benchmark: A share consumer discretionary index. • Provide regular A share analysis and consultancy for regional teams including HK and Korea.
Top picks: 002292 Alpha Animation (buy Rmb27 2015/9 till now Rmb46 2015/12, 70% return); 002508 Robam Home Appliance (buy Rmb24.0 2015/8 till now, 58%return), etc.
Covered Retailing and Home Appliance sector (QD Haier, SH Jahwa, and etc) with previous knowledge on Healthcare and Liquor. Engaged in writing of over 80 research reports and building 25 models. Mastering of Bloomberg, Euromonitor and Wind.
Performed road shows and lunch/dinner meetings. Accompany domestic and QFII clients with company visits and various conferences. Maintain connections with companies and clients.
Recommend and track stocks for the company’s portfolio management.
• Successfully facilitated the issuance of $10 million trust products named “Sunshine No.1” by going over 500 contracts and keeping the department informed of the latest updates of product issuance.
01/2010 – 02/2010       Winter Audit Intern        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.
•Drafted eight financial reports for a national brewery company; Completed the work papers of other income and other expenses; Sorted and excerpted 50% of all the legal documents, loan contracts and security agreements.
07/2010 – 08/2010       Intern, Retail Banking Department     China Industrial Bank.
Promoted new bank products to the existing clients by phone. Maintained and Updated the VIP Client Database. Lead team of three interns in brochure design, print and distribution in three neighborhoods.  Honor.
•Passed all AICPA exams, Member of AICPA Association; Pass CFA Level II.
2nd Class Scholarship of Fudan University in 2010 and 3rd Class Scholarship in 2008.
•1st Prize in Case Analysis Competition in the School of Management, Fudan University in 2008.KPMG Corporate Finance – Mergers and Acquisitions Senior Associate  Oct 2014 – Present.
Achieved the best rating (EP1) for each of the past two annual performance appraisals.
Involved in various sell- and buy-side M&A advisory assignments throughout the origination and execution stages.
Gained experience in project management through participation in meetings with clients and investors.
Illustrated valuations of respective transactions by building DCF models and using relative valuation methods.
Prepared investor presentation materials to market corporates to potential investors.
Assisted in advanced stages of engagements, including due diligence, SPA negotiations and the completion of CPs - Selected M&A transaction experience:.
Successful S$40m divestment of a Singapore-based interior fit-out service contractor to a Japan-listed office supplies and furniture company.
Successful S$30m divestment of a Singapore-based freight forwarder to a Hong Kong-listed logistics provider.
Completed merger study of two oil & gas services subsidiaries of an Indonesian state-owned enterprise.
Ongoing potential acquisition of an Australia-based dairy company by a Singapore-listed FMCG and F&B company   Ongoing potential divestment of a Singapore-listed integrated transportation and logistics company.
Changi Airports International – Business Analyst Intern  Sep 2014 – Oct 2014.
Consulting – Value-added team’s insights for clients by incorporating statistical tests to prove significance of findings.
Risk Management – Quantitative analysis on how changes in commodity prices may affect the company’s portfolio.
IPO – Valuation research and analysis for a potential US$1.2b IPO of a group of airports in Russia.
Nanyang Technological University Joint Hall Sports Committee – Chairperson  Sep 2013 – Aug 2014.
Successfully organized the Inter-Hall Games which involved over 3,000 participants through careful planning and coordination of fixtures despite a tight schedule.
Enhanced inter-hall cohesion by promoting sportsmanship and through proper management of disputes.
Nanyang Technological University Hall of Residence 3 – Sports Secretary  Sep 2013 – Aug 2014.
Managed a roster of over 300 players in all 20 Sports teams and coordinated all training sessions.
Led the hall to a record sixth consecutive Sports champions in the annual Inter-Hall Games over 15 other halls.
Secured first ever sponsorship deal in residential hall level with leading local sports brand Thorb.
Other Skills:  Microsoft Office; Capital IQ, Mergermarket, Factiva, Euromonitor, Thomson Research and Bloomberg.
Interests:  Football – Residential Hall Team Captain; Varsity Player (Hall and University Games Champions) Other Sports – Represented Residential Hall in eight sports (Awarded NTU Hall 3 Sportsman of the Year in 2014); Represented KPMG in six sports (Awarded KPMG Sportsman of the Year in 2016).
Amazing Race – Won many races, including SGX FINEX, CDL E-Gen Challenge, BCA-NUS E-Dash etc.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore Bachelor of Business (Actuarial Science).
Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Examinations – Subject Exemptions  2014.
- Exemptions in Financial Mathematics; Finance and Financial Reporting; and Probability and Mathematical Statistics.
Institute and Faculty of Actuaries Examinations – Subject Exemptions  2014.
- Exemptions in Financial Mathematics; Finance and Financial Reporting; and Probability and Mathematical Statistics.
Outstanding contribution to hall holding key leadership positions.
Brainstormed and pitched the team’s product idea to a panelist of judges formed by the global brand.Address:        25C Tower 5, The Long Beach, 8 Hoi Fai Road, Tai Kok Tsui.
2013 – 2014          MSc in Finance, Chinese University of Hong Kong (CGPA: 3.39 out of 4.00).
2004 – 2008          BBA (Hons) - Finance, City University of Hong Kong.
PROFESSIONAL EXAMS AND QUALIFICATIONS Current holder of SFC Type 9 License.
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA): CFA Charter holder since January 2016 Financial Risk Manager (FRM): FRM Charter holder since June 2010.
Participated in the Group’s strategic investment project, completed China banks sector research, identified two investment targets among the five SOE banks and four joint equity banks based on company fundamentals, valuations and risks considerations;.
Carried out China distressed asset management sector analysis, identified one investment target;.
Conducted China brokers sector research, concluded current risk adjusted return to be limited;.
Completed leasing industry analysis while evaluating investment options in two leasing company IPOs;   Participated in portfolio restructuring, evaluated three of the holdings which required immediate actions;   Established fundamental factor based stock screening framework for HK listed companies.
Established a fundamental driven investment philosophy and mean reversion centered valuation approach, formed a systematic stock picking and risk management process which generated 12 pairs of long/short strategies for company’s model portfolio and recorded annual return of 22.9% in 2011, while Hang Seng Index dropped by 20.0%;.
Gained deep understanding of business operations in China’s property market through covering 11 Hong Kong listed China developers. Used macro research approach to identify longer term opportunities through building demographic profiles for 30 cities.
Learned economic research framework through covering four European economies (Germany, France, Italy and Spain) under supervision of senior economist Mr Alexis Garatti. Duties included building complete country databases, maintaining and updating national account forecasting model, issuing comments on release of important economic indicators and preparing reports on hot spot topics;.
Authored Euro zone section of CITICS Global Monthly report, interpreting recent data and justifying forecasts regarding GDP, inflation, labor market and monetary policies etc.
Gained solid financial modeling and analyzing skills through assisting senior analyst Ms Kylie Kwok with her coverage on consumer sector. Responsibilities included building earnings models and valuation models, conducting sensitivity analysis, keeping close track of companies under coverage, analyzing and estimating impacts of industry policies on specific companies;.
Well trained to handle multiple tasks with strong attention to details under tight schedule; became skilled in building fully integrated financial and valuation models.
Financial Modelling:  Proficient in building fully integrated forecasting and valuation models.
Financial database: Proficient with Bloomberg; experience with FactSet and CEIC.
Programming: Experience with various option pricing models incorporating Excel VBA; experience with R Knowledge of Language: Native in Mandarin Chinese, full professional proficiency in English (TOEFL test score ranked at 97th percentile), fluent in Cantonese.Vice President (China Small&Mid Cap), Equity Research Feb 2016 to Present.
Lead a team of three to build new institutional research franchise.
Conduct research on wide range of sectors including Internet, consumer discretionary, hardware etc.
Organise roadshows and expert series talks on latest industry themes.
Participate in ad-hoc research analysis and corporate finance events (such as pre-IPO research).
Vice President (China Small&Mid Cap), Equity Research Oct 2014 to Feb 2016.
Conducted extensive research on companies, supply chain, industries on 15 stocks under coverage.
Marketed investment ideas with regional institutional investors.
Gained panel votes/external votes from tier-one investors and expand institutional client base.
Interacted with corporate management/executives and attend plant visits/reverse roadshows.
Team Award: No.2 in 2015 AsiaMoney Broker Poll - Hong Kong Small/Mid Cap Team.
Research Analyst (Asian Small&Mid Cap/China Internet Sector), Equity Research Jan 2014 to Jul 2014.
Communicated ideas and stock picks with regional institutional investors.
Hosted annual small-mid conference in Hong Kong with 18 listing companies.
Supported senior analyst in research report drafting and financial modeling.
Maintain and develop corporate access in the Small&Mid Cap universe.
Research Analyst (Small&Mid Cap Sector), Equity Research Sep 2009 to Dec 2013.
Team coverage included 30 small-mid cap companies listed in Hong Kong.
Assisted senior analysts in modeling, writng and marketing research.
Communicated ideas and knowledge with in-house strategists and economists.
CFA charterholder; Regular Member of CFA Institute and HKSFA.
BSc in Mathematics – Full scholarship scheme for mainland students.
Haas School of Business, UC Berkeley, Exchange Programme 2006.
Operational skills in Bloomberg, MS Excel, Word and Power Point.Academics: GPA: 4.75 / 5.00 (First Class Honours), Completed CFA Level 3.
Honours: Dean’s List 2012; Awarded Ngee Ann Kongsi Scholarship (2011 & 2012); selected for Local Exchange to Singapore.
Management University; Singapore Business Case Competition 2011 Semi-Finalist; Bain & Co Case Challenge 2011 Semi-Finalist.
P4-Advanced Financial Management (4th Placing Worldwide).
Led and completed sale of stake in 6 private equity funds by 2 Asian institutional investors.
Completed sale of stake in 15 private equity funds by 2 Asian financial institutions.
Completed sale of stake in a mezzanine fund by an Asian insurance company.
Completed sale of stake in 14 private equity and real estate funds with valuation of c. $300m by 2 Asian pension fund.
Completed sale of stake in c.40 private equity and real estate funds with valuation of c. $1 billion by an Asian financial institution.
Assisted in the GP restructuring of a portfolio of Indian operating companies from diverse sectors.
Participated in a GP restructuring involving a portfolio of Asian-focused real estate companies.
Executed the sell-side advisory of 4 portfolios of fund interests with valuation of c. $2.5 billion  Marketed 2 China-focused venture funds in separate transactions.
Standard Chartered Bank Corporate Advisory & Finance               Singapore.
Involved in the buy-side advisory of cross-border transaction in Out of Home sector.
Involved in the execution of an Indian Business Trust IPO in SGX, placement of shares listed on IDX.
Standard Chartered Bank Corporate Advisory & Finance               Singapore.
Conducted research on industries and companies; prepared materials for pitchbooks; performed comparable analysis.
Involved in the final execution stage of IPOs; analysed trends of precedent privatisation transactions  Prepared a case study on a completed rights issue.
 Conducted research and prepared materials for pitchbooks and client presentations.
Performed financial modeling including DCF valuation and comparable analysis.
Analysed various industries, designed hedging strategies for trade ideas.
Presented to investment committee detailed research reports and investment memos on shortlisted equities in Asia-Pacific markets.
Analysed banking industry in Vietnam; performed valuation and analysis on a commercial bank.
Analysed tourism and port industries in Sri Lanka, examined trends in profitability and risks, performed financial modeling; produced buy-side reports on tea estates and hotels; conducted initial due diligence; prepared term sheet.
Language: Fluent (English, Mandarin, Cantonese), Intermediate (Spanish, Teochew, Thai), Elementary (Bahasa Melayu and Indonesia) IT: Microsoft Word, Excel (includes financial modeling), PowerPoint, Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters, miscellaneous research mediums Interests: Reading, Taiji, Yoga, Swimming, Badminton, Chinese Chess.Bozhang Su / Gender: Male / M: +86 185 1388 6882 / E:superiel@hotmail.com.
Achievements               Received KPMG Bravo awards several times in honour of outstanding performance and hard work; Youngest team.
leader among peers in KPMG; President of Chinese Students & Scholars Association (CSSA) in La Trobe.
University; Executive and Co-founder of Spring Mud Charity; CFA level III candidate.
Skills  MS Excel (Advanced), MS Word, MS PPT, CaseWare, Financial Modelling and VBA.
Coursework: Private Equity, Merger and Acquisition, Advanced Corporate Finance, Financial Market and Organization, Secondary Market in Emerging Market etc.
Bachelor of Commerce– Graduated with GPA ranked at top 1%, Recipient of full scholarship (a member of Golden Key International Honour Society).
Coursework: Advanced Financial Reporting, Taxation, Fundamental of Valuation, Financial institutes etc.
Management Trainee, Market Development and Equity Investment Department, Shanghai Branch.
Responsible for building up Shanghai regional debt capital markets business and origination across corporates, financial institutions, and establishment of CDB footprint to promote interbank market and multiple debt capital financing instruments.
Provide bond underwriting services to various clients and conduct credit analysis to them.
Sourcing deals for asset management services and financing asset management products with capitals from insurance companies and banks.
Provide services including credit rating advisory, bond issuance and public relation management to New Development Bank, a newly established multilateral development bank.
Gemini Investment (HKG:0174) (Overseas investment arm of Sinooceanland), Beijing, China.
In charge of investment assessment in overseas real estate market, and project management.
Constructing various valuation models, evaluating pitch books and making investment decision.
Analyst, Group Consulting Project, Distribution Division.
Researched into predictive buying analytics and Big Data techniques employed by retailers and commercial bank. Apply the research outcome to the identification of buying patterns for flow investment banking products.
Engaged in financial products design, combine the proceeds of buying patterns with product feature designing.
Draft product design report and present to European sales head and Managing Director.
KPMG, Beijing/Ulaanbaatar, China/Mongolia Assistant Manager, Transaction and Restructuring.
Assisted clients in identifying potential transaction issues, reducing transaction risk, choosing optimal investment structure based on investment objective, and provide support in obtaining necessary commitments to execute the deal.
Project-managed and led the financial analysis of a number of HK-listed companies. Engaged in the valuation team of Sunshine 100 (HKG: 2608)’s IPO in 2013. Engaged in financial due diligence engagement in Lisi Group (HKG: 0526)’s acquisition. Engaged one agriculture company’s pre-IPO valuations.
Advised internal and external clients on understanding value drivers and value composition of companies across various industries, covering mainly consumer and retail, real estate.
Assistant Manager, Audit Department-Real Estate and Retails sectors.
Led teams in carrying out auditing field works, client-facing experiences as a team leader. Analysed clients’ financial statements, interpreted account movements, familiar with IFRS and PRC GAAP.
Annual audit clients included: Renhe Commercial (HKG:1387), SOHO China (HKG:0410), Century Ginwa (HKG:0162), CapitaLand (SGX: C31) and MCSP (Largest real estate developer in Mongolia).
Research Center of Enterprise Development, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.
Provided management consulting services to companies with strong government connections.
Assisted in composing of “Coagulated Economies in Zhejiang Province”, published in 2010. Designed a matrix to analyze different entities’ behaviors. The matrix was recorded in “Coagulated Economies in Zhejiang.473 River Valley Road, #08-05 Valley Park Condo, Singapore - 248358 Mobile: +65 84981546; E-mail: kavitha@deepmenon.com Work Experience.
Equity Analyst covering Global Financials at a multi-billion dollar private investment fund based in Singapore.
Sole responsibility of managing investment opportunities in Global Financials sector covering banks, insurance and asset management companies.
Managing a model portfolio of Global equities which has generated an absolute performance of +14.8% in 2016 (From Feb).
Managing a model portfolio of Global financials which has generated an absolute performance of +34.4% since inception.
Work with a team of five portfolio managers on two funds with global equities mandate (AUM: US$4bn).
In-depth research and understanding of broader macro-economic cycle and banking industry drivers globally.
Analyse new investment opportunities in Financials with detailed bottom-up analysis and present investment conclusions and recommendations to the portfolio managers.
Lead one-on-one interactions with CEO’s and CFO’s of major corporates at conferences, meetings and bespoke trips   Develop and maintain financial models for all investment positions in Global financials.
Strong quantitative skills and analyse intrinsic value of businesses by using various valuation methodologies like DCF, Relative valuation, SOTP etc.
Experience working  on wide array of database sources – Bloomberg, Factset, Thomson Reuters.
Senior Analyst covering Global Financials at a multi-billion dollar private investment fund based in Singapore which focusses on investing in public and private equities in Energy, Consumer, Financials and Healthcare.
Work directly with the Head of Listed Investments on driving top-down asset allocation decisions in Global Financials with specific focus on emerging markets.
Own and make investment recommendations on existing financials portfolio by actively following Political developments, Policy & Regulatory changes, Quarterly results, Valuations, Technicals etc.
Analyse new investment opportunities from a top-down and bottom-up perspective and make investment recommendations to the Chief Investment Officer.
Write fundamental investment research reports to recommend deep-value investment opportunities in the Financials sector.
Develop and maintain financial models for core investment positions in Global financials.
Lead one-on-one interactions with senior management of corporates at various conferences and meetings.
Associate covering Financials and Strategy at one of India’s leading equities broker (No.6 ranked Equity research team in India in the Asia money polls 2011) for institutional investors, catering to domestic as well as overseas financial institutions.
Co-authored research reports with Wall Street Journal rated Asia’s Best Financial Services Analyst 2011, providing in-depth financial analysis and investment recommendations on 25 stocks in the Indian banking sector.
Worked directly with the Co-Head of Research on Indian equity market strategy providing detailed top-down macroeconomic analysis and equity market outlook.  Work done in this regard led to us being ranked as 5th best strategy team in India in the Asia money polls 2011 from being 12th in the previous year.
Responsibility of maintaining regular interaction with clients and have conducted corporate road-shows across Asia.
Equity Research Associate, Elara Securities                                                                                                                  Oct 2009-Jan 2011, Mumbai Associate covering Telecom, Technology and Strategy at the securities division of Elara Capital Plc, a full scale service investment bank, headquartered in UK and having a global foot print and offices across Mumbai, Singapore, New York, Zurich and Mauritius.
Co-authored the report for initiating coverage on 4 Indian stocks in telecom space (Bharti Airtel, RCOM, Idea, Tata Teleservices).
Sole responsibility for conducting research, including interaction with managements, building & maintaining financial models and writing research reports (company updates, result notes, event updates etc).
Relationship manager for the Individual HNI clients and Citi business clients in the Global Consumer Group of Citibank N.A   Managed ~150 clients with an AUM of INR 100m (US$2m) across wealth, trade and forex requirements.
Understanding clients’ business requirements, translating these into business architecture and testing of the deliverables.
Cleared all three levels of CFA and have been awarded the CFA charter in July 2012.
MBA (Finance): Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS)                                                        Jun 2007-Mar 2009, Mumbai.
Graduated in the top 3 % (97th percentile) in a batch of 240 students.
Key electives included Strategic and Portfolio Management, Corporate Finance and Finanical statement analysis.
BE (Electronics & Communication Engineering): SRM College of Engineering (SRM)                                           Jun 2001-Apr 2005, Chennai  Graduated with first class honours (82.4%) and secured overall 3rd rank in the electronics department of SRM College of Engineering (Anna University, Chennai).
Member of career committee at CFA society, Singapore and was responsible for the ideation and launch of the society’s maiden Mentorship program in 2016.
School topper in 10th standard matriculation examination (90.9%) at Boston Matriculation Higher Sec. School   School topper in 12th standard state board examination (95.8%) at Boston Matriculation Higher Sec. School.
Won the best outgoing student award in the school leaving year.
Elected student leader and sports vice-captain at Boston Matriculation Higher Sec. School.
Won several intra and inter school and college badminton and throw-ball tournaments.Performing fundamental bottom-up research on global consumer equities (building on previous work as an Associate).
Identifying companies with strong moat/business model to weather tough times and/or witnessing demand/margin inflection.
Forecasting/modelling cash flows to assess room for higher payouts as dividends and repurchases.
Recent coverage: Luxottica, Diageo, Pernod, Samsonite, Mondelez, Estee Lauder, United Spirits, LT Group, Yum China, Bitauto.
Buy calls: Diageo, Estee Lauder, United Spirits (December), Samsonite, LT Group (January 2017), Yum China (February).
Invested $100k, predominantly in global consumer companies, with a mix of growth and value.
Long investments across Asia ex-Japan, North America, Europe: (mostly >20% return on 1-12 month holding period).
Amazon, Surfstitch (April 2015); Asian Paints, Britannia, Maruti Suzuki, J Kumar Infraprojects (June); LT Group (July).
SABMiller, Diageo, Mondelez, Yum Brands, Tumi, Dreamworks Animation, Maruti Suzuki (August/September).
LT Group (October); Biostime, Tumi (January 2016); Surfstitch (February); Sarepta Therapeutics (March).
Thai Beverage (April), Sodastream (May); Short Ideas: Jubilant Foodworks, Britannia (April/May 2016).
Published actionable ideas on an Asian research marketplace (Smartkarma): Beauty Community, Gudang Garam, Samsonite.
Achieved long only absolute return objectives on global consumer equities through fundamental bottom-up research, entailing:.
Financial screening to select good quality stocks, preferably at modest valuations, with: (a) increased scope of business scalability, (b) operating leverage cycle and/or (c) visibility of sector consolidation for potential corporate events.
Qualitative analysis to understand company’s inherent moat, industry dynamics and management's abilities to drive growth.
Quantitative modelling to forecast profitability and cash flows with a solid grasp of underlying growth volatility/sensitivity.
Valuation using Multiples, Discounted Cash Flows and Sum-of-the-Parts to analyze potential price returns    Targeted addictive/compelling consumption globally by covering 50 companies, including:.
Tobacco: Philip Morris, British American Tobacco, Japan Tobacco, ITC, HM Sampoerna, Gudang Garam, LT Group.
Beverages: AB-Inbev, SABMiller, Heineken, Carlsberg, Ambev, Diageo, Pernod Ricard, United Spirits.
Food: Mondelez, Hershey, Lindt, Britannia, Want Want, Vietnam Dairy, Mead Johnson, Nestle India, Biostime, Yum Brands  Discretionary: L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, Marico, Samsonite, Tumi, Crocs, GNC, Richemont.
Studied sectors with fundamental tailwinds: Ecommerce (Amazon, Alibaba, Surfstitch) and Paints in India (Asian Paints, Berger)  Recognized headwinds to growth in various good quality companies early to avoid losses: Want Want, Yum Brands, Carlsberg  Summary of key performers:.
Zimplistic Inventions – Business Development Intern    Singapore, 2012.
Worked on the Go-To-Market strategy for the world’s first fully automatic roti (Indian bread) maker called Rotimatic.
Designed push and pull trials to build awareness in Singapore; Researched cost effective order fulfilment in Singapore, US and UK.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours): National University of Singapore (2008-2012); Finance Major; GPA: 4/5.
Professional Certifications: Passed CFA Level II; Bloomberg Aptitude Test 99th percentile  |  IT Skills: Bloomberg and Excel Languages: English and Hindi  |  Interests and hobbies: Tennis, Horseback riding, Politics, Psychology and History.
A Levels equivalent: Indian School Certificate (ISC) from St. George’s College, Mussoorie, India; Aggregate score: 94.3/100.
Industry: Decreasing competitive intensity and improvement in country favourability.
Margin expansion: Benign raw material costs and new management’s focus on efficiency, resulting in FY14 and FY15 profit growth >50% together with strong re-rating.
Consolidation: Possibility of SABMiller acquisition and related synergies backed by the company’s historical success rate in integrations.
Margin: Mexico synergy, China premiumization, Corona rollout; EUR drove price return.
Competitive advantage: Biggest scale in luggage companies to outspend competitors and very well diversified to deliver strong growth despite weak China sales.
Profitable growth: Strong growth of affordable products, yet a disciplined margin profile.
Missed opportunities (omission): Mondelez, Lindt, Heineken, Mead Johnson; Wrong buy calls (commission): Philip Morris, ITC.
Missed opportunities (omission): Mondelez, Lindt, Heineken, Mead Johnson; Wrong buy calls (commission): Philip Morris, ITC.
Missed opportunities (omission): Mondelez, Lindt, Heineken, Mead Johnson; Wrong buy calls (commission): Philip Morris, ITC.
Missed opportunities (omission): Mondelez, Lindt, Heineken, Mead Johnson; Wrong buy calls (commission): Philip Morris, ITC.-Finalist, Whitman School of Management Annual Case Competition 2011.
-Courses taken: Linear Regression, Investment Analysis, Fixed Income Securities, Bank Management, Value/Distress Investing.
Bachelor of Economics (International Trade and Economics), July 2009    GPA: 3.6/4.0   TEM 8 Passed.
-Awarded 2nd and 3rd scholarships, earned 3rd Prize, International English Competition for College Students in 2006 and 2007.
-Courses taken: Higher Mathematics, Accounting, International Finance, Financial Management, American Business Law, Micro & Macro Economics.  Zhejiang Huzhou NO.2 High School                                                                         9/2002-7/2005.
-National College Entrance Exams (Chinese, English, Math, Liberal Arts): 612/750, ranking top 1% in Zhejiang Province.
Somerley ranked 1st in Thomson Reuters Asia M&A deal announced (ex. Japan) League Table in 1H 2014.
-Helped with the coverage of both buy-side/sell-side mandates through marketing and pitches for potential M&A transactions.
-Conducted in-depth industry research and competitive/financial analysis and identify potential targets.
-Performed in-depth valuation through methods like DCF modeling and using multiples, gave valuation advice to clients.
-Prepared key documentations for transactions, including Teaser, Information Memorandum, NDA, Management Presentation, etc.
-Assisted an Australian sell-side client with its roadshow in China.
-Worked with senior bankers to formulate financing and capital structure of the transaction.
-Followed up with relevant parties in ongoing transactions including lawyers and accountants.
-Translated documents into English/Chinese when necessary          Select projects participated.
-Sanhe Tea (food & beverage): USD 50mm private placement before IPO in HK.
-AnaeCo (environment): Sell-side mandate looking for strategic investors in China.
-Spectris (TMT): helped the British precision instrumentation supplier find potential M&A targets in China.
-Luxottica (consumer goods): conducted site visits to LensCrafters and performed management presentation on findings.
-Alfalfa (agriculture): co-mandated with CITIC Securities.
-Worked as a junior auditor and facilitated with the auditing of Chinese companies filing for IPOs in the US.
-Participated in the IPO audit of China Commercial Credit Inc, the first Chinese micro-credit company getting listed on NASDAQ,.
Audited client’s various accounts of consolidated financial statements. Gathered confirmation letters from the company’s clients and banks, made sampling of the vouchers for various accounts and coordinated with the CFO and accountants regarding the accuracy of the numbers in various accounts.
-Conducted the audit procedures of Comjoyful, a physical therapy company in Wuxi for the preparation of RTO listing in the US, performed an overall inventory stocking for one of the company’s major franchise property.
-Participated in the audit work of the 20-F annual filings for Fuqi International, a jewelry retailer and Kirin International, a construction company, worked closely and effectively with team members and achieved fruitful results.
-Performed SOX audit on Tangoe’s IT system’s reliability and security, as well as staff’s familiarity with work.
-Serviced high net-worth individual EB5 immigration applicants and composed Source of Fund reports by interviewing, collecting and analyzing personal and corporate financial statements. Worked seamlessly with the partners of Marcum and immigration attorneys to ensure the quality of the reports.
-Connected with alumni entrepreneurs and invited them to give lectures and spread entrepreneurship throughout campus.
Technical Skills: Capital IQ, Microsoft Office, CVSource, QuickBooks.Academics: 4.7/5.0 GPA with A/A+ in Business Valuation, Portfolio Management and Financial Management.
Honours: Nanyang Scholarship (NTU’s most prestigious undergraduate scholarship, 2011-2015) X.
Singapore Ministry of Education Pre-University Scholarship (merit-based scholarship, 2007-2010).
Awards: 2nd Place in ICON Competition (judges from Merrill Lynch, Microsoft, BP and Unilever, 2014)                                 4th Place in Bloomberg Aptitude Test in APAC region (2013).
Exchange: Richard Ivey Business School, University of Western Ontario, Canada (Jul - Dec 2013).
Investment Analyst – Asset and Wealth Management, Global Investment Opportunities Nov 2015 – Present.
Covering the most sophisticated / trading-oriented ultra high-net-worth individuals and family offices with opportunistic, absolute return tactical trade ideas and institutional level of execution.
Analyzed stocks from fundamentals, valuation, flow and positioning perspectives in developing equity investment ideas.
Analyzed investment portfolios using Bloomberg PORT function for return attribution and risk scenario analysis.
Generated and presented investment ideas across asset classes including cash equity (G3 and China), fixed income (investment grade and high yield), FX (G7 and major EM currencies), commodities, OTC derivatives and structured products (e.g. Fixed Coupon Notes), directly contributed to brokerage trades of $30m+ notional.
Marketed investment products including mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, equity/debt syndication, and direct private investments, directly contributed to $35m+ investment flows (shared success stories with the platform during Asia Morning Meeting).
Marketed discretionary solutions including thematic equities portfolios, fixed income separately managed accounts, hedge funds advisory portfolio mandates, and multi-asset class portfolio mandates.
Direct client-facing exposure including market updates, trade execution, investment pitches, and portfolio reviews.
Contributed to relationship managers’ prospecting efforts, directly contributed to opening 2 new accounts.
Finance Management Trainee – Unilever Future Leaders Program Jul – Oct 2015.
Analyzed financial performance of 9 key Asian markets, presented to senior management on highlights and improvements throughout the value chain (from brand development, procurement, manufacturing to distribution).
Managed fiscal budgeting, program costing, cross-charging, and financial analysis for Unilever’s €50m leadership development facility in Singapore.
Seatown Holdings (multi-asset class Hedge Fund under Temasek Holdings) Singapore, SG.
Performed financial modelling (adjusted models and built different scenarios including top-down and bottom-up revenue triangulation) and fundamental analysis of technology sector companies, prepared investment proposals • Corresponded with sell-side equity analysts and strategists, identified thematic trends and investment theses.
Pitched stocks to portfolio managers and investment committee, leading to ~$50m investment that outperformed benchmark by ~11%.
Completed a full-blown valuation of a solar company using DCF, trading comparables and precedent transactions.
Analyzed credit risk and debt capacity of companies using credit rating financial models and comparable companies.
Prepared management presentation for rating agencies, significantly enhanced clients’ first-time rating results.
Technical: Excel, Bloomberg, Capital IQ, FactSet, Moody’s Financial Metrics, Factiva and Datamonitor.
Language: Native in Mandarin Chinese, Proficient in English.
Passion: backpacking (22 countries in 4 continents so far and still counting), photography (black-and-white film), volunteer teaching (have taught primary school children in Singapore, Poland, and Tanzania).
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University.
Bachelor of Accountancy, Bachelor of Business (Banking & Finance).Address: Room 106, Building 3, Lane 4, Changzhong Road，Shanghai                     P/C: 200434.
Jul.2016 —Present      China International Capital Corporation(CICC)    Position: Research Analyst.
Initiate coverage in brewery and paper products industry including Chongqing Brewery, Yanjing Brewery, Shanying Paper, Sun Paper and C&S;.
Arranging channel checks and con-calls for local and QFII clients.
Sep.2014 —Jul.2016    Rabobank Nederland  Branch           Position: Industrial Analyst.
Analyze markets and companies in beverage sector, preparing presentations and reports and leading strategic discussions with clients;.
Undertake high quality research and analysis of the beverage sector for use by both internal and external stakeholders.
Jun.2012—Sep.2014   Fortune CLSA Securities Limited                  Position: Research Analyst.
Demonstrate thought leadership and make significant contributions to highly differentiated written product and forward-looking financial analysis, coverage including Moutai, WLY, Laojiao, Yanghe, Shuanghui, Yanjing Brewery, Denghai Seeds and Dabeinong;.
Develop relationships with institutional clients as well as interact with senior management of companies and industrial experts in Food & Beverage industry;.
Organizing on-the-spot investigations and con-calls according to clients’ requests.
Feb.2011-Jun.2012    Sinopac Securities () Co.Ltd                   Position: Research Analyst.
Build and maintain earnings models for companies in the sector of sportswear, menswear and Beer, coverage including Anta, Lining, Peak, 361 Degree, Dongxiang, Xtep, Lilang, Trinity, Tsingtao Brewery, CRE and Prince Frog;.
Value the company's securities based on a sound and thorough understanding of its business, competitive position and growth prospect;.
Jul.2008-Feb.2011    Shenzhen Zunyue Investment Consulting Co.Ltd            Position: Analyst.
Support the research and analysis of listed home appliances companies;.
Work with analysts and portfolio managers to maintain research databases, track performance of companies;.
Computer           A frequent user of computer; Skillful in using Wind, Bloomberg.
8 years working experience in consumer sector; set foot in both A share and H share.Phone: +852 9309-3902 | E-mail: charles.cheng.cy@gmail.com.
Chairman Office - Research & Investment Manager (Assistant to CEO).
Cooperate with CFO to manage company’s investment portfolios, including bonds/private equity funds and to oversee the corporate finance activities.
Identify and analyze PE/VC opportunities for Chairman’s private investment portfolio (mainly tech/internet sector).
Conduct research on property market and evaluate acquisition targets for management review.
Ongoing review and monitor of fund managers’ investment activities and performances.
Assist CEO in overseeing company’s operation and interact with segment management on various real estate projects.
Perform investor relation and public affairs activities, e.g. prepare corporate presentations, organize roadshows and meet analysts and investors.
Equity Research – Associate, Hong Kong Property and Conglomerates.
Conduct sector and companies research on Hong Kong’s macro economy and real estate market.
Create generic in-depth databases, gather and interpret industry data to develop a long-term industry insight, e.g.
analysis on demand and supply, demographic data, e-commerce and retail sales trend, etc.
Build financial models and formulate investment ideas and recommendation to clients.
Prepare reports for S&T department and clients on industry news as well as market trends on a daily basis.
Equity Research – Associate/Analyst, China Auto and Industrials.
Monitored and initiate the coverage of China passenger and commercial vehicles, infrastructure, railway, capital goods related stocks (A/H shares).
Conducted research on auto models and performed brand/market/sales strategy analysis.
Developed and established the generic China high-speed railway and urban transit database.
Built financial models and sector forecast models, analyzed market research for share price performances, and established investment recommendation of the covered companies.
Collaborated with TMT team to conduct IPO research for an internet/e-commerce company listed in Hong Kong.
Transaction Advisory Services – Valuation and Business Modeling Senior Accountant/Accountant.
Developed detailed financial models and performed comparable analysis for both listed and non-listed companies.
Worked closely with Associate Directors in evaluating due diligence materials, performing intangible assets valuation, analyzing cash flows and returns, and assisting in writing valuation memorandum for transactions.
Focused on real estate/ individual properties valuations and evaluated various types of properties investment portfolios, e.g. REITS, hotels, shopping malls, residential and office buildings.
Valuated companies’ equity interest and various investment portfolios for private equities firms and fund houses • Performed due diligence and conducted industry research for transactions projects/ valuation reviews.
Macquarie – Equity Research Associate (2012); PwC - Audit Associate (2009-2010);  Deloitte – Audit Summer Intern (2008).
Bachelor of Arts, Summa Cum Laude, College Honor, Business Economics with Accounting Minor    06/2009.
Recipient of Academic Outstanding Award – Top 3 % of the Class of 2009.
Recipient of Ralph and Shirley Shapiro Scholarship – Department of Economics.
Professional Qualification: Certified Public Accountant – Member of HKICPA.
Recipient of the United States President’s Service Award, for outstanding community services achievement.
Languages: Fluent in English, Mandarin and Cantonese (Native).
IT Skills: Proficiency in Words, Excel. Familiar with Capital IQ, Bloomberg, WIND and CEIC database.Email – hitendragupta@hotmail.com |  Mobile – (65) 9133 8326.
Lead Consultant – Core Analytical Team  February 2012 – July 2015.
Identified investment opportunities with IRR ranging 19% to 29% per annum in India’s residential markets for institutions and high net worth investors.
Delivered in-depth market insights of the Indian residential, office, retail and warehouse sectors based for institutional clients.
Designed Knight Frank India’s valuation model, adopted by the entire advisory department.
Made recommendations to Securities Exchange Board of India on Indian REIT regulations.
Analysed macro-economic changes and financial data to assess impact on prices and cap rate.
CARE RATINGS (Second largest credit rating agency in India)  Mumbai, India.
Assistant Manager – Real Estate Debt Ratings  October 2011 – January 2012.
Identified risk potential of a GBP343M Indian real estate entity which defaulted 18 months later.
JAYPEE CAPITAL (Institutional sell side firm)   Mumbai, India.
Led real estate research to cover top 8 listed real estate companies representing 80% of sector’s market capitalization.
Ranked 1st by Bloomberg among all analysts covering Anant Raj Industries for accurate pricing forecast.
Played key role in roadshows and investor conferences and involved in discussions between institutional investors and management.
SPA SECURITIES (Institutional sell side firm)  Mumbai, India.
Led the materials (cement) sector and mid-cap stocks research.
Led a 3-member team for initiating sector report on fertilizer & chemicals and steel pipes.
FALCON BROKERAGE (Boutique investment firm)  Mumbai, India.
Led research on real estate and mid-cap businesses which achieved 50-80% ROI from recommended value picks using bottom-up approach and proprietary valuation model.
Designed a detailed valuation model to include layered capital structure, IRR and waterfall analysis for Mumbai’s first ‘Foreign Direct Investment’ compliant real estate project.
National Stock Exchange Certification in Financial Markets ‘Core –  Derivative Module’.
Obtained certification for Association of Mutual Funds in India ‘Advisory Module’  CFA Level 1 candidate (December 2016).Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants                               Apr 12 - present.
GPA: 4.88/5.0 and Dean’s List, Academic Year 08/09 and 10/11.
Standard Chartered, Singapore           Jun 16 - Current Associate, M&A SE Asia.
Assisted the origination and execution of M&A transactions across all sectors in Southeast Asia.
Deal team for the following private and public market mandates:.
Buy-side advisory in relation to acquisition of acquisition of a global satellite company.
Buy-side advisory in relation to acquisition of a regional telecommunications company.
Buy-side advisory in relation to acquisition of a global LNG midstream company.
Sell-side advisory in relation to disposal of an insurance company.
BNP Paribas, Singapore            Jan 15 - June 16 Analyst, FIG Investment Banking APAC.
Assisted the origination and execution of FIG M&A transactions across banking, insurance and asset management verticals in Southeast Asia.
Prepared and updated company profiles, target / buyer analysis and industry research.
Executed transaction workstreams such as valuation, due diligence coordination and assisted in review of legal documentation.
Conducted regulatory research including central bank and Basel frameworks.
Constructed banking and non-life insurance DDM models and merger analysis.
Buy-side advisory in relation to acquisition of a regional reinsurance company.
Buy-side advisory in relation to investment in an Indonesian life insurer with a bancassurance partnership.
Buy-side advisory  in relation to acquisition of an Indonesian bank.
KPMG Corporate Finance, Singapore                                     Feb 14 - Jan 15 Associate, Mergers & Acquisitions.
Assisted the origination and execution of M&A transactions across all sectors in Southeast Asia.
Executed transaction processes such as IM drafting, valuation, due diligence and project management.
Constructed DCF model to assess NPV, IRR and payback for a Waste-to-Energy company.
Buy-side advisory in relation to acquisition of a downstream oil and gas company.
Buy-side advisory in relation to investment in a start-up waste-to-energy company.
Sell-side advisory  in relation to divestment of an engineering solutions company.
Acquired deep understanding of financial accounting principles through the external audit of recognized FIG companies such as UOB, AXIS Bank and SCOR Reinsurance.
Performed variance and trend analysis of fluctuations in clients’ balance sheets and profit and loss statements.
Assessed the strengths and weaknesses of financial business processes and controls and proposed improvements.
Strengthened understanding of treasury, trade finance and credit processes, as well as gained exposure to credit review methodology of banks.
Joined the Executive Committee to lead an overseas adventure camp initiative for the hearing-impaired.
Headed a team of five to handle logistical requirements for an overseas adventure camp for 50 participants.
Spearheaded and conducted a first-aid course to equip volunteers with basic first aid skills.
Attended a two-month basic sign language course to facilitate communication with the camp beneficiaries.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Bloomberg, Factset, Capital IQ, Factiva, MergerMarket, Thomson ONE.Dhiraj Somani               Cell: +65 9126 9996, +91 90043 99231, Email: somani.dhiraj@gmail.com.
Indian School of Business (ISB), (CGPA: 3.41/4.00)                                April, 2013- March, 2014.
Post Graduate Program in Management (Major in Finance and Strategy).
Amongst 17 out of 770 (top 2%) students selected for Merit-based scholarship of INR 10lakhs by the ISB Admissions Office.
Elected President, Finance Club, ISB: Led a team of 6 core members to conduct club level activities (60 members)  o Conceptualized & spearheaded the launch of ISB’s 1st Capital Markets Conclave in Mumbai attracting 25+ eminent speakers.
 Successfully led the student team across both campuses managing logistics (~150 students’ travel & accommodation), speaker reach-out (~50 industry leaders), alumni relations (~120 alumni) and media coverage (~50 media houses) among other activities.
o Torch Bearer Award, ISB Class of 2014 for dedicated service to the ISB community.
Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani, (CGPA: 8.34/10)                                     July, 2005 – May, 2009 Bachelor of Engineering (Hons.), Electronics and Instrumentation                            Awarded performance based scholarship for all 8 semesters.
Close to 7 years of Private Equity, Investment banking experience, working with multi-cultural teams and clients, closing transactions across multiple geographies and sectors.
Senior Manager, Godrej Fund Management, Mumbai, India/ Singapore.
Working as an Investment Professional with the Godrej Real Estate Fund (AUM: ~USD 500 Mn).
Investment evaluation with thorough market research, financial analysis and due diligence of 20+ prospective deals.
Asset management of invested assets, monitoring and analyzing progress of projects against original underwriting.
Instrumental in incorporation and operationalization of a new real estate fund (USD 275 Mn), operational from Singapore.
Currently manage Singapore operations, overlooking investments, investor relations, fund administration and regulatory compliance.
The HongKong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC)                                    May, 2014 – July, 2015.
Associate Vice President – Global Payments and Cash Management, Mumbai, India.
Worked in Corporate Sales role to enhance wallet share and bring new accounts for Payments and Cash Management products.
Investment Banking Analyst – Lifesciences, Agri & Consumer, Mumbai, India.
Worked on Mergers & Acquisitions and Private Equity Funding transactions for Indian clients.
Thought leadership: Brought in 2 new clients based on a primer - Asset-light healthcare delivery models.
Business development: Acquired 4 new clients by presenting business proposals to ~30 prospective clients.
Strategic planning & Market analysis: Built financial models and sales & marketing materials (pitch-books, investor presentation, confidential information memo (CIM), etc.) based on comprehensive understanding of the client’s business models.
Knowledge transfer: Selected by the management to conduct training programs on financial modeling and document formulation.
Private equity fund raising for Eris Lifesciences, a branded generic pharmaceutical company  o Advised and raised growth capital for expansion into new molecules and launch of new products and molecules o Largest ever private equity deal (~$50mn) in the Indian branded pharmaceutical formulations space.
Stake sale of You Look Great, a South India based chain on salons (~$20mn)  o End-to-end involvement with the client; evaluated and pitched plans for organic growth and expansion into new cities.
o Attracted 20 investor bids by preparing a CIM to educate potential investors and gauge deal interests.
Investment Banking Analyst - Telecom, Media and Technology (TMT), London, UK/Mumbai, India.
Worked on M&A, IPO, fund raising and other investment banking transactions for European clients.
Achievement: Awarded the Best Junior Analyst within a pool of 12 Junior Analysts in the department.
Knowledge transfer: Mentored 3 new team members and trained them on sector specific deliverables.
Telecom: $1.5bn Initial Public Offering for TDC, the Danish telecom incumbent o Liaised with different lines of business, client/investor teams to prepare pitches & prospectus; worked from the London office.
Media: $350mn Initial Public Offering for Stroer Out-of-Home Media, the German OOH media company.
o Benchmarked 10 years historical performance - company vs. competition and prepared IPO Request-for-proposal.
Investment Banking Analyst - Media & Telecom, Hyderabad; prepared pitch books as part of the global client coverage team.
Co-owner of one of the 3 franchisees in the ISB Sports League (INR12 lakh, IPL based sports league - 100+ players across 9 sports) o Managed scheduling of games and practice of 40+ highly qualified team players acquired through a player auction.
Leadership at BITS: Treasurer and Senior Core Member (2007 –2008), Instrumentation Forum: Raised sponsorship of INR 1lakh for the Instrumentation team for Apogee (BITS Annual Technical Festival).
Mountain Trekking enthusiast: Hiked 10+ hills in Garhwali Himalayan and Sahyadri (Western ghats) regions.Senior Analyst, Southeast Asia Equity and Debt Capital Markets.
Third year Analyst involved in the execution and origination of Southeast Asian Equity and Debt Capital Markets deals.
Analysed capital structures and cash flows to identify funding alternatives and modelled cash flows to test credit metrics and debt covenants.
Took the lead in monitoring equity performance and positions so as to suggest potential monetization solutions for clients.
Involved in the execution of Investment Grade and High Yield bond offerings including the preparation of the kick-off process, documentation, marketing, and billing and delivery.
Assisted in the origination and coverage of clients through pitches and updates on credit markets, pricing involving bond comparables, credit and debt funding analysis, private placements, and liability management alternatives.
US$5bn multi-tranche bond offering for Petroliam Nasional Berhad.
US$3.5bn dual-tranche bond offering for the Republic of Indonesia.
US$500mm 9.375% 5-year bond offering for Trade and Development Bank of Mongolia.
US$350mm 5.250% 7NC4 bond offering for PT Tower Bersama Infrastructure Tbk.
US$320mm 3.450% 5.25-year bond offering for Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation.
US$300mm 6.750% Perpetual Non-call 5.5-year bond offering for SMC Global Power Holdings.
US$260mm Re-opening of PT Lippo Karawaci Tbk’s 7.000% Notes due 2022 Equity Capital Markets.
Involved in the execution of IPOs including the cornerstone process, pre-marketing, offer structuring to identify an optimal deal size and valuation based on an AVP analysis, and bookbuilding.
Involved in placement situations, including the review of placement agreements, settlement mechanics, and collaborating with other bookrunners to align on all aspects of the placement.
Prepared pitches and response to RFPs to provide capital raising solutions.
Strong working relationship within and outside of investment banking to drive and facilitate trades, and ensure the smooth execution of deals.
US$769mm Bursa Malaysia IPO for Malakoff Corporation Berhad.
Participated in a RFP to be a buy-side advisor for a bank seeking to diversify its business.
Assisted in the preparation of pitches, and internal decks on Southeast Asia’s banking landscape.
Performed research on Sydney’s commercial real estate market to analyse the feasibility of a project.
Assisted in the launch of a Hong Kong-centric fund by preparing roadshow presentations and sales memorandum and coordinating with the Real Estate Team, Private Bankers and Fund House.
Major in Business Administration (Finance) and Economics: Second Class Honours (Upper).
Awarded Distinction for a final year project in collaboration with SGX, titled “Growing Singapore’s ETF Market: Strategies and Survey Evidence”.
•  Highly proficient in the usage of Bloomberg and MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel •  References – Available upon request.Room 2603, Garden East, 222 Queen's Rd E, Wan Chai, Hong Kong •  • (852)-9016-7006.
Long: Sany Heavy, Maple Leaf Education, CR Gas, China Telecom, Universal Display and Coherent (US listed OLED plays), Nihon M&A, Accordia Golf Trust.
Analyzed investment opportunities from the group co.’s strategic angle, worked with legal counsels to design transaction structure, and prepared investment memos and presentations.
Tristar Capital (US$40mn Global Equity L/S Hedge Fund) Hong Kong.
Generalist focusing on China (sectors covered: auto, cyclicals, telecom, gaming and consumer) and select global equity names.
Generated annualized return of 10.1% for my coverage vs Asian HF index’s 6.8% during the same period, Sharpe ratio 1.2 vs 0.9 for Asian HF index, and 20% correlation to Asian HF index. Representative trades:.
Long: Huaneng Re, Kweichow Moutai, China Shenhua, Xtep, Singyes Solar, Melco Intl, Citic Sec, TSMC, Michael Kors, General Motors.
Short: China Rongsheng, Macau Legend, Xinyi Solar, Sun Art, Great Wall Motor, Kone, Tesla, Mobileye.
Performed fundamental analysis and financial projection to identify mispriced opportunities, kept track of high frequency industry data, conducted 3rd party checks, and prepared idea generation/update memos.
Made investment recommendations with a value oriented approach and contrarian bend.
Generalist covering China cyclicals and global semiconductor.
Closed 3 HK IPOs, worked on 4 capital raising and 3 buy-side advisory transactions in TMT, healthcare and industrial space.
Built 20+ financial models, organized and conducted extensive financial, business and legal due diligence, prepared marketing materials and memos, attended Roadshow meetings and answered investors’ questions.
Conducted DD on Chinese companies planning to list in US through reverse takeovers.
Intern (e-Commerce and consumer goods) Jan. 2008 – Jul. 2008.
Conducted primary research through Internet and big data to help buy-side clients develop real-time operating forecast models.
Algorithm Designer for circuit simulation  Sep. 2006 – Aug. 2007.
Finalists for best PhD thesis at top conferences in Europe and Asia Pacific.
Published four papers and two posters at top conferences and journals.
Self-development such as philosophy of Dale Carnegie, Yoga and meditation, Long distance hiking, Documentaries.(+852) 9065 6826｜1 Hoi Wang Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong｜yh850@stern.nyu.edu.
Engaged in various cross-border M&A deals, with responsibilities including coordinating different parties during the execution processes, conducting extensive analysis, due diligence and valuation on the different assets and businesses of the seller parties, and generating regulatory and client internal reporting materials and memorandums.
Intensively involved in the credit rating and bond offering process for multiple companies, mainly responsible for composing the rating presentations, building financial models to forecast future performance and financial soundness, and facilitating the execution of the deals.
Participated in IPO deals, with responsibilities including preparing investor presentations and teasers, drafting internal memo for both the clients and the investors, and completing sound due diligence.
Selected deals: Tianjin Rail Transit’s credit rating (A2/A-/A) and USD500 million offshore debut bond offering, Goldwind Techonology’s credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/-), Datang Environment’s USD263 million Hong Kong IPO, unsuccessful takeover of Molycorp Inc. by a Chinese bidder.
Conducted extensive research and analysis on nine companies for both the International High Dividend Strategy and the Small Cap Strategy, and supported the presentations to the investment committee, with several ideas eventually being incorporated into the firm’s portfolio.
Initiated research effort on one company after thorough screening of global undervalued companies, and presented the idea to the team after careful evaluation, with the stock being put onto the watchlist for continued research.
Analyzed 55 countries to determine the attractiveness of each market and presented findings in a report to the team.
Created presentations for clients and potential investors.
Carefully monitored and constantly collected information on the firm’s portfolios.
Participated in the research and due diligence process of two investment deals.
Conducted industry research and briefed the team with the general environment the target companies operate in.
Performed financial statement analysis and comparable companies analysis on target companies to determine the risk and return on investments.
Constructed investment plan/recommendations with team to present to investment committee.
New York University, Leonard N. Stern School of Business        New York, NY.
B.S. in Business, Concentrating in Finance and Accounting                                                       September 2012 - May 2015.
Activities: Investment Analysis Group, Chinese Student Scholars Association.
• Activities: Berkeley Chinese Student Scholars Association, Berkeley Investment Group, IABC.
Let’s Fly Higher - A Real Account of International Students in New Zealand                                       Auckland, NZ.
Led a team of 21 international students in New Zealand to write a book about their unique experiences studying abroad aimed to inform parents in China who were thinking about sending their children abroad.
Coordinated with Liaoning University Press in China with the publishing process.
Skills: Microsoft Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Outlook, Bloomberg Terminal, Factset, Thomson One, research and analysis.
Interests: gourd flute, basketball, the New York Knicks, cars, travelling, work out, swimming, billiard, a struggling cook.Conduct fundamental research on China-related stocks with focus on companies’ economic moats and franchises.
Build financial models, study annual reports, meet with management of current and potential holdings.
Generate investment ideas and report to portfolio manager. Sector focus: Consumer Goods, Industrial, Financial,.
Conduct fundamental research on China-related stocks with focus on companies’ economic moats and franchises.
Build financial models, study annual reports, meet with management of current and potential holdings.
Generate investment ideas and report to portfolio manager. Sector focus: Consumer Goods, Industrial, Financial,.
Conduct fundamental research on China-related stocks with focus on companies’ economic moats and franchises.
Build financial models, study annual reports, meet with management of current and potential holdings.
Generate investment ideas and report to portfolio manager. Sector focus: Consumer Goods, Industrial, Financial,.
Conduct fundamental research on China-related stocks with focus on companies’ economic moats and franchises.
Build financial models, study annual reports, meet with management of current and potential holdings.
Generate investment ideas and report to portfolio manager. Sector focus: Consumer Goods, Industrial, Financial,.
Conduct fundamental research on China-related stocks with focus on companies’ economic moats and franchises.
Build financial models, study annual reports, meet with management of current and potential holdings.
Generate investment ideas and report to portfolio manager. Sector focus: Consumer Goods, Industrial, Financial,.
(Sell-side) Research Analyst, Research Department, Emperor Securities Limited.
Conducted fundamental research on HK-listed stocks & market conditions and issue various investment publications.
Built financial models, prepare research reports & company updates for selected HK listed companies.
Attended analyst meetings and meetings with companies’ management for in-depth understandings of companies.
Conducted fundamental research on HK-listed stocks & market conditions and issue various investment publications.
Built financial models, prepare research reports & company updates for selected HK listed companies.
Attended analyst meetings and meetings with companies’ management for in-depth understandings of companies.
Conducted fundamental research on HK-listed stocks & market conditions and issue various investment publications.
Built financial models, prepare research reports & company updates for selected HK listed companies.
Attended analyst meetings and meetings with companies’ management for in-depth understandings of companies.
Conducted fundamental research on HK-listed stocks & market conditions and issue various investment publications.
Built financial models, prepare research reports & company updates for selected HK listed companies.
Attended analyst meetings and meetings with companies’ management for in-depth understandings of companies.
Conducted fundamental research on HK-listed stocks & market conditions and issue various investment publications.
Built financial models, prepare research reports & company updates for selected HK listed companies.
Attended analyst meetings and meetings with companies’ management for in-depth understandings of companies.
Investment Analyst, Investment Department, Grandtag Financial Group.
Investment Analyst, Investment Department, Grandtag Financial Group.
Took part in fund of funds management by research on macro economy, all asset classes and individual funds.
Implemented strategic and tactic asset allocation with quantitative analysis and risk management.
Took part in fund of funds management by research on macro economy, all asset classes and individual funds.
Implemented strategic and tactic asset allocation with quantitative analysis and risk management.
Took part in fund of funds management by research on macro economy, all asset classes and individual funds.
Implemented strategic and tactic asset allocation with quantitative analysis and risk management.
Took part in fund of funds management by research on macro economy, all asset classes and individual funds.
Implemented strategic and tactic asset allocation with quantitative analysis and risk management.
Took part in fund of funds management by research on macro economy, all asset classes and individual funds.
Implemented strategic and tactic asset allocation with quantitative analysis and risk management.
Bachelor in Quantitative Finance & Minor Programme in Statistics.
Bachelor in Quantitative Finance & Minor Programme in Statistics.
Bachelor in Quantitative Finance & Minor Programme in Statistics.
Related Course: Introductory Financial Accounting (A), Financial Management(A), Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management (A-), Fixed Income Securities Analysis (A-), Financial Markets (A-), China Finance (A-).
Related Course: Introductory Financial Accounting (A), Financial Management(A), Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management (A-), Fixed Income Securities Analysis (A-), Financial Markets (A-), China Finance (A-).
Related Course: Introductory Financial Accounting (A), Financial Management(A), Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management (A-), Fixed Income Securities Analysis (A-), Financial Markets (A-), China Finance (A-).
Related Course: Introductory Financial Accounting (A), Financial Management(A), Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management (A-), Fixed Income Securities Analysis (A-), Financial Markets (A-), China Finance (A-).
Related Course: Introductory Financial Accounting (A), Financial Management(A), Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management (A-), Fixed Income Securities Analysis (A-), Financial Markets (A-), China Finance (A-).
Invest in Hong Kong listed stocks using fundamental analysis: studying the companies’ annual reports, earning quality, valuation, corporate governance, business model, company news etc.
Invest in Hong Kong listed stocks using fundamental analysis: studying the companies’ annual reports, earning quality, valuation, corporate governance, business model, company news etc.
Invest in Hong Kong listed stocks using fundamental analysis: studying the companies’ annual reports, earning quality, valuation, corporate governance, business model, company news etc.
Invest in Hong Kong listed stocks using fundamental analysis: studying the companies’ annual reports, earning quality, valuation, corporate governance, business model, company news etc.
Invest in Hong Kong listed stocks using fundamental analysis: studying the companies’ annual reports, earning quality, valuation, corporate governance, business model, company news etc.
2nd Runner-up, JP Morgan University Fantasy Fund Manager Competition.
2nd Runner-up, JP Morgan University Fantasy Fund Manager Competition.
2nd Runner-up, JP Morgan University Fantasy Fund Manager Competition.
Constructed a portfolio by analyzing different geographic regions and sectors with emphasis on risk monitoring.
Constructed a portfolio by analyzing different geographic regions and sectors with emphasis on risk monitoring.
Constructed a portfolio by analyzing different geographic regions and sectors with emphasis on risk monitoring.
Constructed a portfolio by analyzing different geographic regions and sectors with emphasis on risk monitoring.
Constructed a portfolio by analyzing different geographic regions and sectors with emphasis on risk monitoring.
Developed the sense of business through practical experience.
Developed the sense of business through practical experience.
Developed the sense of business through practical experience.
Developed the sense of business through practical experience.
Developed the sense of business through practical experience.
Languages: Fluent spoken and written English, Mandarin and Cantonese.
Computer Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel VBA; Intermediate in Bloomberg.
Languages: Fluent spoken and written English, Mandarin and Cantonese.
Computer Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel VBA; Intermediate in Bloomberg.
Languages: Fluent spoken and written English, Mandarin and Cantonese.
Computer Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel VBA; Intermediate in Bloomberg.
Expected Salary: $38,000 - $45,000/Month; Current Annual Salary: $442,000.
Expected Salary: $38,000 - $45,000/Month; Current Annual Salary: $442,000.
Expected Salary: $38,000 - $45,000/Month; Current Annual Salary: $442,000.
Expected Salary: $38,000 - $45,000/Month; Current Annual Salary: $442,000.Contact number: (+65) 9789-6325 Email Address: claytonchewmk@gmail.com.
One out of a pool of 3 juniors supporting 7 investment professionals within the team.
Key responsibilities include financial modeling, production of internal investment committee documents, conducting in-depth industry research and analysis, and portfolio management.
Spearheaded an industry research on the Asian telecommunications space which opened up a new investment sector for the team.
Portfolio management of investments including quarterly valuation of direct and fund-level investments and attending advisory board calls.
AUD 250m equity investment in an Australian Wind Farm (Closed).
Key financial modeler for the transaction including preparing valuation and sensitivity analysis using DCF and precedent transactions.
Drafted 4 Investment Committee papers which were all successfully approved.
USD 200m equity investment in an Indian solar platform (Due diligence).
Prepared valuation and sensitivity analysis using DCF, market comparables and precedent transactions in 3 Investment Committee papers which were all successfully approved.
Performed research on the Indian renewables space and macro environment.
USD 200m equity investment in a Taiwanese solar platform (Closed).
Assisted in formulating hedging strategies and benchmarking management incentive plans.
Conducted macroeconomic research on Asian economics and the renewable energy sector.
Conducted market research, due diligence and constructed valuation models for potential  investments with EVs ranging from USD 50m to 100m.
USD 50m equity investment in an Indonesian telecommunications network developer (Due diligence).
Drafted an analysis on the Indonesian telecommunications market and the target company.
USD 20m equity investment in a Malaysian biodiesel plant (Due diligence).
Performed market research to test viability of such projects.
Constructed a valuation model and performed sensitivity analysis on returns.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Accountancy) with Honors (Specialization in Finance).
Evaluated viability of low beta-high dividend yield investment strategy for Far East ex-Japan equities.
Back-tested portfolio rebalancing frequency to optimize net investment returns.
Assessed Tiger Airways’ fundamentals and prepared a coverage report.
Designed financial model to value Tiger Airways based on relative valuation and DCF.
Participated in the overall organization and execution of the Y-Nature Walk Program.
Involved in the logistics planning to ensure smooth running of the event.
Proficient in Bloomberg, Capital IQ, Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.Oct 2010 - Jul 2013  University of Warwick, Warwick Business School - BSc (Hons) Accounting & Finance.
Jan 2007 - Dec 2008  Anglo-Chinese Junior College, Singapore.
Jul 2013 - Current  PricewaterhouseCoopers Corporate Finance Pte Ltd (Manager, South-east Asia Corporate.
Primary roles are deal execution and origination, including: 3 statement modelling, deal structuring, pricing analyses, project management, conceptualising pitch books and meeting with potential investors and vendors.
Advised Surbana Jurong on the acquisition of SMEC Holdings Limited via a scheme of arrangement (EV c.S$450m).
Advised the shareholders of Phoon Huat & Company (Private) Ltd on the divestment of their business. (S$150 200m).
Advised Cityneon Holdings Limited (SGX:5HJ) on the cross-border acquisition of Victory Hill Exhibitions LLC.
Adviser to a majority shareholder for the purposes of a VGO to delist an SGX listed company (NAV of c.S$400m).
Advised a global logistics company on a dividend recapitalization (c.S$100m).
Advised a fashion retailer for their first round of structured equity fund raising.
Independent financial adviser to CitySpring Infrastructure Management Pte Ltd for the merger of Keppel Infrastructure Trust and CitySpring Infrastructure Trust to form a combined trust with a market capitalization of S$1.4bn.
Jan 2009 - Nov 2010  Republic of Singapore Air Force, (Captain, 3rd Div Air Defence Artillery Battalion)   Promoted to Captain as of 1 July 2017.
Officer Cadet School - Sword of Merit, (Awarded to Top 10% of Cadets based on leadership, attitude, knowledge, fitness, combat proficiency, peer and instructor evaluation).
Assistant to Member of Parliament in Holland-Bukit Timah Group Representative Constituency (GRC).
Met with residents to understand their key concerns, followed by drafting of letters of appeal on behalf of residents.
Apr 2011  John Wesley Public School, Himachal Pradesh, India.
Led a team in the setup and installation of a local intranet for a school in rural India.
Organised staff workshop to teach basic email, Word and PowerPoint skills.
Jun 2011 - Jun 2012  Warwick Singapore Society (Executive Committee Member).
Responsibilities included maintaining a server, web development, disseminating information and announcements on behalf of firms recruiting from Warwick University.
Nov 2007  Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Research Programme (NRP).
  Merit Award for research paper (Digital Image Analysis & Alarm Systems at the School of Computer Engineering).
Computer skills: Excel, Python, Javascript, Bloomberg, ThomsonOne, Factiva, Capital IQ, familiar with VDR interfaces.Distinctions in Analysis of Equities, Finance, Statistics, Financial Instruments and Markets.
Raffles Junior College (top college in Singapore) Jan 2003- Dec 2004.
Offered SIA Cargo Local Undergraduate and IDA Scholarships.
Certificate of Merit for invaluable contributions to Badminton.
Raffles Institution (top high school in Singapore) Jan 1999- Dec 2002.
Financial modeling and stock valuation; client requests; create slides for client pitches and marketing.
Analyze news flow/earnings - sensitivity/impact to stock prices; update internal and external clients.
Market stock recommendations to internal and external clients via regular interactions.
Provide insight into coverage sector with creative research.
Maintain professional working relationships with corporates, enabling clients first-rate corporate access.
Top-ranked regional financials and telcos team in the annual Institutional Investor poll.
General Electric- Financial Management Programme Jan 2011 – July 2011.
Management projects- simplify processes and workflows; financial performance pitches.
Financial Planning & Analysis; controllership- operational finance.
Morgan Stanley – Summer Analyst, Investment Banking (FCG) Division May 2010 - July 2010.
APAC revenue reporting of the IBD via teleconference with HK and Tokyo counterparts.
Pitched work improvement ideas; suggest ways to maximize efficiency of processes.
Accountant General’s Department- Summer Analyst, Treasury Division Apr 2010 - May 2010.
Prepared hedge fund analyst reports- quarterly performance updates for investors.
Monitor third party agencies’ requirements and research on financial and investment products.
Drafted criteria for assessing fund managers by researching on hedge funds.
Royal Bank of Scotland – Summer Analyst, Securitization Finance Apr 2009 - Jul 2009.
Prepared monthly management reports and financial statements for SPVs.
Assisted securitization front office by providing financial advice for each deal.
Involved in the integration process of ABN Amro’s assets with RBS.
KPMG – Summer Analyst, Risk Advisory Services April 2007- May 2007.
Enterprise Risk Management, policy operating manuals, control gaps and flowcharts.
Tracked progress of large risks and controls assessment project for clients.
Research healthcare frameworks, international derivatives trading and gaming regulations.
Represented SMU in Inter-varsity competitions in 2007, 2008 and 2009- Quarterfinalists.
Welfare director - spearhead welfare initiatives to achieve team cohesion.
Secretary of executive committee- record minutes and update team on events and trainings.
Committee member of the Publications, Sponsorship, Sporting and Welfare departments.
Publications journalist- wrote articles for the society which saw a 4-fold increase in readership.
Participated in 2010 POEMS Stock Challenge and Traders Trophy Worldwide Competition.
Lee Kong Chian Scholar’s Programme- Helped organise the Lee Kuan Yew Global Business Plan Competition; Toured Shanghai, Suzhou, Macau and Hong Kong for company visits; Competed in Lee Kuan Yew case competition.
Overseas community service trips to Cambodia, Vietnam and Batam- gave tuition and built roads.
Proficient in both written and verbal English and Chinese/Mandarin.
Adept in Thomson Reuters (Thomson One), Factset, Datastream, CEIC, Bloomberg, Factiva, Excel,.
Twice awarded Certificates of Distinction for multi-disciplinary projects.
Twice awarded Certificates of Distinction for UNSW Mathematics Competition.
Raffles Merit Award for invaluable contributions to Badminton.
Twice awarded Certificates of Distinction for multi-disciplinary projects.
Twice awarded Certificates of Distinction for UNSW Mathematics Competition.
Raffles Merit Award for invaluable contributions to Badminton.
• Asean property- lead coverage of Thai property (EM-focus).
SMU advocate- featured in newspapers during SMU’s recruitment drive.
Asia Summit for Young Leaders 2007- rapporteur, time-keeper and facilitator.
Facilitator for 2 camps, responsible for familiarizing and inducting 25 freshmen into SMU.
Cleaned one-room flats, distributed food rations and performed for elderly/needy.
Organised a National Day Carnival for ZhengHua Primary School.Investment banking division of the Toronto Dominion Bank (5th largest bank in North America, by assets).
Investment Banking Associate (2014 – 2016), Investment Banking Analyst (2011 – 2014),  Summer Analyst Internship (2010).
Analyzed third party financial reports, evaluated and verified capital structure, calculated financial ratios, documented credit history and produced recommendations for more than 20 clients to help them finance growth and improve their capital structure.
Developed detailed financial models and formulated competitive analysis, precedent transaction, DCF, and LBO models to perform valuation for more than US$10B potential acquisitions in aerospace, healthcare, renewable energy, food, and security sectors.
Researched more than 15 client industries to find suitable merger and acquisition opportunities, resulting in frequent quality interactions and enhanced relationships with key clients.
Interpreted financial analyses to create more than 200 presentations, and presented conclusions of a 5-person team during calls and meetings with potential clients.
Supervised a team of 4 analysts, ensuring timely delivery of a quality product while setting challenging objectives and providing learning and development opportunities.
Co-managed the recruitment, and mentored 4 consecutive summer analysts, who all received and accepted offers for full-time analyst position, becoming valuable contributors in the team.
Spearheaded the Quebec Corporate and Investment Banking Charity Auction fundraising campaign in 2015, helping to raise over US$750,000 for a number of children’s charities.
Led a team that organized the first TD Charity Bowling Tournament, raising more than US$6,000 for children.
Managed financial sponsors’ due diligence requests during the sale process of CAE Inc.’s mining division to Constellation Software Inc. for US$25M.
Acted as contact person for potential buyers and 3rd party service providers, and coordinated the go-shop process for Atrium Innovations Inc. in its privatization by Permira and institutional investors for US$1.1B.
Initiated frequent industry updates for the management of Garda World Security Corp. in the context of its US$1.1B privatization by the company’s founders and Apax Partners.
Advised Opmedic Group in its US$33M privatization by its founders, and in its subsequent sale to IntegraMed.
Private Equity Club, Global Leadership Club, Fitness Club GMAT: 730.
Cumulative GPA: 4.0 / 4.3. “With Great Distinction” citation of excellence.
3 scholarships for academic excellence and school community involvement.
LANGUAGES  French (Native), English (Fluent), Spanish (Basic), Mandarin (Beginner).
OTHER EXPERIENCE 2008 - 2011  HEC Montreal Student Investment Fund, Senior Portfolio Manager  Canada.
• Elected by peers as Senior Portfolio Manager. Responsibilities included recruiting and mentoring new members, monitoring the portfolio’s performance and reporting to the Board of Directors.
2009  Chongqing Technology and Business University (“CTBU”) Study and Culture Tour  China.
• Acted as HEC’s ambassador in their first exchange program with CTBU.
Cycling: traveled by bicycle across Thailand, Malaysia, California, Spain and France.Greenhill Cogent (Greenhill Cogent closed its Singapore office in Feb 2017)  Singapore.
Investment Banking Analyst, Private Equity Secondaries   Jul 2016 – Feb 2017.
Participated in 10+ pitches, including buy-side and sell-side secondary trades, fund restructuring and management spin-outs.
Selected project experience: o Listed European Fund of Funds sale of 7 emerging market fund interests to a syndicate of 6 buyers.
Assisted in Buyer introduction calls; reviewed and negotiated NDAs with more than 40 buyers.
Analysed and prepared bid presentation detailing recommendations on portfolio transaction options as well as assisted in negotiation of PSAs, TAs and PCNs.
o Valuation of 10 buyout and venture fund interests for a Japanese Financial Institution.
▪ Assisted in GP calls and due diligence; performed bottom-up valuation of funds by projecting financials of portfolio companies, and making assumptions on exit multiples and timing of exits.
Investment Banking Analyst, Commercial Real Estate   May 2015 – Jun 2016.
Participated in 20+ advisory pitches, including buy-side and sell-side M&A and debt capital financing; prepared valuation analyses, merger and LBO models and client presentations.
o Tikehau Capital’s acquisition of an 80.0% stake in IREIT Global Group, the Manager of IREIT Global.
Prepared valuation of REIT Manager using public company comparables, precedent transactions, and DCF; analysis formed the basis of purchase price allocation between the stake in IREIT Global Group and units in IREIT Global.
Worked with lawyers, auditors and tax advisors to conduct due diligence on IREIT Global Group o Potential S$1.1 billion merger of two industrial S-REITs.
Built a pro-forma merger model to analyse the accretion / dilution impact on unitholders of both S-REITs; recommended an offer premium range that is accretive to unitholders of both S-REITs.
Worked with CEO of the acquiror to create a 3-year financial projection of the target S-REIT using renewal probability, vacancy allowance and attainable psf rental rates.
Investment Banking Summer Analyst, Commercial Real Estate  May – Aug 2014.
Participated in 5+ advisory pitches, including buy-side M&A and equity fund raising; performed market updates including trading comparables and news highlights.
o Lippo Malls Indonesia Retail Trust (“LMIRT”) S$40 million equity raising to part-finance finance its S$385 million acquisition of Lippo Malls Kemang.
Worked with colleagues to build a rent-roll and pro-forma merger model to analyse the accretion / dilution impact of the acquisition for unitholders of LMIRT.
Assisted in drafting of company board papers and presentation materials.
EDUCATION National University of Singapore (Double Degree Programme)  Singapore.
Bachelor of Science (Real Estate), First Class Honours (Valedictorian)  Aug 2010 – May 2015.
Technical Skills: Proficient in Bloomberg and FactSet; trained in M&A and Real Estate modeling  Activities:.
University of Southern California Marshall Real Estate Case Competition 2015 (Champions).
Team leader for the inaugural Forgotten Communities Study Programme.
Assistant art director for the short film “The Piano Tuner”, which starred local actor Alaric Tay  Interests: Backpacking, touch-rugby.Conducted analytical industry research and company screening to identify investment opportunities in TMT, Entertainment, Healthcare and other sectors.
Prepared in-depth qualitative business analysis and quantitative financial/valuation models on selected companies and investment proposals.
Liaised with founders/shareholders of target companies and third-party professionals for deal negotiation.
Led and co-led statutory reporting for 2 SEHK Main Board listed companies with market cap of HKD 13 billion and HKD 17 billion, covering 86 subsidiaries or joint ventures and HKD 34 billion assets.
Engaged in 4 IPO projects of SEHK Main Board listed companies with combined market cap of HKD 18 billion and raised capital of HKD 4 billion, covering Real Estate, Renewable Energy, Consumer Discretionary and etc.
Achieved Highly Effective Performance rating (Top 10%) and supervised 8 professionals as team leader.
In-charged group reporting of a leading automotive dealer to SEHK listed conglomerate, implemented financial review, internal control testing and group reporting reconciliation, and directed 4 professionals and 2 interns.
Participated in a USD 150 million CB financing engagement for a SEHK listed property developer in China.
Analyzed and advised on valuation reports of CNY 7 billion investment properties and leasehold lands.
Performed substantive testing procedures in statutory reporting for largest real estate developer in China.
Collaborated with banks and client’s financial controllers for audit evidence authentication.
Facilitated to organize China International Optical Products Fair (national exhibit sponsored by National Optical Association) and Shenzhen International Wedding Exhibition (largest wedding exhibit in Southern China).
Coordinated exhibition arrangement and marketing campaign with global exhibitors and purchasers.
THE HONG KONG UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  Hong Kong.
Master of Science in Investment Management   Aug 2014 – May 2016.
Dual concentration in Asset Management and Risk Management.
Served as Student Committee Secretary to enrich student’s learning experience by organizing academic and extracurricular activities, and facilitated communication with program director and other mater programs.
Bachelor of Management in Public Affairs Administration  Sep 2007 - Jul 2011.
Served as Class President to administer student affairs and attended university events as class representative.
Registered as University Youth Volunteer Association member and actively participated in on-campus promotion events and off-campus services including Protect Our Mother Yangtze River tree planting campaign.
Membered in Chongqing Conquerors Rugby Club as a core player, contributed to promotion and recruitment events in 4 local universities, competed with 7 teams from 5 cities, and helped to train 2 university teams.
Elected Secretary of Movie Culture Association, managed communications and event planning, and arranged 8 campus movie shows and a film-editing technique lecture, each attracted 100 to150 university students.
Practiced tenor saxophone in school orchestra, performed in school ceremony and Chinese New Year, and passed Grade 1 of Certificate of Art Grade Examination of China.
Passed SFC Paper 1 (Eligible for SFC representative registration).
Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent), Cantonese (Fluent), Japanese (Beginner).Having worked in the investment industry as an investment analyst for 10 years, of which 7 years were with long funds in Hong Kong, I have vigorous research experiences and research capability across multi-sectors (Property, Consumer and Small/Mid cap) in Hong Kong and US markets.
King Yip Group Limited (Family Office of SHKP's Kwok Family).
Assisted to operate the family’s HK/China equity portfolio.
Conducted in-depth fundamental research on Property, Consumer and Small/Mid cap sectors for Hong Kong and Greater China market.
Provided stock picking and sector investment ideas to portfolio manager.
Conducted internal consulting and advised on business strategies for Sun Hung Kai Properties’ listed subsidiaries.
Researched on new investment opportunities on global basis.
(An investment boutique of Franklin Templeton SinoAm in Hong Kong. Franklin Templeton SinoAm, headquartered in Taiwan, manages funds covering Equity, Fixed income and Fund of Funds with AUM of over US$2 billion.).
Prepared financial models and performed fundamental analysis on HK & China Property, Consumer and Internet sectors.
Performed in-depth proprietary industry analysis, interacted with industry experts, suppliers, competitors and customers along the supply chain.
Conducted due diligence by having site visits, attending investment conferences and interviewing with the management teams of listed companies.
Provided stock and sector investment ideas to senior portfolio managers (for 2 China/HK funds and 1 China-focused global fund).
Performed credit analysis and provided investment advice on China real estate bonds to portfolio managers.
Initiated in-depth company coverage and built financial models for Hong Kong listed equities, primarily focusing on China Financial and Utility Sector.
Compiled company, sector research reports and morning notes.
Generated investment ideas for proprietary trading teams and presented investment ideas to institutional clients.
Financial Analytics:   Bloomberg, DataStream, CEIC, Capital IQ and Wind.
Languages:           Native in Mandarin, fluent in Cantonese and English.Native in Mandarin, Fluent in English, Cantonese and Shanghai-Dialect.
Member of Golden Key International Honor Society – UBC Chapter.
Self-motivated finance professional skilled in Financial Modeling, Quantitative and Scenario Analysis.
Adept at tracking and forecasting macroeconomic conditions and industry trends.
Results-driven and goal oriented; Skilled in networking and relationship building.
Build financial models for small and mid cap companies listed on HKEX, SSE and SZSE.
Company coverage includes tourism, education, consumer, packaging and telecom industries.
Conduct financial statements and valuation analysis for use with institutional investors.
Compose research reports and pitch informed stock ideas to influence clients’ investment decisions.
Attend conferences, earnings calls and company visits to gain company insights and market intelligence.
Utilize industry specific data and track market trends in support of company coverage.
Review business and trade publications, annual reports and financial filings.
Generate Non-Deal Roadshow (NDR) meetings with covered companies and investors.
Provide technical support to front line relation managers in Global Banking and Marketing sector.
Monitor terms and conditions of credit applications and set up credit line for global corporate clients.
Review for legality and compliance of incoming applications to mitigate fraud risk.
Advise clients regarding educational and career programs of North American colleges and universities.
Sell to customers via walk-in traffic, incoming phone calls and following up leads.
Develop and implement new policies, procedures and enhance pre-existing services.
Sauder School of Business at University of British Columbia (Vancouver, Canada).
 Recipient of UBC President’s Entrance Scholarship and Dean’s Honor Roll.Successfully completed investment on ECLA student housing project in France (10 million Euro).
Executed convertible debt investment for Healdsburg project in the US (10 million USD).
Executed equity investment for Fusion Resort project in Vietnam (50 million USD).
Executed equity investment for Nature Republic project in Korea (26 million USD).
Participated in acquisition of Vati nursing home project in Japan (1.2 billion JPY).
Participated in equity investments on Klook and Lamei Tour vacation and travel related investments.
Responsible for post investment management of Daydream Island Resort in Australia.
Worked on a number of M&A transactions with a combined value of over $5 billion Australian dollars:.
$1.4 billion joint takeover of Aquila Resources by Baosteel Resources International and Aurizon Holdings.
Advised ASX listed Sundance Resources on its $4 billion African Iron Ore project.
Performed research and analysis into various industries including mining, infrastructure and Consumer sectors.
Designed deal structures, participated in high level deal negotiations and drafted investment related agreements.
Developed and maintained financial models; performed valuations and financial analysis.
Conducted in-depth research and analysis of TMT, real estate, consumer sectors.
Performed valuations using comparable company, precedent transaction and DCF analysis.
Built and updated financial models; performed financial statement analysis.
Undertook industry research and data analysis to determine current and long-term sector trend.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Chinese and English.
Detailed oriented and highly organized; proven ability to work in a high pressure environment.M +852 65799158 | liqing.michael@gmail.com OBJECTIVE: Buy side equity analyst.
China SWF, actively managed long only, focuses on long term public equity investment and market oriented allocation.
Promoted as the chief analyst for firm wide global technology coverage, officially covers close to 20 US stocks across Internet, Semiconductors, Payment, IT Services and Software space, universe contains more than 70 stocks.
Conduct deep dive bottom up research, building financial models, make recommendations on both longer term fundamental view and short term trade ideas; running firm Technology sector model portfolio.
Regular calls with sell side analyst, meetings with management, attending conferences.
Achieved over 65% hit ratio on recommended pair trades with positive skew. Willing to go against crowd based on solid research, for example gained even further long conviction on MBLY after reading Citron’s low quality short report and viewed the sharp stock price reaction as the best buying opportunity.
Frequently voted as top research analyst from monthly PM voting (A key KPI outside recommendation P/L).
Programmed proprietary technical tools on Bloomberg to enhance call timing based on deep understanding of various indicators available in the market including DeMark Indicators.
Directly assist Senior PM in managing the diversified portfolio; conducting fundamental research, monitor portfolios. Conduct portfolio style/risk analysis on regular basis; formulating position strategies.
Cumulatively researched more than 150 US companies including ADR names like BABA, across Tech, Healthcare, and Consumer (Staple/Discretionary), accumulated deep cross industry and company level knowledge.
Regularly monitoring more than 60 companies on fundamental update, valuation level, and constantly making over/underweight recommendations.
Managed HKD Fixed Income Portfolio under direct supervision of Head of Portfolio Management, 80% time spent on deep dive into EU crisis, specifically on Grexit, & US macro, held intensive discussions with external EU experts/analysts, US economists/strategists, conducted various studies on both regular and event-driven basis and reported to supervisor & CIO; 20% time spent on daily portfolio management, including but not limited to attribution analysis, duration rebalance, timing the orders; weekly & monthly presentation to management.
Assisted in managing European equity portfolios, systematically conducted company analysis across Consumer, Media, Real Estate; presented investment findings/thesis in firm-wide monthly investment meeting.
Conducted comprehensive fixed income training (bonds, credit derivatives, and rates derivatives) for clients.
Advised clients in using Bloomberg to build models and price securities; Delivered various fixed income related seminars to clients.
Relocated to HK as the go-to person for fixed income in China Sales Team; traveled weekly to eastern China covering key banking accounts.
2007.5 – 2008.6 | Interactive Business Solutions Pte. Ltd | Singapore.
Co-founder, Chief Interface Designer & Business Development Manager, University Software Start-up Company.
Founded by me and 2 other Computer Engineering graduates; received funding from NTU Ventures; business focused on using Rich Internet Application (Adobe platform) technology to develop software for SMEs; the technology & business model today are frequently referred to as Cloud & SaaS.
Main role was drafting business plan, prospecting potential clients, analyzing requirements and user interface  design (Photoshop mockup, CSS).
Passing all 3 levels consecutively with 75% topics (30/39) graded in the top band.
Master of Applied Economics, National University of Singapore, 2009 – 2010.
Bachelor of Engineering (Hons), Nanyang Technological University of Singapore, 2003 – 2007.
Major in Information & Communication Technology, Minor in Business.
Skills: Advanced Bloomberg user, proficient with office suite, in-depth knowledge with DeMark Indicators.
Languages:  Native Mandarin, fluent English, basic Cantonese.
Interests: University Intervarsity Tennis Player; Standard Charted Full Marathon finisher; Professional photography, featured on various magazines www.michaeleo.com.HEC PARIS - Paris, France, N.1 Business School in Europe ranked by Financial Times for the last seven years Graduated with merit.
University of International Business and Economics - Beijing, China.
Investment / Institutional client manager– Financial markets, 2016 - today.
Industrial Bank.co – N.1 Joint-equity commercial bank in China.
Identifying and analyzing investment opportunities on both domestic and overseas financial markets:.
Derivatives (incl. CLD, CLN, CDS): Standard Chartered Bank (100 million USD).
Public Offering of Fund: :ChinaAMC Cash Income Fund (4 billion RMB) - A shares.
Selling (PingAn Bank 1 billion RMB) and buying financial products.
Due from Placements with Banks and Other Financial Institutions.
Equity research – Sell side analyst (Luxury goods sector), 12/2012 to 01/2016.
N.1 All-Europe Luxury Goods Research Team by Institutional Investors (2013 to 2015).
Co-coverage of the European Luxury Goods sector (incl. LVMH, Kering, Hermes, Prada, Burberry, Swatch, Richemont, Luxottica, Hugo Boss, Tod’s, S.Ferragamo, Moncler and B.Cuccinelli), indirect coverage of US listed stocks (incl. Tiffany, Coach, Michael Kors, JD, Alibaba) and Chinese companies both A shares and H shares (incl. Hengdeli, Emperor Watches and Jewellery, Chow Tai Fook, Luk Fook, Sasa, Bonjour, Samsonite, Hang Lung Properties, Ports, SAIC Motor, Sparkle Roll Group, Yonda, Jahwa, etc.).
Financial Modeling & Valuation (Multiples, DCF, SOTP, etc.).
Publication of in-depth reports aimed at analyzing key industry themes (e.g. demand dynamics, sources of competitive advantage, retail integration opportunities, digital & CRM, merchandising strategies).
Performing strategic industry assessments - including monitoring of market trends, appraisals of brands' pricing and product strategies and analysis of consumer behaviors.
Publication of joint reports with other sectors (IT hardware, HPC, Auto, Beverage, etc.).
Constant dialogue and interaction with sales / traders, companies management and institutional investors.
Cooperation with industry partners and responsible for the coordination and preparation of joint studies (e.g. 'Luxury Retail Evolution' study with Altagamma; 'Digital Frontier' series with ContactLab; 'Global Luxury Cities' series with New West End Company; 'CRM Opportunity' study with Value Lab; 'Measuring Brand and Desirability' series with Promise Consulting).
Research regularly featured on Business of Fashion (BOF) and in the financial press.
(Financial Times, Sole24Ore, Reuters, Bloomberg, Wall Street Journal, etc.).
Organize and attend China filed trip (June 2013, October 2014, May 2015).
Organize and attend Fashion week events (Paris, Milan, London).
Equity research – Sell side analyst (Media sector), 06/2011 to 11/2012.
Coverage of seven European media stocks (Vivendi, JCDecaux, UBM, Reed Elsevier,.
TF1, M6, Page Jaune, BSkyB, Sky Deutschland, NexTRadioTV, NRJ).
Financial modelling & Valuation (Multiples, DCF, SOTP, etc.).
Sector fundamental research (Media in China, M&A in Media, B-to-B Publishing & Ad Agencies, etc.).
Company specific reports (Vivendi, JCDecaux, UBM, Reed Elsevier).
Road shows with corporate (Vivendi, Lagardère, etc.), one to one meeting with clients.
Consulting mission in energy sector, 01/2011 to 03/2011 SOPRA Consulting – Paris, France.
Participation in the arbitration committee including presentations.
Brand strategist for Chinese modern luxury brand “Huishan Zhang”.
Sport: Athlete for ten years (marathon, long distance - competition level), Swimming.
Travelling: Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, South Korea, Germany, Italy, France, Russia, Eastern Europe, Morocco, Vietnam, Cambodia, etc.Blk 619, #20-816, Bukit Panjang Ring Road, Singapore 670619.
Seeking a position as a corporate finance professional to demonstrate my quantitative and analytical skills in a competitive working environment.
Worked on numerous deals, including sell-side and buy-side corporate finance advisory, debt and equity origination; prepared valuation analyses, financial models and client presentations   Selected transaction experience:.
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Trust S$903m Initial Public Offering.
Ensured seamless execution of transaction from start to closing, contributing to, amongst others, trust structuring, financial modeling, conducting due diligence, reviewing of offer documents, seeking regulatory approvals, planning of marketing programs and chairing conference calls for updates and resolution of issues.
Alibaba Group Holding’s S$280m investment in Singapore Post.
Performed financial and valuation analyses based on public company information, industry and market trends, research reports and other sources of information, coupled with DCF and company comparables models  to evaluate potential performance in various investment scenarios.
Cache Logistics Trust S$100m Private Placement for asset acquisitions.
Worked with CFO to create financial projections for use in investor presentations; created DCF model to determine discount required for acquisition to be accretive to existing unitholders.
Assisted with customer calls, due diligence and pricing of securities based on trading multiples and precedent transactions.
Responsible for the pitching of awards and accolades for the business, media marketing releases as well as pitch books used by the department.
Possess strong ability to manage multiple transactions concurrently with a focus on delivering results.
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Institute             Jun 2014 – Present.
Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore          Jul 2008 – Jun 2012.
Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical & Electronic Engineering) and Minor in Business.
Awards: Dean’s List 2011/12, NTU President Research Scholarship, Temasek Foundation – NTU LEARN Scholarship and 1st Runner Up in the Staples® Global EcoEasy Challenge 2011 (for Tertiary Institutions).
Relevant Coursework: Obtained distinctions in Accounting, Business Finance and Management Decision Tools.
Technical: Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel/PowerPoint/Access/Word), C++, SQL, VBA and Bloomberg.
Interests: Valuation analysis via developing Excel based financial models; Technical analysis to identify trends and investment opportunities; Updates on current business news and strategies; Travelling to gain insights on diverse cultures.24 River Valley Close, #18-30, Singapore 238435 • donyew88@gmail.com • +852 96669165.
Stephen M. Ross School of Business, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI              Class of 2013.
Bachelor of Business Administration, Emphasis in Finance, Cumulative GPA: 3.6/4.0; Finance GPA: 3.9/4.0.
Passed CFA Level III and maybe eligible for CFA charter upon completion of required work experience.
Morningstar Investment Management Asia Ltd, Hong Kong & Singapore            Nov 2015 – Present.
• Conducted qualitative and quantitative research on mutual funds, with a focus on Asian fixed-income and Japanese equity strategies; completed interviews with 25 portfolio managers and published fund reports accessed by institutional investors.
• Analysed fund's request for proposals, presentation materials, underlying holdings, and performance attribution; lead in-person interviews with portfolio managers, focusing discussion around five pillars-people, process, portfolio, parent, and price.
• Wrote research rating notes for funds under coverage, assigning scores to all five pillars; pitched analyst ratings for 18 funds to internal rating committee, achieving 100% approval rate.
• Supported lead analyst for Asia ex-Japan equity strategy in putting together annual 12-page sector wrap-up; authored one-page commentary, discussing common investment trends within the region that were highlighted by portfolio managers.
The Connable Office, Inc., Michigan, USA                       Aug 2013 – Sept 2015.
•Assisted CIO of Multi-Family Office with portfolio management across more than USD1B of assets; performed security analysis for internally managed US large-cap equity portfolio and fund research for externally managed strategies.
• Monitored existing positions and generated investment ideas for US large-cap equity portfolio; pitched candidate companies to five-member investment team, resulting in initiation of six positions across industrials and technology sectors.
•Conducted manager due diligence and tracked manager's performance across externally managed US small/mid-cap equity, international equity, fixed income, and absolute return mandates; recommended replacement for US small-cap value manager that was implemented, resulting in higher risk-adjusted active return for US small-cap portfolio.
• Participated in quarterly tactical asset allocation review; provided top-down asset class insights & recommended replacement of natural gas ETF with diversified energy ETF, leading to lower portfolio volatility during oil price correction in 2H2014.
• Participated in sell-side industry conferences; interacted with sell-side analysts and management teams to gain insight into industry trends, resulting in greater awareness of opportunities and risks for US large-cap equity portfolio.
• Evaluated investment opportunities for a SGD50M to 100M long-only Asia-focused deep value equity fund; completed research write-ups for eight investment ideas.
• Assisted with underwriting of auto loan applications and analyzed credit worthiness of small and medium enterprises.
•Assisted with marketing campaigns and preparation of presentation slides for sales pitch to potential clients, closing two deals worth more than $10,000.
Language skills: Advanced level written Mandarin and intermediate level spoken Mandarin; Conversational level Cantonese.
Computer skills: Proficient in Morningstar Direct, Thomson Reuters Eikon, Datastream, and FactSet.
Interests: Cooking, golf, tennis, and kayaking; avid fan of Liverpool Football Club.+852-9600-9822 ‧ b91704040@gmail.com ‧Flat B, 22F., 161-165 Lockhart Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong.
Skills  Proficient in Microsoft Excel/Word, Bloomberg, and TEJ. Familiar with Matlab and R.
Master of Science in Financial Engineering                              July 2009 ~ December 2010.
Core courses taken: Stochastic calculus, Statistics in Finance, Markov Chain, Fixed Income, Financial Engineering and Valuation. Proficient in statistics skills such as Principal and Component Analysis.
Bachelor of Business Administration, Department of International Business    September 2002 ~ June 2006.
Key focuses on Marketing, Finance and Strategy, with alternative interests in Mathematics covering Multivariate Analysis, Linear Algebra, Ordinary Differential Equation and Advanced Statistics.
[Company Info] Maxpro Investment Company is a newly-established Taiwan-based venture capital, focusing on Biotech, Medical devices, Consumer Products and Mobile Internet sectors in Greater China. Maxpro Investment has 2 funds with total size of US$30 million under management.
Investment manager, Asset Management                               October 2014 ~January 2017.
 Responsible for drafting Private Placement Memorandum (PPM), Articles of Association and the contracts with the custodian bank and the fund administration.
Investment – led investment projects across Greater China and the United States.
Led the $1million deal of SyneuRx(6575 TT), the first new drug company qualified for FDA’s.
Breakthrough Therapy Designation program in Taiwan, which generated 2.8x returns with 3500% IRR.
Led the investment evaluation projects and post management of ACT Genomics (Taiwan Biotech;.
$1.5million), Synermore Biologics (Taiwan Biotech; $1million), Foresee Pharmaceuticals (Taiwan.
Biotech; 0.5million), Detekt Technology (Taiwan 3D printing; $0.5 million), Mosa Industrial (Taiwan.
F&B), Didi Kuaidi (China Internet), DiangPing (China Internet) and Cold Genesys (US Biotech).
IIH Assets Management Group                              Shanghai, China / Taipei, Taiwan [Company Info] IIH (Integral Investment Holdings) is an Asia-based asset management firm engaged in private equity and venture capital, focusing on leading private companies in Consumer Products, Healthcare, Clean & Alternative Energy and Mobile Internet sectors in Greater China. IIH has 4 funds with total size of US$200 million under management.
Investment Analyst, Asset Management                                  November 2012 ~June 2014.
Responsible for a US$54 million management buyout deal of a Chinese chain restaurant with 100+ stores  Independently executed the due diligence and conducted all the required financial analysis.
 Involved closely in the negotiation; successfully convinced a bank to lend the management US$25 million by providing and presenting financial/operational analysis that eased the bank’s initial concerns.
Involved in 20+ investment deals across various sectors including Intech Biotech (Taiwan Biotech; $2 million), TUTK (Taiwan IoT; $4 million), Reber Genetics (Taiwan Biotech), Yonho (China F&B), Ji-.
Guamg (Taiwan F&B), Winchannel (China Internet), Dopool (China Internet) and Exbox (China Internet).
Yuanta Securities Investment Consulting Co. Ltd                               Taipei, Taiwan [Company Info] Yuanta Securities, under Yuanta FHC (2885 TT), is the largest securities house in Taiwan, with dominant market share of nearly 12% in brokerage and 20% in margin financing business.
Research Associate, Upstream Tech Team, Equity Research                   June 2011 ~October 2012.
Worked closely with the Head of Upstream Tech in covering 30+ tech stocks across various sectors including Foundry, IC Assembly & Testing, IC design, TFT, Touch panel, memory, LED and PCB.
Given opportunity and responsibility to pen reports on behalf of senior analysts, visit companies, build/adjust models, present in internal meetings, and respond queries raised by distribution team.
Collaborated with Yuanta IBD team and independently wrote a research report of Asmedia (5269 TT) – a subsidiary of Asustek (2357 TT) with focus on high-speed interface transmission chips (e.g. USB 3.0 and thunderbolt). This later helped the firm successfully secure the OTC listing deal.
Analyzed iML (3638 TT) through its p-gamma IC business in iPad and Macbook. View: Downgrade to HOLD given lack of catalysts. Stock underperformed TAIEX by 30% in 2H12.
Intern, Asia Pacific Semiconductors Team, Equity Research                    July 2010 ~ August 2010.
Worked closely with the Asia Pacific Semiconductors team in assisting analysts’ coverage on Taiwan foundry, IC assembly and testing, IC design, and DRAM sectors.UOB KAY HIAN                                             Singapore   Investment Analyst, Equity Research  January 2016 - Present.
Research coverage of 11 public equities across land transport, healthcare, technology and consumer sectors.
Core functions include undertaking in-depth investment research, monitoring the Asia macro environment and tracking industry developments.
Full understanding of financial accounting concepts as well as various valuation methodologies.
Build complex financial models from ground up; perform sensitivity and scenario analysis.
Led three initiation reports and also developed the pre-deal report for coffee shop operator Kimly Group, which opened trading at 120% above IPO price.
Responsible for organizing non-deal investor roadshows as well as assisting in client calls and requests.
Maintain strong relationships with portfolio companies through meetings and interviews with managements, site visits as well as attending conferences.
Financial Analyst, Product Management  August 2013 - December 2015.
Product Manager for 12 Asia-Pacific and Emerging Markets private equity funds with over USD 5.2b AUM.
Acted as primary contact for institutional clients globally.
Established close relationships and good communication channels with limited partners through providing assistance in client requests and due diligence questionnaires.
Assisted in origination initiatives through developing pitch book, update presentations, fact sheets and investment commentaries for respective programs.
Formulated over 100 investment research reports through performing research analysis related to portfolio positioning, operational development and valuation movement.
Monitored private equity news and documented relevant macroeconomic and industry specific events.
Performed audit and risk assessment of internal controls for US GAAP companies.
Provided advisory services for clients in areas regarding IFRS regulatory and US GAAP compliance.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Accountancy), Honours                         August 2009 -  June 2013  • Dean’s List for Academic year of 2011.
UNIVERSITA COMMERCIALE LUIGI BOCCONI     Milan, Italy  International Student Exchange Program                                                        January 2011 -  June 2011.
RAFFLES JUNIOR COLLEGE  Singapore  GCE Advanced Level Examination                                                         January 2007 -  December 2008.(+852) 9545 0943 | lucas.p.goh@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/lucasgoh.
Investment Banking Analyst, Natural Resources/Energy Group  June 2015 – Present.
  Covered clients in the Asia-Pacific region ex-Japan, and worked on a wide range of M&A and capital markets transactions, including both buy-side and sell-side M&A, minority investments, take-privates, cross-border situations, corporate restructurings, IPOs, and debt financings   Led and coordinated the summer internship recruitment process, including screening, interviewing, and selecting candidates   Selected Transaction Experience (Lead Analyst):.
Buy-side advisor to Sinopec on its US$900MM acquisition of Chevron’s South Africa and Botswana downstream assets.
Worked directly with client’s senior management, engineering teams, and external advisors to construct operation and valuation model using comparable companies, precedent transactions, replacement cost, SOTP, and DCF methodologies.
Analyzed and determined optimal acquisition structure and incorporated future segment spin-off considerations and multiple different scenarios into the valuation model based on results from due diligence and discussions.
Buy-side advisor to Sinopec on its US$1.3Bn minority stake acquisition in Sibur.
Developed valuation model using comparable companies, precedent transactions, and DCF based on key value drivers, with assumptions and projections for 10+ products, and was successfully used in negotiations.
Coordinated work flows related to M&A analysis, including preparation of client presentations, valuation, memos, due diligence, and interacted directly with both buyer and seller’s senior management and external advisors.
Buy-side advisor to a Korea-listed conglomerate on its US$1.0-1.5Bn cross-border acquisition in the Chemicals space.
Prepared target valuation, including IRR and sensitivity analyses, based on key value drivers such as mass balance, capacity throughput, utilization rates, and cost, price, and volume projections for all products.
Conducted due diligence and created client presentations discussing trends and outlook on the global petrochemicals industry, including asset analysis, strategic positioning, benchmarking studies, and potential concerns and mitigants.
€11Bn debt financing for a cross-border merger in the integrated Oil & Gas space.
Constructed a credit analysis model based on S&P and Moody’s metrics; analysis showed that the balance sheet can support additional debt while remaining investment grade, and was successfully used in the Highly Confident Letter.
Prepared the Highly Confident Letter, client presentations, internal documents, and memos for the Credit Committee  o Buy-side advisor to a HK-listed conglomerate on its US$1.0-2Bn cross-border asset acquisition in the upstream Oil & Gas space.
Formulated a list of potential acquisition candidates in the Oil & Gas E&P space through attending client meetings and working closely with client’s senior management, senior bankers, and internal global team.
Narrowed down and recommended the 3 best acquisition candidates after initiating substantial research, discussions, and analyses based on financial criteria such as cost break-evens, asset type, location, NAV, and potential synergies.
US$600MM IPO of an integrated energy technology and consulting company.
Worked closely with senior management to analyze, restructure, and combine different business divisions in preparation for an IPO.
Conducted extensive research on the Oil & Gas technology sector, including macro environmental trends, listing advantages in different regions, and identified and selected public company comparables to be used in IPO valuation.
Investment Banking Summer Analyst, Technology, Media & Telecommunications Group  June 2014 – August 2014.
Analyzed financial statements and prepared company valuations using DCF, SOTP, comparable companies, and precedent transactions.
Created pitch books covering all of Asia ex-Japan, prepared transaction/presentation/marketing materials, and assisted in the execution of various business development pitches and live deals.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) World Markets  Vancouver, Canada.
Sales and Trading Summer Analyst, Equities, Fixed Income and Foreign Exchange  June 2013 – August 2013.
Analyzed debt, currencies, derivatives and equity investment opportunities across various different asset classes, industries and sectors.
Generated trading ideas, analyses, and reports through gathering data, analyzing micro and macroeconomic news, market trends, fundamental and technical analysis, and discussions with clients, research analysts, sales people and traders.
  Co-Founded an online B2C marketplace focused on new ideas and technologies in the online discount group buying space   Attained 600+ customers, 2,300+ followers on social media and formed partnerships with 50+ local and international retailers.
EDUCATION Sauder School of Business, University of British Columbia  Vancouver, Canada.
Graduated with Honors (GPA: 3.8) and awarded Dean’s Honor Roll and Undergraduate Society’s Outstanding Contributions Award.
President of UBC’s International Business Club (240+ members and 2,000+ followers through social media).
Certifications & Training: Hong Kong Paper 1 (Securities and Futures Regulation) and Paper 16 (Sponsors Regulation).
Other Activities: Military Service (Republic of Singapore Air Force, 2010 – 2011).
Interests: Competitive Basketball; Competitive Table-tennis; Gym; Movies; Entrepreneurship; Shark Tank; Travelling; Food; Nutrition.Languages: English (Fluent), Bahasa Indonesia (Fluent) and Tagalog (conversation).
Aug 2013 – Present UOB Venture Management Pte Ltd, Singapore.
Immediately after joining the company, Edwin was tasked to establish UOB Venture Management’s Indonesia Representative Office in Jakarta which was set up with primary objectives is to build and to strengthen UOB Venture Management’s brand name in Indonesia with business owners, companies’ senior management, consultants and investment bankers. He also helped in due diligence during UOB Venture Management’s fund raising during the visits to Jakarta to meet the existing and prospective investee companies.
He held the Chief Representative Officer till Dec 2015.  After stepping down, he continues to oversee the operation of the Indonesia Representative Office. The current Chief Representative Officer reports to him.
Edwin is the Indonesia primary contact person for deal sourcing and managing the investment process (due diligence, negotiations, documentation, etc), monitoring of portfolio companies till divestments.
Edwin was responsible for ING Bank’s debt restructuring in Asia (8 branches – Singapore, Seoul, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Taipei, Manila, and Labuan).  He prepared approval package proposing quarterly loan loss provisions and write-offs for Asia for approval from Global Credit Restructuring in Head Office (Amsterdam).
He dealt with external auditors and regulator for matters related to problem loans, loan loss provisions and write-offs.  He alsp assisted ING Vysya Bank, India in the quarterly loan loss provisions approval process.
Achieved KPI target of Euro10 million release in loan loss provisions each year from 2009 – 2011.  In 2012, a release of over Euro 20 in loan loss provisions was attained.
Collected US$8.4 million from a Singapore based shipping company (100% recovery).
Completed the restructuring of one of the world’s leading car leather seat manufacturers with head office in US.  Total ING’s exposure in this leverage financing deal is approximately US$35 million. The company is on the right track for recovery and has been making voluntary prepayments to reduce the debt level.
Completed the recovery of USD 8 million in loans extended to a Korean home appliances manufacturer. This was a Leverage Financing Deal turned bad following the crisis.
Successfully restructured the bank’s exposures to one of Taiwan’s largest memory chip testing companies and fully recovered approximately Euro 21 million of outstanding in 2011.
Part of the steering committee of a Hong Kong listed company Peace Mark Group (in liquidation) which the bank had approximately Euro70 million loans. Actively involved in the negotiation process to dispose the security (shares in Singapore’s leading luxury watch retailer, Sincere Watch Limited) to a consortium of investors.
Completed the restructuring of a Singapore based publicly listed shipping trust with total liabilities (including commitments) of the Company is close to S$1 billion.  The account was transferred back to the front office after the successful debt restructuring.
Recovers JPY4.52 billion by way of a loan sale.  The exposure disposed was the bank’s JPY5 billion unsecured facility to a Japanese finance company. The company went into bankruptcy a year after the sale.
Successfully recover bank’s exposures to a leading global manufacturer of unattended payment systems with operations mainly in Japan and USA.  The amount recovers approx. USD26 million.
Actively managing the restructuring of mdf, timber flooring manufacturing group of companies in China.  This is a leverage finance transaction that went bad after the 2008 crisis and mismanaged by the private equity sponsor.
Involve in ongoing restructuring negotiations of publicly listed shipping company (dry bulk) in Indonesia.  ING’s total debt exposure is over USD 60 million.
Involve in ongoing restructuring negotiations of publicly listed shipping company (tanker) in Indonesia.  ING’s total debt exposure is over USD 90 million.
Dec 2007 – Aug 2008 PricewaterhouseCoopers Singapore, Singapore.
Performed a financial due diligence review on biomass (using Empty Fruit Bunch) and biogas (from waste water from palm oil mills) power plants for M&A transactions.
Reviewed of financial model for financing the acquisition of telecommunication towers in Indonesia.  Analyzed and commented on the model prepared by client.
Conducted an acquisition financial due diligence review on a steel drum manufacturing business in Singapore on behalf of a German industrial client.
Assisted a Malaysian Group in the preparation of financial model and business plan for a hospital project in one of the countries in Indo-China.
Performed a financial due diligence review for acquisition of a publicly listed IT Services provider in Singapore for a Japanese conglomerate.
Jul 2006 – Aug 2007 Debt Free Direct Australia Pty Ltd, Sydney, Australia.
Finance, Accounting & Admin. Manager (Part-time employment).
Maintained the company’s accounting records using MYOB accounting software.
Prepared monthly financial statements, bank reconciliation, cash flow projections for the following month.
Analyzed monthly the performance of the company vs budget.  .
Prepared Debt Free Direct Australia’s strategic long-term projections for discussion with head office in London.
Handled other company matters related to taxation, payroll, superannuation, purchases and payment to creditors.
Provided various services in the areas of corporate finance, fund-raising, debt restructuring, merger and acquisition, valuations, etc. Some of the transactions and appointments include:.
Successfully completed an M&A transaction of food business.
Successfully completed a fundraising exercise (bank loan) of Rp10 billion for a finance company, a subsidiary of one of the largest public listed bank.
Acted as an independent financial advisor to the board of directors of a local business group.
Assisted a listed cable manufacturing company in debt restructuring, fundraising (USD 4 million) and improving its corporate planning and budgeting division.
Successfully completed an M&A transaction of a cultured milk-based health drink business.
Assisted a local rayon staple fiber and associated products producer belonging to a multinational group in the preparation of a report for an arbitration tribunal in Singapore.
Assisted a palm oil plantation in raising financing from bank.
Involved in several debt restructuring assignments, which among others involved reviewing the existing financial position and trading performance, stabilizing the companies, negotiating with creditors, proposing and implementing acceptable restructuring scheme, monitoring the companies’ cash flows and ensure that all the statutory requirements are met.
Manager in charge of a profitable Members’ Voluntary Liquidation Division of KPMG Singapore generating turnover of approximately S$1.5 – 2 million per annum; overseeing the process of voluntary liquidations to ensure that all the statutory requirements are met.
Sep 1998 – Sep 2000 PT Ernst & Young Consulting, Jakarta, Indonesia.
Advised various clients in corporate finance related areas such as debt restructuring, M&A, valuation.  The transactions and appointments include:.
Manager in charge of a workout on Humpuss Group (IBRA/BPPN).
Manager in charge of a workout on a property company, PT Bakrie Swasakti Utama (IBRA/BPPN).
Manager in charge of a workout on Mantrust Group (IBRA/BPPN).
Manager in charge of a workout on Rajawali Group (IBRA/BPPN).
Due diligence on one of the listed cement companies in Indonesia on behalf of a foreign investor.
Manager in charge of a workout on a listed distribution company in Indonesia.
Manager in charge of a workout on a listed industrial glue manufacturer.
Due diligence on a listed palm oil plantation company in Indonesia on behalf of a foreign investor.
Manager in charge of a workout on a listed packaging company.
Manager in charge of a workout on a leading PET manufacturer.
Manager in charge of a workout on a listed kaolin mining company.
Member of the expert witness team to defend a state owned company against a US$3.2 billion litigation.
Manager in charge of a workout on a galvanized iron sheet manufacturer.
Sep 1994 – May 1998 PT Paribas Asia Equity, Jakarta, Indonesia.
Analyzed publicly listed companies in Indonesia and provided recommendations to institutional investors/fund managers to support their investment decisions.  Sectors under coverage:  Banking and Finance, Manufacturing.
Played active roles in the Paribas Asia Equity’s annual road show event: “The Indonesian Banking Seminar” in Hong Kong and Singapore.
Assisted the Research Director in managing the day-to-day operations of the Research Department such as scheduling the deadlines for research reports, etc.
Responsible for compilation of branches and divisional operating plans and budgets.
Analyzed and monitored actual performance of the branches against their budgets.
Worked closely with the bank’s top managements in the preparation of the bank’s five-year planning.
Provided the bank’s management with regular analysis and studies about trends, issues and other significant factors that related to the banking industry.
Conducted detailed management audit on companies belonging to the Salim Group.
Extensive exposures to various industries such as finance company, property and automotive.
Jun 2006 – Jul 2007 Macquarie University Applied Finance, Sydney, Australia.
The Institute of Banking and Finance Singapore – Rules and Regulations for Advising Corporate Finance.
KPMG - Debt Restructuring from a Banking Perspective Workshop.
BUTTERWORTHS PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATION (In association with Law Society of Singapore) – Bankruptcy and Corporate Insolvency Conference.
THE LEARNING POINT PRESENTATIONS SCHOOL - Winning Presentation Seminar.
THOMSON BANKWATCH - Techniques of Bank Analysis in Asia Workshop.
THOMSON BANKWATCH - Assessing the Credit Risks of Asian Banks Workshop.
EURODAVID INTERNATIONAL LTD. - Evaluation of Banks Workshop.
SALIM GROUP IN-HOUSE TRAINING - Various training and seminars on business management, accounting, auditing, tax and financial management.
Telephone: +65 66805702 (home); +65 98117412 (SG Mobile); +62 82216027074 (Indonesia Mobile).
Current address: 30 Bayshore Road #22-06, The Bayshore, Tower 2A, Singapore 469974.Email: aaron.ge80@gmail.com, Mobile Phone: +852-6391-5218.
Libra Capital (Alibaba/Ant Financial), HK, Director & Senior Investment Analyst      Sep 2012 – Now.
Covering industrials, consumer, commodities, and environmental services with ~50 stocks  Investment on both A and H shares, with ~50% resources spending in A shares from ‘12.
Idea generation for both long-biased strategy hedge fund and QFII fund (for Nordea Bank).
Supporting CIO on portfolio construction and risk management.
Portfolio outperformed MSCI China & CSI 300 by ~35-45% since Jan 2015.
Conducting business development for Ant Financial’s wealth management unit.
Covering Hong Kong listed coking coal and non-ferrous metals stocks.
Panel votes from AllianceBernstain, Baring, BlackRock, Capital Intl, Fidelity Intl, FMR, GIC, JP Morgan, Mirae AM, Och Ziff, Perry, RCM, SAC, UBS AM, Value Partner, Wellington, etc.
Covering Hong Kong and Korea listed steel and non-ferrous metals stocks.
Hanwha Corporation, Seoul, Petrochemicals Trading   Oct 2004 - Aug 2006.
Basic Petrochemical Team, Oil and Petrochemical Department.
Trading aromatics, acetone and phenol (with Formosa, LG Petro, BP, PetroChina, Sinochem, etc).
Beijing University (Peking University), Beijing, China   Sept 1998 - July 2002 Double B.A. in Economics (CCER) and Korean Language and Culture.
Indiana University, Bloomington, United States    Aug 2002 - Jan 2006.
Master of Arts in East Asian Studies (East Asian Political Economy), on campus during 2002-03.
Exchange to Yonsei University / Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea     2001 / 2004.
Korean Studies (China-Korea government sponsored exchange program).
Full scholarships for Indiana-Yonsei Graduate Student Exchange Program   Spring 2004.
Scholarship - Societies of Friends on Korean Studies Fellowship, Indiana University        2002 - 2003.
Collage of Arts and Science Full Tuition Waiver Scholarship, Indiana University   2002 - 2004 Full Scholarship of China-Korea National Student Exchange Program   July 2001 - Dec 2001.
Special Award for Social Activity for service in Radio Station, Beijing University  1999 - 2000.
Language: Chinese (native), English (fluent), Korean (good in reading and speaking).
Extra curriculum: Tennis: Highest rank of 206 in HK; Representing Kornhill Recreation Club for HKTA.Master of Finance with concentration in Financial Engineering.
Courses: Mathematical Techniques of Finance: A; Asset Valuation: A; Financial Engineering: A-; Risk Management: A-.
Bachelor of Engineering in Software Engineering; Concentration in System Programming.
Graduation thesis on “Analysis & Design of the Embedded Database Micro-DB System” (ranked top 10%).
Designed data access algorithm by B-tree and constructed SQL analyzer by Lex & Yacc.
Projects experience in C/C++, Java, KDB+ q, SQL, Python; proficiency in Linux programming.
Credit Suisse             Equity Research          Research Associate        Oct 2014 - Present.
Perform fundamental equity research analysis on China autos & auto parts, and new energy battery sector.
Prepare company initiation / sector reports; manage and update industry master database.
Assist to conduct bottom-up analysis using highly detailed financial models and assessing key valuation metrics to identify compelling investment opportunities.
Assist to complete day to day client requests and conduct regularly channel check.
Initiated coverage on three consumer-sector companies; built financial models and created industry database.
Produced two pre-IPO research reports and participated in IPO roadshows.
Produced 10 corporate assessment reports on listed companies under Beijing Municipal SASAC for SASAC’s annual review.
Awarded as the best financial engineering team in China by New Fortune Magazine 2011, 2012.
Developed an automated trading platform; built option market trading and arbitrage monitoring system.
Deployed and supported quantitative strategies: designed and optimized algorithmic and HF trading strategies in KDB+.
Portfolio management: constructing optimal risky portfolio; applying regression model for Beta estimation.
Pricing modeling: practiced Extended Vasicek, Monte Carlo simulation with Antithetic, Finite Difference Methods; Extended.
B-S by Geometric Brownian Motion with stochastic volatility and jump diffusion; Designing and pricing Equity Linked Notes.
Risk management: applied GARCH model, VaR Historical Simulation and model building method, worst case scenario analysis.
Interactive Graphics System: Implementing graphics transformation, seed fill algorithm, Cohen-Sutherland algorithm,.
Sep 2006 - Jun 2007 People's Scholarship of Nanjing University.
Oct 2007 - Dec 2007 Certificate of KPMG& SIFE financial analysis training program; SIFE China Valuable Contribution Members.
Jul 2008 - Aug 2008 Certificate of IBM Advanced Electronic-Business Engineering.
Proficiency in C/C++, Java, SQL and Python programming; Excel / VBA modeling; Bloomberg.University of International Business and Economics, Beijing                                                   Sep 05 - Jul 09.
Ranked top 1% in class, GPA 3.8/4.0, National Scholarship (top 1%), Outstanding Graduate (top 5%).
Passed CFA Level 2, and SFC Type 4 (advising on securities) license holder.
(Long-only fund specialized in emerging market consumer equities with AUM of $3bn).
Lead analyst for food & beverage, catering, and beauty sectors in Greater China with a mandate of USD500mn. Generate investment ideas to portfolio manager through the bottom-up approach. Stock calls including: Haitian Flavoring, AmorePacific, China Resource Beer, etc.
Performed financial modeling, on-site visits, and channel check for 15 coverage companies, and maintained relationship with the management through regular communications.
Engaged holding company to achieve better ESG (environmental, social and governance) practice. Café de Coral became the first batch of ESG reporting companies in HK under our guidance.
Engaged in client liaison on Asia fund strategies with UK/US-based institutions, presented in 2013 Arisaig Consumer Symposium. Contributed to team publications and marketing presentations.
(Year 2010 UCITS Hedge Awards Best Relative Value Fixed Income Fund).
Worked closely with portfolio manager to develop convertible bond strategies and conduct fundamental credit and equity researches on a global mandate of EUR200mn.
Built convertible bond valuation models for over 100 companies.
Monitored portfolio constituents, analyzed news flows, updated financial forecasts and risk profiles.
Reconciled daily cash and margin account position, and recovered EUR50mn loss for the desk.
(A leading fund of funds advisor – Investment Consultant of the Year by Global Investor magazine).
Established contacts and applied fund appraisal matrices on +100 hedge fund managers in China through calls and questionnaires. Over 10 funds were shortlisted in the database.
(Private equity fund under New Hope Group, specialized in China consumer sector).
Performed strategic analysis and financial modeling on deals in catering (USD130mn), and healthcare sectors (USD10mn). Presented feasibility report to investment committee.
Computer Skills: MS Office, Bloomberg Terminal, Thomson One, Wind.
Language: English (Fluent), Mandarin (Native), French(Basic).
Volunteering: Specialist volunteer for VIP-guest translation for 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
Interests: Travelling (for skiing, paragliding, backpacking), Tennis.Investment Banking Analyst, Mergers & Acquisitions  Jul 2016 – present.
Participated in the execution of multiple sell-side & buy-side cross-border M&A transactions as well as preparation of various client marketing materials; performed valuation analysis including DCF, LBO, merger analysis and SOTP.
o  Potential US$800m cross-border sale of a leading Chinese medical device manufacturer.
Directly worked with client’s senior management to prepare financial projections and DCF valuation.
Contributed major effort in the drafting of teaser, Information Memorandum and Management Presentation.
Assisted in the preparation of various client materials including valuation overview and NBO analysis.
Supported process facilitation including maintenance of buyer interactions, Q&A process management and advisors coordination.
Participated in on-site due diligence sessions as well as management interviews o  Chinese water treatment company’s potential US$1.5bn acquisition of an Israeli micro-irrigation solutions provider.
Formulated various client presentations including valuation deck and transaction structure analysis.
Assisted in project facilitation including transaction documents drafting and Q&A coordination o  Potential US$300m sale of a leading German financial institution’s commercial banking & wealth management business in India.
Involved in the preparation of Management Presentation and detailed financial projections for the company.
Supported process facilitation including data room maintenance, Q&A process management and buyer communication  o  Worked directly with Regional Head on producing various marketing materials mainly within consumer sector; prepared discussion materials with merger analysis, LBO analysis and other valuation considerations.
Investment Banking Summer Analyst, Financial Institutions Group  Jun 2015 – Aug 2015.
Directly reported to VP & Director on a rating advisory for a listed securities firm’s first rating, focusing on company presentation covering industry overview, credit highlight & financial analysis.
Completed 2 RFPs consecutively within 1 week, focusing on investment highlights and preliminary valuation for a US$300m HK IPO of a Taiwanese securities firm and a RMB90bn HK IPO for a Chinese reinsurance company.
Conducted extensive industry research on China P2P lending platform for a Chinese P2P platform’s US IPO.
Proposed a domestic merger in Thailand banking industry, completed in 24 hours & ranked 2nd out of 7 intern projects.
Supported live transaction execution and various sell-side & buy-side pitches covering consumer / logistics industries.
Assisted on live deals including drafting Information Memorandum, conducting comparable analysis and updating valuation model.
Successfully set up an introductory call between director and a potential SEA healthcare M&A target via cold calling.
Languages: Mandarin (Native), English (Proficient), Cantonese (Conversational).
Technical Skills: Microsoft Office, VBA, FactSet, Bloomberg Terminal, Thomson Reuters Eikon.
Interests: Piano (Level 10 certificate), Music, Traveling, Movies, Ballet.PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd, Singapore  Jul 2015 to Present.
Mergers and Acquisitions (Financial Due Diligence) – Senior Associate.
Critically analysed the financials of target companies and highlighted to buyers key issues and pitfalls that potentially affect the valuation of the transaction. These included evaluating earnings sustainability, assessing the quality of net assets, determining optimal working capital levels, normalising cash flows, identifying debtlike obligations and proposing due diligence adjustments.
Worked closely with private equity clients by furnishing analyses tailored for their model input and refining/validating their financial models.
Experience with corporate acquisition deals include Surbana Jurong’s S$400 million acquisition of SMEC.
(global infrastructure consultancy firm based in Australia); Rowsley Ltd’s S$64 million investment in Hotel Football, Café Football and GG Collections (hospitality and F&B businesses in the UK); Brenntag’s acquisition of EPChem (a distributor of specialty chemicals in AsiaPac, undisclosed amount); and Singaporelisted ARA Asset Management’s acquisition of 50% stake in Capital Square (office property in Singapore, undisclosed amount).
Experience with private equity deals include Northstar’s proposed S$331 million acquisition of Singapore-listed Innovalues Ltd (precision automotive components manufacturer); Macquarie Capital’s US$60 million investment into IO (leading global provider of data center services); ShawKwei & Partners’ S$51 million acquisition and privatisation of Chosen Holdings (plastic solutions manufacturer); and Varde Partners’ undisclosed bid for Ascendas Hospitality Trust. Other non-public deals include a fitness center operator with 50 clubs in Southeast Asia and a private education group with schools across all educational segments in the region.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore  Sep 2013 to Jun 2015.
Recurring portfolio of clients include global leading freight forwarders, major regional players in logistics and ecommerce solutions, and large energy and commodity trading companies.
One of only three second-year associates to earn a transfer into the Advisory M&A (FDD) department the following year.
Chartered Accountant of Singapore Chartered Financial Analyst - 2017 Level III CFA Candidate Singapore Management University - Bachelor of Accountancy with major in Finance   Aug 2009 to Jul 2013.
  Attended the Maastricht University School of Business and Economics (The Netherlands) International Exchange Programme (Sep to Dec 2011).
Represented PwC at charity tournaments and the annual Institute of Chartered Accountants Games for football and ultimate frisbee.
Founded and captained the pioneer PwC Ultimate Frisbee team in 2013; captained the PwC Football team in 2014.
Volunteer - PwC’s CSR initiatives and firm engagement activities Sep 2013 to Present.
Planned activities to engage the firm in the roll out of PwC Network’s global transformation initiative to refine its culture and values as PwC Singapore’s Culture & Values Staff Champion in 2016.
Organising Committee for the inaugural PwC Experience Run in Nov 2014 and 2015.
Logistics Coordinator for the PwC Overseas Community Project’s team of 22 volunteers to Luang Prabang, Laos in Aug 2014.
Advanced Microsoft Excel for spreadsheet modeling and complex data analysis.
Experience with SQL language to retrieve and manage data from databases.
Financial databases such as Bloomberg, ThomsonOne, Capital IQ.July 2013 ‒ Current  DEUTSCHE BANK, Corporate Finance Associate.
Buy-side advisor to a global insurance company in the acquisition of a leading Malaysia general insurer.
Buy-side advisor to a leading Singapore power company in the acquisition of European gas assets.
Sell-side adviser to Indonesia Port Corporation in the US$250 million extension of the management concession with Hutchison Port Indonesia.
Joint Bookrunner (“JBR”) for the Initial Public Offering of BW LPG.
Lead Manager in the issuance of a US$550 million syndicated loan for.
JBR in the US$168 million placement for First Gen Corporation.
JBR for the US$60 million secondary placement of Century Pacific Food Inc shares for Century Pacific Group Inc.
June 2012 ‒ June 2013 DELOITTE & TOUCHE CORPORATE FINANCE, Corporate Finance Analyst.
Buy-side advisory role to a large Japanese conglomerate worth over US$50 million. Identified potential targets for acquisition and facilitated the client-target meetings for initial discussions.
Sell-side adviser to SHC Capital Asia Limited in its S$113m, sale of assets to ERGO International AG.
Request for Proposal (“RFP”) for a Japanese Hotel sell-side advisory role worth over US$500 million.
Constructed multiple pitch books for prospective real estate related transactions including IPO, rights issues, preferential offerings, M&A and privatizations.
Enjoys adventure sports like scuba-diving and skiing for leisure.
Yew Jing Kai – Vice President Deutsche Bank Corporate Finance.
Recipient of the University of Melbourne New Generation International Undergraduate Scholarship.
High Distinction (“H1”) Average equivalent of First Class Honours.
  Executive Education Program: Columbia Business School Essentials.
CREDIT SUISSE, Investment Banking Department Winter Intern.
US$400 million private placement of Indorama Ventures PCL shares. Constructed the EGM presentation, road show presentation and assisted in building the financial model.
Fitness First IPO, RFP. Assisted in constructing the RFP pitch book;.
Credit Suisse won the mandate to underwrite Fitness First’s IPO.
THE SINGAPORE ARMED FORCES 20SA Artillery Battery Commander.
Earned exceptional evaluations of Outstanding Conduct and Performance from Commanding Officer.
‘Westpac and St George case’ and the 2011 ‘Gloucester Coal and Whitehaven case’.
Competed in JP Morgan ‘Trading Places’ equities trading competition.
Competed in University of Melbourne-Accenture consulting competition 2010 and emerged champions.
 Obtained the Singapore Private Pilot’s licence and graduated in the top 10% of the cohort.Email: jonathanch2008@gmail.com | Mobile phone:(65)98132823.
Email: jonathanch2008@gmail.com | Mobile phone:(65)98132823.
Passed 3 courses out of 5 for obtaining a certificate of Society of Actuaries.
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science (major); Bachelor of Art in English (minor).
A subsidiary of Funde Sino Life Insurance Company, which is a top 10 life insurance company in China.
Assisted portfolio manager in making various investing strategies by analyzing macro economy and risks, conducting in-depth equity research on various sectors and generating corresponding investment ideas.
Avoid losses by advising portfolio manager to stay away from Chinese airlines stocks based on prudent valuation and earnings estimation after evaluating the ongoing risks of RMB depreciation.
Helped the company benefit from over 50% share price surge of Chinese listed coal producers by convincing the management team to keep remained shareholdings on low valuation Chinese coal stocks after visited coal companies’ facilities, discovered long term advantages over peers, and found out catalysts of potential coal price recovery.
Proactively acquired new knowledge, and succeeded in expanding coverage to multiple sectors such as coal, insurance, real estate, airlines, and consumer.
Improved investment research team’s productivity by leading a team of 3 analysts to conduct equity research, generate investing ideas, build up financial models, and strengthen skills in report writing and presentation.
Assisted portfolio manager in making various investing strategies by analyzing macro economy and risks, conducting in-depth equity research on various sectors and generating corresponding investment ideas.
Avoid losses by advising portfolio manager to stay away from Chinese airlines stocks based on prudent valuation and earnings estimation after evaluating the ongoing risks of RMB depreciation.
Helped the company benefit from over 50% share price surge of Chinese listed coal producers by convincing the management team to keep remained shareholdings on low valuation Chinese coal stocks after visited coal companies’ facilities, discovered long term advantages over peers, and found out catalysts of potential coal price recovery.
Proactively acquired new knowledge, and succeeded in expanding coverage to multiple sectors such as coal, insurance, real estate, airlines, and consumer.
Improved investment research team’s productivity by leading a team of 3 analysts to conduct equity research, generate investing ideas, build up financial models, and strengthen skills in report writing and presentation.
A member of Fubon Financial - the second largest financial holding company in Taiwan.
Secured 8 more institutional investors to become clients after a HK and Shanghai roadshow focused on providing insights of the development of shale gas industry in China and warned investors to be cautious on investing in the overheated industry when the central government launched corruption investigation in Petrol China.
Specialized in covering small and mid-cap HK-listed companies across different sectors such as shale gas, fertilizer and so on; committed to finding out low valuation companies and helping investors realize the true value of the companies.
Initiated a set of templates to efficiently seek out low-valuation stocks in HK stock market by using tools on bloomberg.
Promoted into a Research Analyst position due to exemplary technical skills and work ethic.
Secured 8 more institutional investors to become clients after a HK and Shanghai roadshow focused on providing insights of the development of shale gas industry in China and warned investors to be cautious on investing in the overheated industry when the central government launched corruption investigation in Petrol China.
Specialized in covering small and mid-cap HK-listed companies across different sectors such as shale gas, fertilizer and so on; committed to finding out low valuation companies and helping investors realize the true value of the companies.
Initiated a set of templates to efficiently seek out low-valuation stocks in HK stock market by using tools on bloomberg.
Promoted into a Research Analyst position due to exemplary technical skills and work ethic.
A subsidiary of China Everbright Securities, which is a top 10 Chinese broker.
Developed a unique daily research product circulated to over 300 external clients and more than 100 internal readers. Participated in IPO projects with deal sizes over $100m by assisting senior analysts in revising models and writing part of the long IPO reports.
One of the two candidates (total 12) to successfully secure a full time offer after the internship.
Developed a unique daily research product circulated to over 300 external clients and more than 100 internal readers. Participated in IPO projects with deal sizes over $100m by assisting senior analysts in revising models and writing part of the long IPO reports.
One of the two candidates (total 12) to successfully secure a full time offer after the internship.
Language skills: native in Mandarin, proficient in speaking and writing in English.
Computer skills: skillful in utilizing Bloomberg and Wind to create useful templates and analyze data.
Hobbies: actively play basketball once a week; a basketball fan to San Antonio Spurs due to its Team Spirit Basketball.
Set up a social platform for the new coming students from mainland China to study in Hong Kong, and led a team on this platform to help the new students learn Cantonese and smooth adaption to Hong Kong.
Language skills: native in Mandarin, proficient in speaking and writing in English.
Computer skills: skillful in utilizing Bloomberg and Wind to create useful templates and analyze data.
Hobbies: actively play basketball once a week; a basketball fan to San Antonio Spurs due to its Team Spirit Basketball.
Set up a social platform for the new coming students from mainland China to study in Hong Kong, and led a team on this platform to help the new students learn Cantonese and smooth adaption to Hong Kong.EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS University of California, Berkeley.
B.Sc. Business Administration and B.A. Economics (GPA: 3.8/4.0).
Received the Claudius N. & James N. White Endowment Award for excelling in Finance courses.
Received the Ministry of Education Pre-University Scholarship.
Received the Ministry of Education Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES).
Coverage of the Singapore Financials, Logistics and Gaming sectors.
Made investment recommendations on the 10 stocks under coverage based on financial modeling, market research, channel checks and regular meetings with corporates.
Built financial models using DCF, DDM, GGM and sum-of-parts valuation methodologies.
Facilitated corporate access events to clients through strong relationships with companies under coverage.
Voted in the Asiamoney Brokers Poll 2014 and Institutional Investor Poll 2013.
Valued companies using trading comps, transaction comps and DCF analysis.
Pitched a hypothetical M&A transaction in the consumer sector to the board.
Prime Partners Corporate Finance – Intern, Equity Capital Markets.
Valued companies in the gaming and automotive sectors using transaction comps.
Prepared a confidential investment memorandum on a coal mining company.
Researched and prepared presentation materials for the 2nd Oil & Gas Investor Summit Asia 2012.
Ernst & Young Advisory – Intern, Performance Improvement Department.
Wrote and reviewed over 20 competency standards for the areas of project and financial management.
Liaised with over 70 industry professionals to validate the written competency standards   Coordinated 8 client meetings.
  English (Fluent), Mandarin (Conversational), Bahasa Indonesia (Conversational).
Golf – Achieved 1st position at the 2005 & 2006 National Inter-school Golf Championships (Girls Div. 3).2014 - Present     Kris Capital (Assistant Portfolio Manager, Systematic Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund)                  Singapore.
Developed and implemented (allocation: US$ 5m) a cross-asset quantitative trading strategy for equity index futures, rates futures, commodities futures, and currencies, with backtested CAGR of 32%, and Sharpe Ratio of 1.7 over 30 years.
Managing the fund’s closed-end funds portfolio (Size: US$ 2m) – based on a self-developed technical strategy with back-tested CAGR of 19% and Sharpe ratio of 1.5 over 25 years.
Developed a technical trading strategy for G10 FX pairs with back-tested CAGR of 12%, and Sharpe Ratio of 1.1 over 40 years.
Equity Research: Picking stocks for the fund’s portfolio of US Equities (Size: US$ 5m) which is beating the S&P 500 by 8% (annualized) and a 50% higher Sharpe Ratio since launch – based on a self-developed systematic fundamental strategy layered with qualitative analysis.
Fixed Income Research: Picking bonds for the fund’s fixed income portfolio (Size: US$ 10m) based on qualitative analysis.
Macroeconomic and fundamental research of the major developed and emerging market economies – created econometric models for market valuations, economic data and momentum, credit conditions, and corporate earnings.
Trade execution, P&L and Risk monitoring, Systems issues, Investor Reporting.
2013                  J.P. Morgan (Summer Analyst – Fixed Income Sales and Trading, 2 months)                         India.
Generated $1.4m profit in 4 weeks on a VaR of $10m, paper trading on a basket of Currencies, Equity Indices, Government Bonds, and Commodities.
Created an excel-based econometric model for forecasting quarterly demand for physical gold in India, & provided suggestions to curb it and contain India’s ballooning current account deficit.
Analysed financial risks of and developed sales strategy for 3 target financial institution clients.
Sent out morning commentaries and trade recommendation e-mails to clients.
2009 - 2012        Standard Chartered Bank (Financial Markets Sales Analyst)             Singapore.
2011 - 2012: Project Manager – Money Markets and Financing Sales.
Led a team of 5 product controllers to deliver a sales P&L reporting framework, providing better analytics and decision making tools for the Global Head.
Enabled the business to achieve 50% annual growth in revenues and volumes the following year as a direct impact of the improved quality and transparency in data and MIS reports.
Achieved savings of over 700 man hrs/month for the Global Business Finance function.
Initiated and led a project for standardisation of internal funds transfer policies for 29 countries.
Advised global heads of businesses on Business Finance implications of new products and deal structures, and sales teams on appropriate trade booking processes for the same.
Assisted the CFO on quarterly presentations to the bank’s regulators – FSA (UK).
Created dashboards and supervised delivery of regular reports by support team in India.
IT: MS Excel (Advanced), SQL (Advanced), Bloomberg (Advanced), Python (Intermediate) Linguistic: English (Fluent), Hindi (Native), French (Intermediate).
2013 - 2014  CEMS Masters in International Management  Europe/India.
2012 - 2014  Indian Institute of Management Calcutta Post Graduate Diploma in Management  India.
Ranked #13 in the world by Financial Times (2014) and #1 for Careers.
Toughest Business School to get into in the world based on Acceptance Rate.
Corporate Finance, Fixed Income Markets, Portfolio Management, Macroeconomics.
2005 - 2009 Nanyang Technological University Bachelor of Electrical and Electronic Engineering      Singapore Specialisation: Information Communication Technology.
Singapore Airlines Scholarship: 100% coverage for tuition fees and living expenses.
1991 - 2005  Delhi Public School, R.K. Puram (A Level Equivalent, O Level Equivalent)  India.
National Talent Search Scholarship: Awarded to top 1% in India for Math & Science.
Gold Medal: Awarded for academic excellence to top 1% of all students at high school.
• Participating as an individual contestant in the 2017 edition of the triathlon.
• Managed FX & Rates portfolio for US$ 10,000 alumni investment fund.
• Played for University team in the highest league (Division 1) in Singapore.
2005                   National Swimming Championships (Participant)                          India.
• Represented State (Haryana) at National Level Swimming Competition.
Travel, Poker, Puzzles, Scuba Diving, Running, Swimming, Cycling, Movies.Address: 32 Tanah Merah Kechil Road, East Meadows, Tower 1C #08-14, Singapore 465559.
Adept at industry and company analysis, financial modelling, valuation, client communication, creating insightful reports and stakeholder management. MBA Finance and Chartered Financial Analyst (Level II).
__________________________________PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE____________________________________.
AGLAIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT PTE LTD           April 2012 – To Date, Singapore.
Aglaia Investment Management, manages Jebsen & Jessen family’s personal wealth and has a AUM of US$300mn. I work directly with the Managing Partner to decide sector bets, analyse companies, investment feasibility combining primary and secondary research and present these ideas to clients. Highlight – Analysed over 40 companies across various sectors in last 4 years.
Provided investment advice on multi-asset class solutions to clients with a focus on Asian equities.
Focused on generating profitable investment ideas by identifying high quality companies with strong growth potential and solid business models. This mainly involves independent primary and secondary research, meeting company managements and broad channel checks.
Thorough understanding of valuation methodologies such as Discounted Cash Flow, Dividend Discount Model and relative valuation technique on the basis of ratios such as P/E, EV/EBITDA, P/B etc.
Actively keeping abreast of financial markets latest developments and products trends.
Formulated actionable views and produced data driven reports.
Developed and made presentations to clients and prospective clients to discuss investment ideas and market trends.
Networked with investors and industry participants such as rating agencies, sell side analysts, industry subject matter experts to generate new ideas and keep abreast with updates.
Proficient in using third party databases such as Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters and Factiva.
Examined contemporary themes to determine industry trends and various impacts e.g. Analysed the investment opportunities in the Indian education sector and eroding competitive advantages for the listed players.
Analysed business models, built financial models, conducted valuation, wrote reports and made recommendations to global fund managers on listed companies (Infosys, TCS, Wipro, HCL Tech, Polaris, Persistent, eClerx, Redington, Educomp, Everonn amongst others).
Advised global institutional clients on companies’ comprehensive risk profile by investigating critical factors such as corporate governance, quality of accounts, inter-company transactions, insider trading activities and regulatory risks.
Initiated and maintained the existing coverage – Infosys, TCS, Wipro, HCL Tech, Mahindra Satyam, Educomp, Everonn amongst others.
Worked on several IPO and QIP deals such as HCL Infosystems, eClerx, Persistent amongst others.
Built relationship with clients and influenced investors’ portfolio positions through discussions on company specific recommendations and sector trends.
POLARIS SOFTWARE LTD                                            Aug 2005 - Jul 2006, India Associate, Investor Relations and MIS.
Developed and maintained financial models of the company and its peer group.
Interacted with the analysts and investor community on queries relating to the firm and IT sector.
Tracked the IT industry for latest developments and wrote research reports for the top management.
Member of the core team involved in the Business plan activity (consolidated level) for FY 06-07   Member of the core treasury management team.
Performed independent research on global companies including finSancial modeling, valuation and report writing with specific investment recommendations.
Covered companies included - Vodafone, BT group, Cognos, Accenture etc.
Responsible for delivery of reports by the team and interacting with global clients.
_________________________________EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS_________________________________.
MBA from Alliance Business Academy, Bangalore University (1st Division)           2001 – 2003, India Electives: Finance and Marketing.
Bachelor of Commerce, Mumbai University (1st Division)                                     1997 – 2000, India.
Completed Level II of Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), CFA Institute                              2013, USA.
______________________________________OTHER INFORMATION_______________________________________.
Hobbies: Gardening, Reading (fiction and non-fiction), Adventure sports.Equity Research Analyst, China/HK Consumer and Retail, Goldman Sachs, Singapore       Aug 2015 - Current.
Given top-quantile “Outstanding” rating in latest performance review.
Conducted bespoke industry analysis, explored key thematic trends and worked with company/subsector data.
Built and maintained valuation models for covered companies; Performed statistical analysis on economic figures.
Passed Level II of the CFA Program; Awarded GS Best Report for “India Consumer Close-Up” thematic piece.
Stock coverage: China and Hong Kong Consumer; Thematic coverage: Asia-Pacific ex-Japan Consumer.
Summer Analyst, Pan-Europe Equities, Aberdeen Asset Management, London, UK       July 2014 - Sept 2014.
Composed earnings reports and maintained financial models for the team's Pan-European holdings.
Led weekly presentations to senior investment managers outlining pressing economic concerns and company news.
Updated industry data spreadsheets to determine portfolio exposure and assigned to track the consumer services sector.
Business Research Analyst, Ethan Cain Asset Management, Singapore       Aug 2013 - Sept 2013.
Completed a 145 page business plan to raise financing for the acquisition of a $100m commercial building.
Performed analysis on the student hostel market in Singapore so as to identify specific target market segment.
Assisted in the construction of pro-forma financial statements and financial analysis for the business.
Spring Intern, CitiScope programme, Citigroup, London, UK       Apr 2013.
Job-shadowed and explored different roles within the Private Banking and Equity Derivatives division.
Networked with senior management and attended divisional presentations within the Institutional Clients Group.
London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE)                                                                 London, UK BSc Statistics with Finance (First Class Honours; Total Combined Average Grade: 82%)    2012 - 2015.
Coursework: Economics (Top Student), Regression and Generalized Linear Model (Top Student), Actuarial Science: Financial, Derivative Pricing and Stochastics, Time Series and Forecasting, Economic History of China since 1850.
External Coursework: Completed TTS (2012) and Fitch Learning Valuation and Financial Modelling Course (2013).
Results: Obtained GCE 'A’ Levels 7 As with Distinction in H3 Singapore Management University (SMU) Game Theory & Competition / Offered Spring Singapore Executive Development Scholarship (EDS).
Honours: Top Scorer, Old Victorians' Association Gold Medal for Academic Excellence, Young Defence Scientist Programme Academic Award for Physics, Co-Curricular Activity Leadership Service Award.
EXTRA- CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCES  President, LSE Finance Society, London, UK   2012 - 2014.
Headed the largest student-run society in LSE with over 3,000 members and secured over 20 sponsors.
Planned and executed UK-wide financial competitions in collaboration with other top London universities.
Hip Hop Dance Member, LSE Dance Society, London, UK  2012 - 2014.
Competitive hip hop dancer over the past 6 years; Initiatives include busking on the street for charitable causes.
Led college's dance society to compete in and won various local and international dance competitions including Overall Champion and Best Choreography Award in the Barcelona Dance Grand Prix.
Team Leader, Research and Curriculum Division, LSE Trading Society, London, UK  2012 - 2013.
Crowned top 20 trader out of 245 finalists in intra-university LSE-XEMarkets Forex Trading Competition  • Essay selected for publication by Credit-Suisse 2013 Project Firefly Emerging Leaders Essay Competition.
Languages: Mandarin Chinese Technical Skills: Microsoft Office (Excel, Powerpoint,Word), Bloomberg, Datastream, R.
Interests: Reading Non-Fiction, Cycling, Hip Hop Dancing, Soccer Licenses: Hong Kong SFC Type 1 and 4.+86-17875468162 • jerryfeng2017@163.com • jfeng@jd17.law.harvard.edu • Wechat: jf45678.
SUMMARY__________________________________________________________________________________________.
disruptive business models across TMT, consumer, legal, and education industries. Currently in Beijing, looking to start immediately, but flexible to relocate to other cities in China or Asia.
EDUCATION  ______________________________________________________________________________________.
Areas of Focus: Equities and distressed debt investing, corporate & securities law, litigation financing.
B.A. Economics, Phi Beta Kappa, Magna Cum Laude                          Cumulative GPA: 3.89/4.00 • Major GPA: 3.95/4.00.
WORK EXPERIENCE_________________________________________________________________________________.
Fundamental equities research in China and USA. Covered sectors include: payments, Chinese internet, and US retail.
Worked with CIO to lead deep-dive research into major Chinese tech holding, helping the fund double-down on its position in June 2016 (up ~90% as of October 2017).
Helped team formulate deeper and broader equity research strategies.
MIT Investment Management Company (MITIMCo), Cambridge, MA                February 2015 – December 2015.
Drafted Limited Partnership Agreements (LPA), Offering Memoranda, and side letters for MIT’s portfolio of funds.
Analyzed impact of evolving Chinese Foreign Investment Law on MIT’s portfolio holdings (overseas listed Chinese stocks with VIE structures).
Eton Park Capital Management, Hong Kong SAR                          August 2012 – May 2014.
Fundamental equities research in Asia-Pacific markets for the Eton Park Asia Fund ($1.5 billion AUM), with focus on Greater China/HK.
Covered consumer products, retail, and TMT. Long and short investments include: short Li & Fung (494 HK), long Midea (000333 CH), long Mead Johnson (MJN US), short Belle (1880 HK), and long Moncler (MONC BIT).
Developed detailed knowledge of bottoms-up security analysis, industry know-how, emerging markets risk management, and financial modeling.
Researched and recommended public equity investments for the Sequoia Mutual Fund.
Covered U.S. & Canadian retailers, lighting companies, powersports vehicle manufacturers, automotive suppliers, package/parcel shippers, disk-drive manufacturers, and beverage companies.
Developed extensive financial modeling and risk management skills.
Yale College Student Investment Group, New Haven, CT                      May 2009 – May 2010.
Largest student organization at Yale dedicated to investing and stock market education.
Grew portfolio from $250,000 to $350,000 from May 2009 to April 2010, based on selection of stocks with strong franchise values and high-quality assets.
Presented value investing ideas pioneered by Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffett, and Peter Lynch to members.
Organized trips to investment banks in New York (Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, UBS) for networking sessions.
SKILLS & INTERESTS________________________________________________________________________________.
Computer Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher; STATA; Bloomberg; Capital IQ; Sentieo.
3+ years of equities investing experience in Greater China and USA. Experience involves direct public equities investing.
3+ years of equities investing experience in Greater China and USA. Experience involves direct public equities investing.
incorporating rigorous modeling, deep research, and strong passion for investing in.Pasir Ris Street 53 Blk 586 S510586 ▪ +65 91257575 ▪ jonathanshyong@gmail.com.
Competent in leadership roles with strong organizational and interpersonal skills.
Able to work effectively under pressure both independently and as part of a team.
Executed a privatization deal involving a publishing/property development company listed on the Mainboard.
Acted as the IFA in relation to the S$1.8bn takeover of China Merchants Holdings (Pacific) Limited.
Advised the board of United Engineers Limited in relation to the disposal of MFlex stake to Suzhou Dongshan.
Led the execution of a M&A deal involving a plastic precision engineering firm listed on the Mainboard.
Managed 3 Catalist IPOs involving companies from the food & beverage, construction and car rental industry.
Participated in the execution of a mainboard IPO involving an E&P company with a deal value of US$200m.
The Complete Banker Program – 2nd Rotation (Equity Capital Market).
Part of a regional team that participated in a RFP relating to the listing of a Thai Potash mining company.
Generated block trade ideas by filtering out stocks with attractive valuation based on a series of parameters which includes P/E multiples and PEG ratios, and identified potential sellers through shareholding analysis.
Supported Syndicate team with the collation of investor feedback for the OUE Commercial REIT IPO.
The Complete Banker Program – 1st Rotation (Equity Research).
Provided research coverage on small cap companies listed on the SGX mainboard and Catalist board.
Completed 2 initiation reports (GDS Global Ltd, SKE Ltd) and 3 non rated reports (NeraTel, KrisEnergy, Rotary Engineering) along with financial models to determine the fair value of the respective stocks.
Participated in morning meetings to generate investment ideas for the institutional sales team.
Winter Intern – Transactions Advisory (Corporate Finance).
Assisted managers in the research work on consumer discretionary industry, pulling out over 20 comparable transactions for media & publishing, cosmetics and health & fitness segments; this helped our sell-side clients gain a better understanding of the prevailing  M&A valuation and strategies of their potential acquirers.
Supported team with teaser/pitchbook preparation through the generation and formatting of PowerPoint slides.
Graduated with a Bachelor of Accountancy and Bachelor of Business Management with a major in Finance   Cumulative GPA: 3.81/ 4.00 – Summa Cum Laude (Highest Distinction).
Awarded the Dean’s List for four consecutive academic years (AY 09/10, AY 10/11, AY 11/12, AY 12/13)   Relevant Courses: Corporate Finance, Investment Banking, Mergers and Acquisitions.
Led a 11 member Management Committee to represent the needs of 1300 accountancy members.
Pioneered, with another member, to establish the ASoc Alumni Chapter which is responsible in organizing events for the alumni, strengthening the alumni relationship with the School of Accountancy.
Launched  the ASoc International Student Support Network to help integrate International students into SMU.
CMFAS Module 4A: Rules and Regulation for Advising Corporate Finance                                 May 2014.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Bloomberg, ThomsonOne Banker, Eikon and Capital IQ.
Proficient in written and spoken English, Conversant in written and spoken Chinese.
An ex A-division Hockey player with a keen interest in outdoor and water sports.High-performing professional with 3 years of experience in providing M&A advice.
Strong M&A experience across the deal process, including financial modelling and financial due diligence for acquirers and vendors.
Experience in oil & gas, property development, e-commerce, consumer services and healthcare sectors.
Present   Build, review and perform financial modelling to support investment decision-making and to.
Perform financial analysis with primary responsibility to identify key valuation, purchase price,.
financial and other deal issues to obtain optimal outcomes for clients.
Build a financial model for optimising the tax position of a SGX-listed property developer with  a market capitalisation of more than SGD1.5 billion from the disposal of a residential property.
Build a financial model for and provide tax structuring advice to a Private Equity Fund in their  purchase of a residential property project from a SGX-listed property developer with a market  capitalisation of more than SGD10.0 billion.
Provided sell-side M&A advice to Huationg Holdings, a large Singapore-based crane leasing  company. Responsibilities include building a financial model, drafting an information  memorandum and facilitating the sell-side due diligence process.
Facilitate the sell-side due diligence process for the divestment of Singapore’s largest.
Financial model review to determine the reasonableness of CAPEX, revenue and cost  assumptions for the fund-raising of a Shale Gas company based in China.
Financial due diligence on Lazada, ASEAN’s largest online retailer, for Alibaba, the largest.
Financial due diligence on Chevron’s geothermal assets in Indonesia for a consortium of  international investors seeking to invest in the renewable energy sector.
Financial due diligence for L Capital, a private equity fund focused on personal care and  specialist retail, on a carve-out of beauty salons from a Singapore-based lifestyle brand.
Financial due diligence on a Singapore industrial property for Blackstone, the largest real  estate private equity firm in the world.
Operational due diligence on Awal Bros Brothers Bekasi, a mid-sized hospital located in the  industrial district of Jakarta, Indonesia.
Jul. 2014 •  Reviewed historical correspondence of Lehman Brothers Singapore, a now-defunct.
investment bank, and modelled the cash flow waterfall of different tranches of creditors under multiple scenarios taking into account tax, withholding tax and intercompany settlements.
Adjudicated claims of unpaid wages for over 400 foreign workers of Wan Soon Construction Pte Ltd, previously a major Singapore-based contractor, which necessitated sensitivity and cross-cultural communication.
•  First Candidate to pass all four technical modules of the Singapore Qualification Programme.
Aug 2009 –  Bachelor of Business Administration (Accountancy) (First Class Honours).
Computer Skills Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Word, Bloomberg, Thomson ONE and Mergermarket.
Hobbies Travel, High-intensity interval training, Volunteer in the Finance Committee of my Church.Highly motivated self-starter with down-to-earth and open minded personality. Ability to work under time pressure in a fast pace environment combined with meticulous attention to details and quick problem solving skills.
Hong Kong University, Hong Kong, Major in Financial Engineering and Risk Management                                                 Sep. 2012                Master of Finance.
Relevant courses: Financial Engineering, Mathematical Technique in Finance, Spreadsheet Modeling and VBA,    Risk Management, Credit Risk, Behavioral Finance.
University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), United States, Major in Mathematics/Economics                                       Mar. 2011.
Relevant courses: International Economics, Game Theory, Differential Equations, Introduction to C++ Programming,    Statistics for Economists, Principles of Accounting, Introduction to Financial Mathematics.
Covers 5 China dairy stocks including H and A shares. Soft covers China restaurant sector with non-rated notes.
Co-cover 30 H share and A share companies in consumer staple and discretionary sectors.
Solid research skillset and multi-tasking ability evidenced by major projects in a short period of time: dairy sector      Initiation (5 H shares, 3 A shares), cosmetics sector initiation (2 H shares, 1 A share), Yonghui (601933 CH),      Dali (3799 HK) and pre-IPO deal report.
Strong corporate relationship and has established solid relationships with A share companies after proactive initial contacts.
Assist in arranging NDRs, client bespoke trips and company visits to maintain good client relationships.
Co-published company and industry research notes for LED, components, panels, datacenter and audio sectors.
Constructed and updated company earnings models to maintain up-to-date company financial forecasts.
Accompanied clients on various company and site visits and provided real time translation to clients.
Executed sales and client requests to achieve satisfactory solutions in a timely manner.
Performed company due diligence and participate in summit forums/ earnings conferences.
Co-published a 36-page IC design company initiation report after being on board for 7 months.
Forecasted accurate company financials via construction and real-time updates of financial models.
Conducted vertical and horizontal cross checks from multiple sources to validate data points.
Contributed to various research notes through research, collect, and analyze industry and company data.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch Private Banking and Investment Group, United States                                Mar. 2010~ Sep. 2010.
Researched and analyzed corporate quarterly and annual financial reports.
Analyzed company financials by conducting bond, cash flow, and spending analyses.
Researched for prospective clients and analyzed clients’ financial and legal statements.
Languages: Native English and Chinese (Mandarin) speaker, can translate/interpret Chinese into English and vice versa  • Computer skills: Microsoft Word, Power Point, Excel (VBA), C++, Bloomberg, TEJ, Wind.Worked on +15 transactions and completed +8 transactions with a total value in excess of US$25 bn, including buy-side and sell-side M&A, IPO and debt and equity financings.
Up to US$500 mm IPO of a Thai gas-fired power company in Thailand (In progress).
Up to US$800 mm coal-fired power plant buyside transaction in the Philippines (In progress).
Up to US$1 bn sell-side process for one of the largest power company in China for assets located in Mexico, UK and Australia (In progress).
Huaneng Renewables Corp Ltd up to US$282 mm H-share private placement (2017).
Served as the ratings advisor for United Photovoltaic up to US$300 mm bond issuance (2017).
State Grid International Development Limited up to US$13 bn acquisition of CPFL Energia from Camargo, Previ and Bonaire (2016).
Sinopec Group Overseas Development (2016) Limited US$3 bn multi-tranche senior unsecured fixed rate notes offering (2016).
Attempted asset injection of 6 water supply and sewage assets into a Hong Kong listed water company for new primary shares (2016).
Acquisition financing for State Grid Corporation of China’s attempted acquisition of Ausgrid (2016).
Served as the ratings advisor to The Hongkong Electric Company Limited US$750 mm 10-yr Red S USD unsecured notes offering (2016).
Attempted US$300 mm US listing of one of the largest solar power operator in China (2015).
Sinopec Group Overseas Development (2015) Limited US$4.8 bn and EUR1.5 bn dual currency multi-tranche senior unsecured notes offering (2015).
Sinopec Kantons Holdings Limited US$415 mm acquisition of the entire equity interest in Sinopec Yu Ji Pipeline Company Limited (2014).
US$222 mm H-share private placement for Huadian Fuxin Energy Corporation Limited (2014).
Petroliam Nasional Berhad US$2.2 bn acquisition of Statoil ASA’s entire equity interest in the Shah Deniz project, offshore Azerbaijan (2014).
US$380 mm 3-yr unrated senior unsecured dim sum notes offering for China City Construction (International) Co. Limited (2014).
Potential listing applicants: a financial services company and an online gaming company.
Conducted PN21 due diligence work and reviewed management due diligence questionnaires, legal opinions and reorganization memos.
Prepared HKEx filings and assisted in drafting letters and responses to HKEx’s queries (Listing applicants include a Chapter 18 mining company, a shoe retailer, and a freight forwarding company).
Prepared pitchbooks / teasers for IPOs, “go-private” projects, open offer, block trade and spin-off transactions.
Prepared meeting agenda, progress reports and timetables and coordinated different professional parties in IPOs.
Conducted research studies on open offer, rights issue, convertible bonds and RMB bonds and analysis on respective term structures and market performance.
Participated in FA / IFA transactions: assisted in drafting circulars and conducted market comparables research.
Languages:   Fluent in English and Mandarin and intermediate Japanese.
Others:          Experienced with Microsoft Office Professional, Factset, Bloomberg, Capital IQ, WoodMackenzie and Thomson One.chris.kaleta@outlook.com     +65 9858 5131   Place of Residence: Singapore.
Associate, M&A Advisory, Investment Banking Division  September 2014 – Present.
Involved in originating and executing private and public market M&A transactions across various industries in the Asia Pacific region.
Developed financial models and performed company and asset valuations, including DCF, LBO, and multiples analysis. Performed in-depth company analysis and due diligence. Prepared various materials including pitch books, internal presentations, CIMs, and investment papers.
Assisted in the preparation of process related documents. Liaised with multiple clients, potential bidders and various advisors.
Advising an international telecom company on an equity raise for their South and Southeast Asian Financial Services platform.
Building the operating model that consolidates the client’s mobile financial services business across multiple countries and assisting in the preparation of the marketing materials for the launch of the sell side process.
Advised on Aboitiz Power’s USD1.2bn acquisition of Blackstone’s stakes in two coal-fired power plants in the Philippines.
Audited and made structural changes to the sellside model. Verified the underlying drivers against commercial documents provided in the VDR.
Sensitised the assumptions. Performed a DCF analysis and benchmarked the valuation against trading and precedent transaction comparables.
Created multiple client presentations throughout the two-stage competitive auction process and assisted seniors in the preparation of non-binding and binding offer letters. Responsibilities also included managing Q&A across all the client’s advisors. Was exposed to the drafting of the PSA.
Advised an Asian conglomerate on a potential USD400m minority stake investment in a Southeast Asian telecom tower company.
Modelled and valued the business across multiple countries, sensitising for different business cases and multiple currencies. Performed a returns analysis on the planned IPO.
Assisted in the preparation of several investment papers to the client’s board and finance committee. Managed the Q&A across all the client’s advisors. Interacted with the client’s senior decision makers.
Advised a SGX listed OSV company on a potential USD100m exchangeable bond issuance to a Private Equity firm -  Modelled the forecasted returns under various scenarios including a proposed upside sharing agreement.
Benchmarked recent rights issues and private placements in the OSV sector as possible cash injection alternatives.
Advised a Southeast Asian renewable energy platform on a potential equity capital raise to fund its growth -  Prepared the materials for the launch of the process, including the CIM and process letters.
Liaised with potential bidders throughout the process. Managed the VDR. Prepared the bid analysis.
Ran a competitive auction process for a Private Equity firm looking to exit a portfolio company involved in temporary power solutions.
Involved in the preparation of the CIM and MP which included in-depth financial and operational due diligence of the portfolio company.
Graduate Associate, International Graduate Program, Coverage and Corporate Finance  August 2013 – August 2014.
Attended a 6 week training program (Corporate Finance, Credit Analysis, and Modelling) in Shanghai.
Exposed to various divisions and senior leaders within the bank.
Leveraged Finance – Advised a financial sponsor on the potential acquisition financing of a minority stake in a Nigerian telecom company.
Produced the financial model which included a standalone SPV borrowing structure. Tested repayment profiles based on the target’s projected dividends under varying business cases. Analysed the financial output along with the financing structure, risks and mitigants.
Strategic Client Coverage Group – Assessed a potential take private opportunity for a large global player from Asia / Middle East.
Constructed a pro forma financial model of a USD1.6bn explosives and specialty chemicals company. Valued the company using DCF and LBO methodologies. Prepared the pitch book and presented the output and indicative terms to senior originators and industry specialists.
Bachelor of Business Science Finance and Accounting  Graduated 2012.
Relevant Coursework: Applied Corporate Finance (including M&A, IPOs), Financial Statement Analysis, Fixed Income, Derivatives, Advanced Macro and Micro Economics.
Entrance scholarship awarded for academic achievement in high school.
Senior Certificate (Full Matric Exemption with seven distinctions).
LEADERSHIP Head Boy at Crawford College Lonehill (High School), Johannesburg.
Led the student executive committee as the senior class president.
Frequently addressed school assemblies, including the valedictory ceremony.
Completed two Adkins Matchett & Toy (AMT) financial modelling courses. Completed a Capital City training course on M&A and LBO modelling.
Avid golf player. Played in the Provincial Junior Golf League. Competed in various team sports, including waterpolo. Enjoy kite boarding.
Member of inter-school public speaking and debating teams.Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation - (Infrastructure/Energy/O&G)  Nov 14-Present.
Origination and execution of Project Financing advisory and lending mandates in South East Asia.
Deal Structuring - Identifying, assessment and mitigation of project risk to various parties.
Due diligence - Legal, Technical, Insurance, Market, Coal etc.
PPP / ECA / Multilateral – Experience working with development agencies (e.g. K-sure, KDB, JICA, JBIC)   Experienced in liaison with sponsors, advisors and other project parties   Pitching for advisory and lending mandates   Transaction experience:.
Singapore SportsHub (National Stadium) US$1.1bn –  Mandated Lead Arranger.
Kalsel Coal Fired IPP, Indonesia US$550m – Mandated Lead Arranger, Technical/Coal/Environment Bank.
UPC Sidrap Windfarm, Indonesia US$150m – Financier, Modelling, Insurance Bank.
Madura Floating Production Storage Offloading (FPSO), Indonesia – Financial Advisor.
Chevron Phillips Singapore Chemicals, Singapore US$50m – Lender.
Hanthawaddy International Airport, Myanmar – Feasibility Study Advisor.
6th Incineration Plant, Singapore – Credit Approved Supporting Bidder.
Stationed in Indonesia (20%) to perform work on O&G upstream companies. Familiar with Indonesian working environment.
Financial statement analysis and financial reporting (IFRS).
Qualitative and quantitative analysis and evaluation of industry and business risk.
Analysed international airport investments opportunities and performed due diligence.
Monitored different departments capex and opex to be in line with company’s targets.
One of twelve selected to lead 300 international students in college.
Elected to be Sports Secretary to represent international students.
Actively organized events to bond and connect international students on campus.
  AIESEC is a global organization run by students interested in world issues, leadership and management   Organized and developed business relationships with Egypt, Kenya, and India corporates.
Certified Senior First Aider (St John's Ambulance Brigade, Western Australia).
Avid runner and swimmer, enthusiastic traveller, loves interacting and living among different cultures.
Wants to live life to the fullest. Fishing, skiing, rock climbing and golfing are areas where I actively participate in.
Major: Investment Finance, Corporate Finance, Financial Accounting.
Awarded a Scholarship to study at Italy’s top business school.
 Won 1st place in 2011, making college history Singapore Armed Forces.
Represented Armor in Singapore Armed Forces Tennis Competition.Mobile: (86)185-2150-6020      E-mail: yerongwaiting@163.com.
Analytical mind with five-year experience in equity research area, both sell-side and buy-side.
Frequent user of Bloomberg, CEIC, Wind, and Capital IQ. Proficient at Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Covering ~30 HK/US listed Chinese stocks in internet and consumer sectors. Successfully recommended Netease (NTES US), Li Ning (2331 HK) , China Lodging (HTHT US) and Baozun (BZUN US), etc.
Performing proprietary research and channel checks to portfolio names, keeping timely fundamentals tracking for closely watched companies.
Building and maintaining financial valuation models and industry database.
Establishing good relationships with industry experts , company managements and sell-side analysts.
Built financial models and doing valuations for corporate development pipeline projects.
Conducted research and performing financial analysis for hospitality and real estate investment projects, including NPV and IRR analysis.
Prepared PPT presentations for hotel owners and board meetings.
Evalueserve Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, Senior Investment Analyst                            02/2011 – 4/2014.
China Property, Gaming and Lodging (HK&US listed), Awarded for excellent performance in 2012-2013.
Team member of Equity Research Teams from two US based top investment banks. Main responsibilities include:.
Built and maintained financial models, familiar with SOTP, DCF, EV/EBITDA, PE and PB valuation.
Supported analysts with reports writing, including initiation, weekly, results notes and regular products.
Maintained industry database and tracked market movement on a regular basis.
Built a close network with covered companies’ IRs and management.
Bachelor of Economics   First Prize Scholarship    GPA 88.7/100.China Orient International Asset Management Limited                                           Dec 2016 – Current.
Responsible for looking at global investment opportunities, including but not limited in investing High Yield (HY)/ Investment Grade (IG) Bond, Credit, Equity, Mezzanine Loan and other structural financial products (eg: CLO/CDS).
Responsible for conducting company fundamental analysis, credit analysis and recommendations by preparing concise, critical and well-thought out investment proposals.
Deep dive industry/financial analysis, financial modeling, and credit analyst to support active loan portfolio management.
Monitoring credit exposure and identifying significant events, macro trends and industry developments.
Citigroup Global Market Asia Limited, Citi Investment Research                                         Hong Kong.
Be involved in several IPO deals (companies in Ecommerce/online gaming/ online dating/e-payment space) and responsible for writing pre-deal analyst report and responsible for conducting pre-deal analyst presentation.
Conduct Investor Education globally (in US/Singapore/HK) for Alibaba group and a SEA payment company.
Create and maintain proprietary financial models of Internet companies, including modeling revenue drivers, company valuation (DCF/PE/PEG), company’s solvency, profitability analysis, scenario analysis etc.
Draft in-depth research report, company initiation, sector/industry analysis, non-rated company notes. Assist in-depth research report including generating peer’s valuation metrics, preparing charts& tables to support company or sector specific focus and drafting company’s financial performance parts.
Handle all kinds of internal & external client request; Invite and accompany with corporate for the NDR (Non-deal road).
Responsible for searching and collecting information and relevant data to make investment recommendations on stocks in Telecom and Internet sector.
Invitation and accompany with corporate for the NDR (Non-deal road); Take charge of daily reports preparation and company News collection.
Create and maintain financial models of stocks in both China internet and small/mid-cap universe (more consumer.
exposure) including Footwear/Menswear, Textiles, names such as Trinity, Stella, Lilang, Tencent, Baidu, VIPShop, etc.
Conduct on drafting initiation report, non-rated note, company report/Flash note for the stocks that under coverage.
Writing pre-IPO reports and be involved in the whole process for several deals (a company listed successfully last year).
Accompany with corporate management/investor relations staff for the NDR (non-deal road show).
Prepare analysts marketing presentation and relative materials; Monitor News flows per day; Build up industry database.
Assistant in preparing the pre-IPO Business Proposal for one of the subsidiaries of FPI.
Support the investment arm of the company and coordinate in the private equity investment in Greater China Region.
Liaise with shareholder to discuss operation and fund raising details regarding a Microfinance company investment project, assistant in calculating NPV and other financial ratio of this project.
Collect and analyze credit information to produce forecasts of business, industry and economic conditions to assist in making credit decisions. Handle loan project due diligence.
Prepare credit application and internal rating as well as estimating company asset value.
Successfully applied RMB200million authorized credit amount for China Railway Large Maintenance Machinery Co., Ltd.
Major: International Economics and Trade (Top 5% Student with honored degree).
IT Skills: Bloomberg, CEIC, WIND, DataStream, Microsoft Office, MatLab.
Model Skills: DCF Valuation, WACC/NPV Method, Scenario analysis, Sensitive analysis.
Languages: Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent), Cantonese (Conversational).Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore Bachelor of Accountancy.
Professional Attachment Dean’s List Award, Nanyang Business School, NTU.
Involved in sourcing and executing Healthcare Investments within South East Asia.
Executed: Full suite hospital in East Malaysia / Deal value: US$20m / Sept 2016.
Associate, Standard Chartered Bank, Strategic Client Coverage Group                                               Oct 2014 to Dec 2015.
Involved in capital markets solutions for key clients (corporates and financial sponsors) of the bank, specifically within South East Asia.
Prepared marketing materials including pitch books and profiles.
Involved in M&A and ECM deals across Asia, with focus mainly in M&A.
Prepared marketing materials including pitch books and profiles.
Extensive use of Reuters, Bloomberg and Deal Logic platforms.
(A) Sector: Gaming / Country: Philippines /  Product: IPO / Deal value: US$450m.
IPO of Resorts World Manila, a gaming and entertainments business.
Provided execution support, including vendor due diligence, valuation, proof reading of prospectus.
(B) Sector: Healthcare / Country: Hong Kong / Product: M&A / Deal value: US$350m.
Buy side advisory of Quality Healthcare, a healthcare business.
Managed meetings for the client, including co-ordinating meetings for management presentations, site visits, and as go-between to the various accounting, legal and environmental advisers.
Responsible for analysing, suggesting and compiling due diligence questions.
Supported the team in writing a valuation book on our recommendations.
(C) Sector: Consumer / Country: Singapore / Product: M&A / Deal value: US$300m.
Managed meetings for the client, including co-ordinating meetings for management presentations, site visits, and as go-between to the various accounting and legal advisers.
Built an extensive model from scratch and gathering input from various client stakeholders (investments, finance, business units, legal, credit).
Co-wrote an investment presentation deck on our recommendations.
(D) Sector: Property / Country: Singapore / Product: Equities Placement / Deal value: US$100m.
Prepared internal investment committee paper, including transaction structure and industry outlook.
Performed internal due diligence including checking publicly available news and disclosures.
(E) Sector: Information Technology / Country: Singapore / Product: M&A / Deal value: US$80m.
Managed meetings for the client, including co-ordinating meetings for management presentations with buyers and co-ordinating Q&A responses between various stakeholders.
Preparation of factbook, incorporating important client data and formulating views on industry outlook.
Setting up of dataroom, including sourcing for data provider quotes, preparing client on data requests and presenting data in a clear format prior to upload - Discussion on transaction structure, including valuation.
Involved in ICT, Power/Utilities and Special Economic Zones (SEZ) projects.
Senior, Ernst & Young, Valuation and Business Modelling, Transaction Advisory Services                 June 2011 to Oct 2012.
Pre and Post deal valuation of several companies, including Chinese water utilities plants.
Co-Lead of Audit of ING Wholesale Bank (Singapore), specifically Credit Divisions and Proprietary Desk.
Co-Lead of Audit of Nomura Bank (Singapore), specifically Private Banking and Brokerage Business.
Intern, OCBC Bank, Group Investment Banking Division                                                                        Dec 2007 to Feb 2008         Assisted department head on a  HKD 1 Billion securitization loan portfolio for Hong Kong venture.
  Handpicked to represent Nanyang Business School to promote the business Degree program College students.Changi Airports International (“CAI”)  Singapore Manager – Corporate Finance  Oct 2015 – Present.
  Rigorous financial and economic analyses on global airport investments.
  Robust financial modelling, tax structuring, sensitivity testing, capital structure studies.
  Project experience: o Built financial model for the pricing of CAI’s successful tender for the 20 year management contract for the King Abdulaziz International Airport in Jeddah, Saudi.
Arabia valued at over US$150m o Provided negotiation and financial modelling support leading to CAI’s first investment into.
China, via a multimillion commercial joint venture with Chongqing Airport Group o Monitoring of CAI’s portfolio investments in Russia, including analysis of shareholding returns via complex financial instruments.
PwC Singapore  Singapore Senior Associate –Advisory, Mergers & acquisitions Aug 2013 – Oct 2015.
 Extensive experience in buy-side due diligence projects for M&A transactions across Asia serving private equity, government and corporate acquirers.
 Trend analysis via revenue & EBITDA bridges, earning normalizations, working capital trending and EBITDA-to-cash conversion studies  Selected project experience: o Platinum Equity’s acquisition of Ying Shing Enterprises, a China-based integrated manufacturing services provider for precision-engineered components.
A private equity’s proposed acquisition of a vertically integrated plastics manufacturer based in.
Hong Kong, China and Thailand o Temasek’s restructuring of Jurong International and Surbana Group.
A private equity’s proposed acquisition of Amanresorts, a luxury hotel group with presence in 20 countries.
 Executed statutory audits for PwC clients with focus on the real estate and pharmaceutical sectors.  Selected project experience: o Real estate arm of a prominent Sovereign Wealth Fund  - Appointed Team-in-charge in my 2nd associate year, 1 year ahead of peers.
Part of a high performing team which executed a two month assignment in San Francisco.
Verified  valuations  of  real  estate  investments  by  analysing  valuation  reports  and conducted completion audits relating to the divestment of assets.Chinese-listed metal packaging company’s US$775m acquisition of international packaging company and the financing opportunity in relation to this transaction.
Constructed detailed operating model for target based on the vendor model using customer breakdown and wallet share data; researched future growth of key customers to build various cases to sensitize valuation.
Conducted full-blown valuation analysis on the target which includes DCF model and trading and transaction comparable analysis, accretion / dilution analysis and IRR analysis.
Constructed acquirer operating model based on different product categories through modelling sessions with our client; conducted pro-forma analysis on acquirer’s credit for internal credit approval to provide acquisition financing to our client.
Prepared 89-page valuation report for board meeting as well as internal valuation committee; Lost the final bid to an international PE fund due to lack of financing certainty.
Indonesian utility SOE’s US$3bn acquisition of an international oil major’s geothermal operation in Indonesia.
Constructed detailed operating model for various target assets using inputs from technical consultant and came up with sum-of-the parts valuation.
Conducted full-blown valuation analysis which includes DCF models, DDM model, IRR analysis, synergies analysis and trading and transaction comparable analysis.
Prepared 64-page valuation report for board meeting as well as internal valuation committee; Entered into the final round but our client did not submit a final bid due to political reasons.
US$130m Bridge loan acquisition financing and the subsequent US$400m take-out term loan syndication for a natural gas midstream Chinese SOE.
Conducted detailed due diligence on the 5 exiting business segments for the onshore business of our client; constructed detailed operating model for onshore natural gas midstream business on a by segment basis.
Conducted additional due diligence on the offshore upstream natural gas assets of the client for the subsequent take-out term loan since cash flow to offshore group is not ring-fenced in renewed loan terms.
Constructed 3 additional oil-and-gas upstream asset models, an offshore holding company model that consolidates the 3 offshore asset models and a consolidated group model for onshore and offshore segments.
Prepared three 80-page credit memos with detailed assumption write-up, industry analysis and credit analysis based on different scenarios for three credit committee calls to seek approval for bridge loan commitment, syndicated loan deal launch and an initial hold.
Presented and responded to internal credit committee’s enquiries as the only representative from sector team and assisted the team to obtain internal approval for credit commitment for both deals.
Conducted pro forma analysis on the group level as well as subsidiary level to analyse transaction impact on leverage in different transaction structure.
Conducted firepower analysis to assess highest price that prospective buyers could bid without increasing leverage above industry average.
Benchmarked buyer’s bids with valuation of public comparable companies and precedent transactions and helped manage seller’s value expectation.
Graduated with overall Merit and Distinction in graduation thesis.
Graduated with First Class Honours (71%) and Distinction in graduation thesis.
Awarded the Reddaway scholarship and 1912 Senior Scholarship for academic excellence.
Interests:  Playing in a band as guitarist and vocalist, reading, writing lyrics and prose, jogging.6 plus years equity research analyst with expertise in bottom-up investing.
Strong Asian network with the research focus on China A/H markets.
Expertise in fundamental analysis&modelling, due diligence, and channel check.  Fluency in Mandarin and English. Proficiency in Office/Bloomberg/Capital IQ.
Associate –Senior Equity Analyst, Great China Consumer      Jan 2015– Present  Lead analyst of the China/HK consumer goods and retail research team.
Performing due diligence and channel check of clients/suppliers/competitors.
Presenting bottom-up investment ideas to global institutional investors effectively.
Reports were published as an "Ideal Engine" product of Credit Suisse globally.  Ranked Top 3 Asian ex-Japan Consumer Analyst in “Institutional Investor” ranking.
Vice President – Equity Analyst, China Consumer           Sep 2010– Nov 2014.
Writing analyst of 40+ China/HK consumer, retail and E-commerce companies.
Expertise in financial and valuation modelling and comparable company analyses.
Combine top-down and bottom-up fundamental analysis to find high-quality businesses with sustainable competitive advantages.   Ranked Top 3 in New Fortune Best Analysts Awarding from 2010 to 2014.
Treasury Specialist –Finance Department                 Jan 2008 – Aug 2010  Treasury management and project planning/budgeting/accounting.   In charge of the financial analysis of major clients.
Honors Degree BA in Accounting and Economics             Sep 2003– Jul 2006.Seeking advanced positions in real estate, finance, or private equity, special focus on U.S.
projects due diligences, sales, marketing analysis and support.
Seeking advanced positions in real estate, finance, or private equity, special focus on U.S.
projects due diligences, sales, marketing analysis and support.
Seeking advanced positions in real estate, finance, or private equity, special focus on U.S.
projects due diligences, sales, marketing analysis and support.
Title: Chief Project Analyst & Project Development Job responsibility:.
Discuss potential opportunities with developers and regional centers for partnership in real estate investments, including EB-5 Financing and Private Equity deals.
Due diligence on the real estate projects, review the offering documents and modify. Structure the offering documents with compliance of U.S. Immigration Laws and Security Law.
Financial analysis and examine the project’s profitability. Raise critical questions on financial model and appraisal numbers.
Training and support the sales team for project promotion, project basic status, follow the market competition and immigration trends.
Project management and follow up on the updates and progress.
 KOA consultants, Ltd. (Shanghai)                                                   Nov 2013 – Sep 2015 Title: Business Development Job responsibility:.
Develop and maintain migration brokers and agents, attend and support agents’ events and activities.  Attend conventions and seminars for building relationship.
Keep update the market trends and competition. Research the different type of projects and analysis their advantages and disadvantages on sales, change the market policy for the competition.
Research on different projects, reading their full set of offering documents, and give opinion on their strength. Also get the idea of project structure and components.
Keep aware the policy change in U.S. and China. Create the best solution based on the current situation for investment.
Train the agents with EB-5 policies and project key points. Support agents in project related questions.
 Nevada Real Estate Corp.  (Las Vegas)                                               Sep 2012- Jul 2013 Assistant property manager  Job responsibility:.
Introduce the rental and house buyers to company listed properties. Learn their needs and find the best match properties.
Audit the rental income and expense. Write monthly report to summarize the operation, and analysis the operation.
Arrange the repair contractors, follow the renters’ requests, checking vendor’s work.
Write monthly report on market change, and compare the different type of properties.
Title: Chief Project Analyst & Project Development Job responsibility:.
Discuss potential opportunities with developers and regional centers for partnership in real estate investments, including EB-5 Financing and Private Equity deals.
Due diligence on the real estate projects, review the offering documents and modify. Structure the offering documents with compliance of U.S. Immigration Laws and Security Law.
Financial analysis and examine the project’s profitability. Raise critical questions on financial model and appraisal numbers.
Training and support the sales team for project promotion, project basic status, follow the market competition and immigration trends.
Project management and follow up on the updates and progress.
 KOA consultants, Ltd. (Shanghai)                                                   Nov 2013 – Sep 2015 Title: Business Development Job responsibility:.
Develop and maintain migration brokers and agents, attend and support agents’ events and activities.  Attend conventions and seminars for building relationship.
Keep update the market trends and competition. Research the different type of projects and analysis their advantages and disadvantages on sales, change the market policy for the competition.
Research on different projects, reading their full set of offering documents, and give opinion on their strength. Also get the idea of project structure and components.
Keep aware the policy change in U.S. and China. Create the best solution based on the current situation for investment.
Train the agents with EB-5 policies and project key points. Support agents in project related questions.
 Nevada Real Estate Corp.  (Las Vegas)                                               Sep 2012- Jul 2013 Assistant property manager  Job responsibility:.
Introduce the rental and house buyers to company listed properties. Learn their needs and find the best match properties.
Audit the rental income and expense. Write monthly report to summarize the operation, and analysis the operation.
Arrange the repair contractors, follow the renters’ requests, checking vendor’s work.
Write monthly report on market change, and compare the different type of properties.
Title: Chief Project Analyst & Project Development Job responsibility:.
Discuss potential opportunities with developers and regional centers for partnership in real estate investments, including EB-5 Financing and Private Equity deals.
Due diligence on the real estate projects, review the offering documents and modify. Structure the offering documents with compliance of U.S. Immigration Laws and Security Law.
Financial analysis and examine the project’s profitability. Raise critical questions on financial model and appraisal numbers.
Training and support the sales team for project promotion, project basic status, follow the market competition and immigration trends.
Project management and follow up on the updates and progress.
 KOA consultants, Ltd. (Shanghai)                                                   Nov 2013 – Sep 2015 Title: Business Development Job responsibility:.
Develop and maintain migration brokers and agents, attend and support agents’ events and activities.  Attend conventions and seminars for building relationship.
Keep update the market trends and competition. Research the different type of projects and analysis their advantages and disadvantages on sales, change the market policy for the competition.
Research on different projects, reading their full set of offering documents, and give opinion on their strength. Also get the idea of project structure and components.
Keep aware the policy change in U.S. and China. Create the best solution based on the current situation for investment.
Train the agents with EB-5 policies and project key points. Support agents in project related questions.
 Nevada Real Estate Corp.  (Las Vegas)                                               Sep 2012- Jul 2013 Assistant property manager  Job responsibility:.
Introduce the rental and house buyers to company listed properties. Learn their needs and find the best match properties.
Audit the rental income and expense. Write monthly report to summarize the operation, and analysis the operation.
Arrange the repair contractors, follow the renters’ requests, checking vendor’s work.
Write monthly report on market change, and compare the different type of properties.
One Clinton Heights, Brooklyn, New York City, Residentail, Total budget $540 million，EB-5 mezz $110 million.
76 11ave, Manhattan, New York City. Mix Use, Hotel and Residential, Total budget $1.8 billlion，EB5 mezz $250 million.
Brooklyn Downtown Macy’s Redevelopment by Tishman Speyer. Office building. Total budget $490 million, EB-5 mezz $75 million.
1568 Broadway, Manhattan, New York City. Mix Use, Commercial and Hotel. Total Budget, $2.1 billion, EB-5 mezz 300 million.
Hallets Point, Phase I by Durst Organization. Rental with NYC 80/20. Total Budget $320 million, EB-5 pref $100 million.
9040 Sunset Blvd, Beverly Hill, California. Total Budget, $409 million, EB-5 pref $75 million.
158 E 126 St, East Harlem, New York City. Rental. Total Budget, $176 million, EB-5 bridge loan replacement, $50 million.
1 Journal Square by Kushner Companies, New Jersey. Mix Use. Project cancelled for political reasons.
30-77 Vernon St & 40-80 12 St, Astoria, New York City. Rental with NYC 80/20. Total Budget, $315 million, EB-5 mezz $57.5 million.
University of Nevada, Reno (2008-2012)                                       Graduate GPA: 3.38  Bachelor’s degree of Finance, Minor in Gaming Management and Economics.Languages: English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent), French (Basic).
Databases used: Wood Mackenzie, CAPA, Ascend Online, Bloomberg, FactSet, ThomsonOne, Factiva, Dealogic, Mergermarket.
Interests: Scuba diving (Certified PADI International Open Water Diver), Poker (Winner of HEC’s Texas Hold’em Poker 2012), Athletics.
Worked on 6 deals, including sell-side and buy-side M&A, leveraged buyouts and equity financings; prepared valuation analyses, built merger and LBO models, and presentation materials.
o US$16bn Privatization of Global Logistic Properties (Integrated real estate logistics developer).
− Advised Board on valuation such as SOTP/ DCF; final offer price of S$3.38 represented ~80% premium and exceeded highest ever closing price since listing.
− Evaluated buyers’ offers through ability-to-pay analysis for strategics and IRR analysis for financial sponsors  o Strategic review of an Indonesian tower company (M&A, debt and equity financing).
− Built a merger model, solving for pro-forma combination and accretion/ dilution analysis with various targets.
− Constructed a credit model for loan refinancing, and performed credit/ ratings analysis to determine optimal debt headroom.
− Prepared investor presentation for an equity placement, including industry landscape and peer benchmarking  o US$900m Cross border buy-side M&A of Super Group (Singapore listed F&B company).
− Conducted DCF valuation, potential synergies and LBO analysis; involved in project management and coordinated multiple work streams.
o US$1.5bn Asset divestment of ENGIE’s coal-fired power plants in Indonesia and India.
− Ran sell-side M&A involving preparation of seller’s model, information memorandum, buyer selection, due diligence and SPA negotiations.
− Analysis included transaction structuring to maximize value for both assets (e.g. tax consideration, optimal capital structure and capital management).
Supported the team in financial modeling and putting together materials for client presentation.
o Potential US$1.5bn take private pitch of a regional agriculture company and alternative merger of its subsidiaries to streamline capital structure.
− Constructed a football field which triangulated LBO valuation, trading comparables and precedent transactions − Built a LBO model with sensitivity analysis for the proposed take private.
Investment Banking Winter Analyst (Power, Transportation and Infrastructure team).
Created an information memorandum for an airline sell-side mandate.
Independently built an airline financial model that was used for internal financing purposes.
Assisted in originating and creating of pitch books for deals in the power and transportation industry.
  Kept abreast of key economic events, performed equity screening and pitched investment ideas    Automated daily tracking of positions and FX exposure of assets and daily portfolio reconciliation.
Double Degree in Bachelor of Business Administration (Finance) and Bachelor of Arts (Economics).
Achievements: 2014 National Stock Pitch Challenge (Champion), CFA Research Challenge 2013 (Finalist), NUS Shell Business Case Competition 2011 (Semi-Finalist), Language Immersion Award 2011 to Institut National des Sciences Appliquée de Lyon, French Language and Studies (Level 4).
Final Year Project: Consulting practicum with Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (“GIC”).
Student Exchange Program – Business Management and Finance.
  Enrolled in Grande École modules – Asset and Portfolio Management, Corporate Finance, Strategy.
Pioneered NUS Investment Banking Club to help students aspiring to work in finance.
Established mentorship program with a vision of forming a professional finance alumni network.
Conducted weekly technical workshops on valuation and financial modeling to c.80 students.Seeking a challenging career that contributes leadership and research & consultancy skills that will add value to a reputational organisation in the financial services industry.
Achieved annual RMB 1.4 million revenues by advising real estate developers/investors and conducting detailed and logical market studies, including the office, retail, logistics and high-end residential sectors.
Lead two research analysts to monitor property markets in China’s secondary cities as well as guided North China Research on market overview and property consultancy.
Support and oversee companies’ research publications covering China at the national and city levels by coordinating with the research departments of more than ten cities to produce the quarterly Greater China Property Digest and manage REIS Tianjin/Harbin/Changchun/Dalian property market coverage.
Assisted in collecting documents for a USD 30 million mortgage loan by examining invoices and payment, developing a streamlined methodology that could potentially streamline workflow.
Monitored and updated seven month-end financial statements by building financial models in Excel and accurately reporting variances between accounts and accruals.
Initiated data analytical strategies behind the management of the company’s two assets, including analysing Key.
Performance Indicators, operational performance issues, and gap closure between budget and accruals.
Researched, compared and tested the annual cost plan, finding out which expenses could affect > 5% revenue.
•  Achieved competitive analysis by benchmarking the financials of 200+ competitors related to the.
biology/healthcare sector to forecast target company’s increased 5.6% in sales in quarterly financial performance.
Research Assistant, Fortune 500 Companies in the Diversified Industries                                  January 2013 - April 2013.
Technical Skills: Proficient in Excel; trained in Discounted Cash Flow and Project Financial Modelling (vlookup, hlookup, pivot table, VBA).
Interests: American Chamber member, Volunteer (29th Beijing Summer Olympics, Junior Achievement,.
Marathon), Peer Career Adviser (DePaul Kellstadt Career Management Center).Finance professional with solid experience in equity research, financial modelling, financial statement analysis, auditing and data management. Chartered accountant with strong analytical and project management skills that is able to complete multi-faceted tasks under time constraints with excellent performance. A committed, self-driven, meticulous and ethical person who is eager to take challenges, learn and coach.
Bachelor of BBA (Accounting & Finance)  The University of Hong Kong  09/2007 – 07/2010 Minor in Psychology.
Perform bottom-up fundamental analysis on over 20 stocks within Greater China equities universe to make recommendations, with focus in consumer discretionary sector.
Construct detailed financial models to estimate a company's future revenue growth, earnings, and bottom line profitability through DCF, sum-of-parts, P/E, P/S etc. valuation method.
Write regular research reports, earnings notes, and industry sector reports for covered companies.
Initiate coverage on companies within luxury, tourism and home appliance industries.
Undertake due diligence through the review of public documents, annual reports, trade journals; networking with industry specialists.
Develop and maintain relationships with industry contacts and company executives to enhance qualitative research.
Assist in the design and preparation of analyst marketing strategy and materials.
Collect and analyze data from annual reports, earnings releases, Bloomberg, Wind and CEIC.
Researched and analysed over 15 stocks in Greater China consumer sector.
Provided comprehensive analysis of company’s growth prospect and investment worthiness.
Communicated with both external and internal stakeholders, including equity analysts, portfolio managers, investors relations and Bloomberg News.
Performed due diligence through investigating annual reports, company announcements and other news.
Monitored the progress of the audit engagements and subordinates as Senior-In-Charge.
Advised the client in resolving auditing and accounting issues.
Performed discounted cash flow model and valuation of real estate projects.
Performed analytical procedures and substantive testings to detect unusual financial statement relationships.
Led various field-audit teams in 13 cities of mainland China.
Financial Software  Advanced Usage of  Bloomberg, Reuters Eikon, CEIC and Wind.
Computer Software  Advanced Usage of Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, MYOB.
Language  English (Fluent), Cantonese (Native), Mandarin (Native).Investment professional with five years of experience in equity research and investment consulting.
Broad research experience acquired through working with analysts and portfolio managers across Capital Group.
Varied financial modeling experience gained from building / maintaining financial models for different industries.
Proven ability to work under high demands and handling multiple projects through timely delivery of high-quality work.
Ability to work autonomously gained from supporting analysts based in different locations.
Displayed high working credentials at Cambridge Associates through fast-tracked promotion to Team Leader for the recognition of various leading roles played, including high-profile client projects, recruitment efforts and mentorship program.
Proven strong analytical and writing skills through deliverables such as manager searches and performance commentaries.
Strong interpersonal communication and team working skills due to experience from working on various client and project teams -  Proficient in Microsoft Office applications, Factset, Bloomberg; prior experience with VBA, Matlab.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  02/14 – Present CAPITAL GROUP COMPANIES, Singapore.
EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS 04/15 – Present CFA INSTITUTE, CHARTERED FINANCIAL ANALYST, Singapore 09/09 – 09/10    UNIVERSITY OF WARWICK, WARWICK BUSINESS SCHOOL, Coventry, UK.
Relevant Coursework: Corporate Finance, Financial Reporting & Statement Analysis, Empirical Finance, Investment Management, Derivative Securities, Quantitative Methods for Finance, Economics for Financial Markets.
Dissertation Summary: Used different copulas to investigate the dependency structure between Equities and FX, as well as the efficacy of their corresponding VaR estimates during the 2008 financial crisis.
09/06 – 07/09  THE UNIVERSITY OF MANCHESTER, SCHOOL OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, Manchester, UK.
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Economic Studies, majoring in Accounting & Finance; Second Upper Class Honours.
Relevant Coursework: Financial Analysis of Corporate Performance, Financial Engineering, Financial Derivatives.
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  10/08 – 05/09   MANCHESTER UNIVERSITY TRADING & INVESTMENT SOCIETY (MUTIS), Manchester, UK.
Researched UK financial sector to identify under-valued stocks and discuss opportunities.
Evaluated financial stocks based on tier 1 capital ratios, leverage ratios and loan-to-deposit ratios.
Built and maintained company financial models across various sectors (Asia-Pacific Telecom Services, US Cable, Exchanges, Health Care, Offshore Oil Services) and geographies to aid analysts in the idea generation process.
Responsible for the monitoring and coverage on Australia, Hong Kong, Japan Telecoms, ASEAN Hospitals, US Cable sectors, involving quarterly updates, company meetings as well as due diligence calls.
Supported the initiation of research coverage on Indian Pharmaceuticals, ASEAN Hospitals, as well as various geographies within Developed Asia-Pacific Telecom Services.
Worked on two equity raising exercises, both within the Telecom Services sector.
Conducted equity screening exercises and constructed comp tables to support the investment process.
Conducted quantitative projects to evaluate the efficacy of certain quantitative ‘rules’.
Conducted analysis for Investment Policy Review and Strategic Asset Allocation projects for multi-asset institutional portfolios with Assets Under Management ranging from S$150mm to S$5bn.
Investigated performance of different investment policy options in various historical and simulated scenarios by conducting stress tests and scenario analyses over different time periods.
Analyzed client portfolios along various risk parameters to evaluate inherent risk exposures in client portfolios.
Implemented investment manager searches and constructed pitch books detailing recommendations.
Researched and analyzed investment managers to produce tactical recommendations for institutional portfolios.
Evaluated performance of both traditional and alternative asset managers to ensure suitability with client portfolios • Managed Consulting Associate recruitment process through various recruitment cycles.
BANK JULIUS BAER, INVESTMENT SERVICES GROUP, RESEARCH ASIA, Singapore.
Analyzed individual companies and conducted sector research in order to assist research analysts in their reports.
Responsible for analyzing and presenting non-Asian equities to internal clients on a weekly basis.
Tasked with assisting analysts in the timely delivery of publications targeted at both internal and external clients.Buy-side professional with broad-based experience in hedge fund research and allocation. Over the course of my career I have held several roles at once, worked on various portfolios and built up the analysis functions at two firms. Currently looking for challenging and entrepreneurial positions within the financial markets universe.
2013-2017  PAAMCO (Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company).
Lead analyst on the Convertible Bond Hedging (CBH) portfolio at PAAMCO, directly supporting the sector specialist on CBH and volatility strategies in building up the firm’s customized exposure to this sector.
Provided regular monitoring of PAAMCO’s CBH portfolio including tracking & reporting of underlying hedge fund exposure and producing monthly analysis of the market & opportunity set.
Lead analyst on the firm’s Asian portfolio; supporting PMs to build customized portfolios of hedge funds in Asia.
Conduct primary equity analysis on large portfolio positions to develop independent views.
Represent PAAMCO at various industry-wide conferences and seminars; meet with hedge fund managers for vetting; Perform due diligence on new Asian managers pre-funding.
Part of marketing team engaging with and pitching PAAMCO solutions to prospects in the region; provide regular monthly portfolio reporting to Asian clientele.
Deliver RFPs for prospects and coordinate marketing & account management activities across Asia-Pac.
Part of company’s leadership team, involved in identifying firm strategies, targets & developing new products.
Presented ongoing directional view on global hedge funds sector using top-down and fundamental analysis.
Established Eurekahedge’s analytical platform; formulated research methodologies to provide an innovative approach to fund analytics; published monthly reports on global hedge funds sector (performance, key trends).
Collaborated with Mizuho Alternative Investments (New York) in the development of a new systematic Asian alternatives index replication fund (factor replication).
Managed judging panel for annual Asian Hedge Fund Awards for 4 years – worked with leading industry practitioners to select funds and winners across 15 categories.
Provided key insights on the industry through live TV interviews and articles in international financial journals; managed media relations for one year – increased TV coverage by 150%.
Perform business case analyses & industry research of commodities sector; Developed financial models to simulate molecular trade within the palm oil production and tolling value chain.
Led management reporting and P&L forecasting activities for US$200 million Asia Pacific business; delivered FY0708 forecast with 99% accuracy.
Evaluated purchase contracts and potential joint ventures in commodities sector. Conducted site visits and due diligence on potential business partners.
2006 – 2007 Associate Global Initiatives Manager, Gillette Business Unit  Singapore.
Led marketing initiatives for 2 brands to deliver 15% topline growth; Introduced 9 new products and launched more than 50 promotions across Asia-Pacific region while also supporting product launches in Latin America.
Gillette Integration: Led process development for new initiatives in Asia-Pac for P&G – Gillette Integration.
2015 - 2017 Singapore Civil Defense Force: Volunteer firefighter (CPL-V) in Singapore Civil Defence Auxiliary Unit  Singapore.
2012 - 2015 The RICE Fund: Led Singapore fundraising for charity, raised ~SGD150,000 via charity auctions  Singapore.
2012   Contributing author: Chapter on Islamic funds for book titled “Investing in MENA Region” published by Euromoney.
2011 - 2013 Columnist   – Reuters Economic Times, Expert Zone: Maintained a column on alternate investments sector.
•   Master of Arts by Research – South Asian Studies (research program on South Asian economic policies).
Member NUS Debating Team: represented the varsity at international tournaments (WUDC, Austral-Asian).
Skills: Bloomberg, CapitalIQ, advanced skills in Excel - VBA (macros) and manipulating large data-sets using SQL.
PAAMCO Reference: Misha Garboi, CEO PAAMCO Asia, +65-6594-2400.
Eurekahedge Reference: Alexander Mearns, CEO Eurekahedge, +65-6212-0920.Flat C, 20/F, Block 20, 8 Laguna Verde Ave., Hunghom, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Bank Julius Baer & Co. (through acquisition of Merrill Lynch)  Hong Kong Equity Analyst  September 2013 – Present.
Fundamental analysis: For Hong Kong and China companies, with emphasis on consumer, real estate, conglomerates, utilities, telecom, and internet & media.  Identified opportunities in select high conviction stocks [Baidu (BIDU US), Swire Properties (1972 HK), Samsonite International (1910 HK) ] which yielded an average return of 27% between Jan. 2014 – Oct. 2014.
Publishing Analyst: Published research reports on single security recommendations through analyzing sector dynamics, company business fundamentals, and direct company management interactions.
Thematic Research: Greater China Quarterly (flagship publication on Greater China themes) and Asia Tourism (positive on the outbound Chinese tourism) through detailed analysis of industry trends.
Direct client interaction: Provide direct advisory services to relationship managers and investment advisors.
Investment Analyst, Chief Investment Office  July 2011 – August 2013.
Regular research contributor: Drafted weekly research notes for clients and internal partners on global equity strategy, macroeconomic analysis and tactical asset allocation.
Macro research: Conducted statistical and fundamental analyses on Asian macroeconomic trends to assess impact on potential investment themes.
Proprietary data: Developed detailed spreadsheets to evaluate and track country sector valuations and mutual fund performance to support investment decisions.
Multi asset experience: Assisted in formulating a regional research-driven, cross-asset portfolio strategy with product implementation ideas, based on equity valuation models and technical momentum indicators.
Shenzhen Union-Chain Paper Co., Ltd  Shenzhen, China Management Associate  December 2010 – June 2011.
Industry experience: Completed a four month departmental rotation in Sourcing and Financing, Sales and Manufacturing, Quality Control, and Management Office, gaining a wide breadth of experience.
Project leadership: Led an initiative to improve efficiency by interviewing 50 employees to gather suggestions and ideas to improve operations; wrote a report to management, which resulted in the implementation of new processes.
Teaching Assistant for Engineering Statistics and Quality Control, Probability and Statistics for Business.
Financial Modeling and Valuation Training Program  May 2013 – June 2013.
Completed a four week intensive course on financial analysis, valuation methodologies and advanced financial modeling.
Performed company valuations utilizing (i) comparable public company analysis, (ii) precedent transactions analysis and (iii) discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis.
Built fully-integrated financial statements projection model, LBO model, accretion/dilution merger models, including ability to run operational and capital structure sensitivities within models.
Languages: Fluent in English, Mandarin, Cantonese and Taiwanese.
Technical Skills: Bloomberg, Factset, R, SAS, Matlab, Microsoft Excel, Adobe Creative Suite.
Certifications: Hong Kong Monetary Authority Restricted Activities Type 1, 2; CFA Institute Level I Candidate.
B.S. in Economics and Statistic; Minor in Global Systems Management.Highly motivated research analyst with 5 years of equities investment & research experience within regional capital markets. Proven ability to assume regional sector research coverage and contribute good investment ideas with returnoutperformance track record:.
Experience covering HK/China, Singapore and Malaysia market.
CFA charterholder with strong accounting and financial modelling skills, with constant drive to excel further.
Strong professional network in China fostered out of Tsinghua alumni platform – instant access to regulatory and industry updates from government entities, SOEs and private sectors.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills as a trilingual [ English, Chinese (Mandarin & Cantonese) , and Bahasa] with work and living experience in Kuala Lumpur, Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong and Rotterdam.
Self-starter, result-oriented and able to work under pressure.
Senior Research Analyst                              (Nov 2015 – Present) HK/China Consumer team member.
Posted in Shanghai, China to broaden the team’s A-share coverage. High familiarity with CSI 300 Index, particularly on highly-weighted financials & property sector, and prospective TMT and healthcare sector.
Lead analyst in covering home appliances names ( H-share and A-share) such as Qingdao Haier, Midea, GREE (blue-chips with strong QFII interests) GOME, Haier Electronics etc.
Co-coverage in broad consumer industry such as food retail sector, luxuries and FMCGs.
Generate quarterly result reports and thematic sector reports.
Attending to investor’s queries and organize companies roadshows. Frequent company visits and conversations with management to maintain up-to-date industry insights.
Core team member at investment arm of Great Eastern Life Assurance, the largest domestic private institutional fund with AUM of approximately USD20 billion.
Conducted in-depth research on listed companies by performing fundamental analysis. Build and maintain financial models with earnings, balance sheet and cash flow projection. Write research reports.
Participated in the assessment of IPO deals with key tasks including investment-memo writing, fair value derivation and term-sheet review.
Lead analyst in evaluating a buy-out offer for our significant stake in a global tobacco company privatization deal. Went through rigorous DDM analysis and tabled the undervalued findings to counterparty, and managed to negotiate for a higher takeover price which resulted in c. RM5m extra gain to our funds.
Assisted team members in maintaining financial models - adopted various valuation methods for different industries such as DCF for consumer staples and concessionaires, RNAV for property, P/B for banks and EV/EBITDA for telco players etc.
Monitored portfolio companies closely via investor briefings and regular meetings with corporates. Vigilant and respond swiftly to company developments.
Leveraged on Bloomberg and market tools to perform bottom-up equities screening based on qualitative factors such as Syariah-compliance, corporate governance and valuation parameters such as price/earnings multiples, return-on-equity and dividend yield etc.
Regular attendance of investment conference in Kuala Lumpur, Hong Kong and Singapore; Maintain industry connections to stay abreast of market and business trends.
Actively contributing investment ideas through company and plant visits, discussions with industry experts and channel checks.
Daily monitoring of global and regional economics dynamics such as currency & commodities movements, foreign fund flows.
Participate in the semi-annual discussion on strategic asset allocation (over/market/underweight in fixed income/equities and developed/emerging markets)  by incorporating views on the global economics direction.
Take responsibility of developing and maintaining portfolio monitor to track the performance of our domestic and foreign portfolio.
Assist in managing our global ETF funds for exposure in FTSE 100 Index, S&P500 and ASX 200 Index.
Gap Year Intern, Equities Research & Sales                     (Jul 2010 – Jul 2011).
Prepared dailies for morning meetings and monthly summaries of the market.
Assisted salesperson on client request, set up meetings and arranging inbound/outbound analyst marketing.
Assisted in preparing marketing materials for a Malaysian oil and gas company's IPO deal worth approx. USD897m.
Attended analyst briefings, summarized information for analyst report.
BBA in Accountancy  (US GAAP), Tsinghua University, Beijing                                      Class of 2012.
Exchange student on scholarship at Rotterdam School of Management, Rotterdam         Autumn/Winter 2009   SPM (Malaysian High School Certification) 10A’s.
Proficient in MS Office(Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Bloomberg, Reuters, WINDS database.
Proficient in spoken and written English, Mandarin, Cantonese and Malay/Indonesian.
Hiked Mount Kinabalu (4095m), third tallest in Southeast Asia.Working as Investment analyst for Akshayam Alternate investment fund under Maybank Asset management Singapore.
Akshayam is Asia( ex Japan) focused long-short equity fund. Its investment style is bottom-up stock-picking based on rigorous fundamental analysis to identify potential investments.
Analyze companies and assist in generating new ideas for the hedge fund.
Working closely with Fund managers, assisting them in the idea generation, stock filtering & decision making process.
Conduct research on companies by going through company disclosures, broker reports and by talking to company management.
Prepare financial models to analyze historical financial performance, future growth potential, sensitivity to various parameters etc.
Keep track of industry and company related news flow and earnings release.
Assist in preparing presentations, investor newsletters and other marketing material for potential investors.
Conducted research & built financial models on over 300 companies spread across countries like India, Indonesia, HK, and China across multiple sectors.
Led an initiative to develop portfolio attribution tools for efficient risk management of the fund.
Proficient with MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS Access, VB Programming, Bloomberg and other financial databases.
ASEAN is Asia focused long only activist equity hedge fund, picking stocks based on bottom-up ideas.
Worked closely with the fund manager to build financial model for Indonesian Coal mining companies.
Assisted in the process of screening deep discounted stocks listed in Malaysian.
Tracked 15 listed companies in the Indian health care sector and initiated coverage on 2 companies independently.
Built financial models for the companies under coverage, projecting earnings and cash flows.
Prepared sector presentation & proprietary databases which were used by the company in various research products.
Worked extensively on Bloomberg & other financial databases.
Maintained client applications (client- Leading US retailer), & developed algorithms as per various client requests.
Developed excellent programming skills, learnt MS COBOL & VBA applications and became adept at writing complex algorithms.
2002 - 2006 NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY KARNATAKA (KREC).
Worked as volunteer with Impact Investment exchange Asia, assisting them build financial model for the exchange.
Interests/Hobbies – General fitness training, reading, solving puzzles.Mobile: +852-5936 6174  E-mail: Lincoln.Kong05@gmail.com Summary.
6 year equity research experience in top-tier Investment Bank; Solid analytical skills, demonstrated quantitative and financial modeling expertise.
CFA chart holder; Passionate on equity market investment, excellent team player with strict attention to detail, proved work ethnic and ability to work in fast paced environment; Self-motivated and self-directed.
2011/08-present   Goldman Sachs      Investment Research Analyst.
Cover offshore and onshore China consumer staples companies (Food & Beverage, Beer, Dairy, Pork etc.).
Primary coverage: Yili, Bright Dairy, Shuanghui, Tsingtao, Tingyi, UPC, CR Beer, WH Group, Mengniu, Want Want etc.
Conduct company and industry research and made recommendations regarding buying, selling securities.
Key stock calls: 1) BUY CRE, the earliest to call stock re-rating on margin improvement and potential industry consolidation; Buy Yili, superior industry leader gaining market share from premium products.
2) SELL Tsingtao and Mengniu Dairy (both generated 30%+ alpha in 2014-15): One of the earliest to forecast beer volume downturn and Tsingtao structural brand weakness; Also hold the bearish view to call global/domestic dairy oversupply and intensifying competition in branded liquid milk market.
Maintain 15+ financial models and conduct detailed forecasts and valuation analysis on respective companies; Analyze long term industry structure trends and cyclical movements; Keep close track of industry/company news flow;.
Frequent channel check and ground research on companies; Regularly write company updates, earnings review.
Pitch latest stock ideas to global buy-side clients, GS internal investment committee; Generate investment ideas and structure thematic, deep-dive reports on the companies.
Asia Construction, Cement and Infrastructure, Research Analyst, Singapore.
Worked with Senior analyst and covered regional infrastructure, cement and construction sector.
Key coverage: Semen Indonesia, Indocement, Siam Cement, Jasa Marga, Airports of Thailand, Malaysia Airports etc.
Recommended investment portfolios generated highest alpha and ranked No.1 among GS Asia teams.
Key stock call: Buy Airports of Thailand (Generated 110% return vs. index’s 20% in 6 months).
Transaction experience: Pre-IPO Investor Education on Westports (Malaysia leading port operator, US$650mn deal).
Built from scratch 15+ financial models and produced detailed forecasts across sectors in South East Asia.
Implemented Tests of Operating Effectiveness (TOE) on a global cosmetic company and ensured expense accuracy.
Examined and maintained accuracy of all cash items and bank loan accounts for clients from China.
2007/09-2011/06   Zhejiang University    Finance, Honors College  Hangzhou, China.
China’s Top 5 university, GPA:3.8/4.0; Jevons Honors Program of Business: 50 students selected each year (50/5000).
Core courses: Corporate Finance, Investments, Intermediate Accounting, Financial Engineering, Risk Management.
Licenses: HK SFC license, Singapore financial advisory(M5), China Qualification of Security Practitioners,.
2010/07-2010/08  National Taiwan University International Finance Practice Taipei  Gained edged financial practice taught by management executives from HK and Taiwan finance industries.
2009/01-2009/02   University of Washington  Educational Outreach   Seattle, US.
Reached score of A plus during intensive cross-culture training, 35 students selected from CKC Honors College (35/500) Extra-curricular Activities.
2011/03-2011/05   ‘Enter Your Future’ Program  Engagement Manager   Warsaw, Poland.
Conducted workshops about entrepreneurship, culture, language and cuisine among 500 students in 6 Polish school.
2009/07-2009/09   Birla Institute of Mgmt. Tech.  Project Manager    New Delhi, India.
Organized and designed ‘China Day’ culture show, more than 1000 people participated, reported by Chinese Embassy.
Cooperated with Standard Chartered Bank to deliver presentations about HIV/AIDS, 300 people impacted.5 years’ experience in finance industry and 2.5 years’ experience in Asset Management Company. Detailed knowledge in financial market. Self-starting, fast learner and highly adaptable to changes in fast-moving environment; open minded and has strong analytical skills.
Singapore Management University, Lee Kong Chian School of Business            Jul 2010-June 2011.
Awarded Best Student Awards-top 10%, GPA 3.86/4 (Dean’s List Honor).
Xiamen University, School of Mathematics                                   Sep 2006-June 2010.
Work in a team to manage long-short equity fund focused on Asia-Pacific area (mainly Greater China area) Generate new investment ideas and conduct in-depth fundamental research and analysis of companies and industries.
Understand and monitor key value drivers of companies and industries.
Conduct broad market and industry analysis to identify investment trends and opportunities.
Recommended over 10 stocks to long over 2 years including Kweichow Moutai, Robam Appliances, New.
Liaise with Midas Head Quarter(Midas International Asset Management Ltd, AUM USD 10 Billion) and provide research support.
Assist in Middle and Back office ad-hoc work and familiar with overall operating process of hedge fund including risk management and compliance.
Analyze the impact of corporate action on portfolios,resolve reconciliation difference and ensure the validity of daily P&L valuation.
Liaise with all parties to the fund in a professional manner (investment managers /advisors, auditors, custodians).
Evaluate and improve procedures to reduce errors, ensure consistency within department.
Liaised with internal stakeholders and external vendors to ensure that Priority Banking events communications were executed within timelines.
Assisted supervising in the revamping of communication materials for Priority Banking.
Processed and tracked payment of invoices and ensured accuracy.
Familiar with the basic processing of setting up corporate banking accounts.
Communicated with clients on a daily basis and responded to client queries on banking processes.
Research Assistant for Professor Mitchell Craig WARACHKA, SMU          Spring 2011.
Searched, compiled and analyzed Trade & Foreign Direct Investment data from CEIC & world bank database.
"Guo Jin Ding, Guo Zhuang Li Hua" Scholarship for academic excellence           2007-2008.
Outstanding Youth League Committee Member, Xiamen University              2007-2008.
Active participant award of School of Mathematics, Xiamen University           2008-2009.
Languages English (Fluent), Mandarin (Native), Hokkien (Native).
Proficient with word, Excel (Advanced spreadsheet-based skills and financial modeling skills).Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies).
Carry out equity research covering Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies in multi sectors (internet and media,.
Utilize bottom-up equity research approach, while top-down approach also plays important role in the research process.
Financial modeling, company visit, management meeting, due diligence, internal research reports.
Build up technical and financial models for individual aluminum smelters and alumina refineries.
Carry out costing analyses for aluminum smelters and alumina refineries under coverage.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies) - part time job while studying in London.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies).
Carry out equity research covering Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies in multi sectors (internet and media,.
Utilize bottom-up equity research approach, while top-down approach also plays important role in the research process.
Financial modeling, company visit, management meeting, due diligence, internal research reports.
Build up technical and financial models for individual aluminum smelters and alumina refineries.
Carry out costing analyses for aluminum smelters and alumina refineries under coverage.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies) - part time job while studying in London.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies).
Carry out equity research covering Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies in multi sectors (internet and media,.
Utilize bottom-up equity research approach, while top-down approach also plays important role in the research process.
Financial modeling, company visit, management meeting, due diligence, internal research reports.
Build up technical and financial models for individual aluminum smelters and alumina refineries.
Carry out costing analyses for aluminum smelters and alumina refineries under coverage.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies) - part time job while studying in London.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies).
Carry out equity research covering Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies in multi sectors (internet and media,.
Utilize bottom-up equity research approach, while top-down approach also plays important role in the research process.
Financial modeling, company visit, management meeting, due diligence, internal research reports.
Build up technical and financial models for individual aluminum smelters and alumina refineries.
Carry out costing analyses for aluminum smelters and alumina refineries under coverage.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies) - part time job while studying in London.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies).
Carry out equity research covering Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies in multi sectors (internet and media,.
Utilize bottom-up equity research approach, while top-down approach also plays important role in the research process.
Financial modeling, company visit, management meeting, due diligence, internal research reports.
Build up technical and financial models for individual aluminum smelters and alumina refineries.
Carry out costing analyses for aluminum smelters and alumina refineries under coverage.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies) - part time job while studying in London.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies).
Carry out equity research covering Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies in multi sectors (internet and media,.
Utilize bottom-up equity research approach, while top-down approach also plays important role in the research process.
Financial modeling, company visit, management meeting, due diligence, internal research reports.
Build up technical and financial models for individual aluminum smelters and alumina refineries.
Carry out costing analyses for aluminum smelters and alumina refineries under coverage.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong and US listed Chinese companies) - part time job while studying in London.
Carry out due diligence on background information of the target companies.
Discuss regularly with portfolio managers to generate investment ideas.
Buyside Research Analyst (Hong Kong listed Chinese companies).
Conduct fundamental researches from both industrial and financial aspects.
Discuss regularly with portfolio managers to generate investment ideas.
Grade: 81/100 (Top 3 in programme; Distinction in all subjects; Member of Beta Gamma Sigma).
Group coursework and academic projects: all top 3 out of 25 groups in the programme.
Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) - Tepper School of Business.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Economics.
Upper second class honor (Major GPA Finance: A; Economics: A-).
Language: Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent), Cantonese (Fluent).
Computer skill: High proficient in Excel, Reuters, Bloomberg.
Sports: Swimming, mid-long distance race, basketball, badminton, regular gym exercise, hiking, etc.
Travel: More than 100 places in UK, particularly in Scottish Highland; Major cities and a few national parks in North America.Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance          Sep. 2011- June 2015.
Relevant Coursework: Derivative Practice (A+)/ Corporate Finance (A)/ Money and Banking (A).
Columbia University                                                               New York, U.S.A       Chinese Young Development Program (The only selected Taiwanese among 60 students)           June – July 2013       •  Completed courses in Finance, Insurance and Public Relations.
Supported Greater China Consumer Team, which focused on shares listed in Hong Kong and Taiwan. These public companies are operated in China (sportswear brands), Hong Kong (retailers), and Taiwan (F&B/convenience stores/e-commerce/textile ODM).
Selected Projects- Asia Convenience Store Report o  Analyzed corporate strategy beneficial to earnings performance through companies’ track record and management teams’ guidance.
Quantified growth driver of Asia convenience stores in Philippines and China compared with other regions in Asia by conducting comparative analysis and deep-dive industry research. This report required close collaboration with teams across Asia, including Korea, Japan, and ASEAN.
Constructed valuation comparison table to assist writing analyst derive reasonable target price.
Routine work included model maintenance, valuation tracking, data analysis, and earnings notes writing.
Summer Analyst, Investment Management                                              June – Aug. 2014 •  Assisted Hong Kong-based portfolio managers in conducting industry analyses and writing stock recommendations.
  Analyzed residential housing demand/supply in China and presented the results to portfolio managers.
Performed analytical procedures to detect unusual financial statement relationships.
Reviewed and evaluated control systems to ensure compliance with management policies.
Planned and executed four-day social events for Pan Asia Model United Nations 2013 with budgets up to NTD 600,000. The activity attracted over 200 attendees across Asia.
Columbia Youth Development Program Case Study Competition                       New York, U.S.A       Team Member                                                                         August 2013        •  Took 2nd place in a team of 6 participants from China among the case study competition for exchange students.
Coordinated team’s efforts to conduct financial and market research on LinkedIn’s potential business in China.
Recommended expansion strategies for LinkedIn, including collaborating with existing communication tools in China and contributing more to privacy protection.
Student Association of The Department of Finance                                    Taipei, Taiwan       Public Relations                                                                 January – June 2012        •  Organized business tour with Taipei Fubon Bank for fifty students from the department of finance.
Certified Senior Securities Specialist (issued by Securities & Futures Institution of Taiwan).
Presentation skills: Received over eight years of oral training programs for impromptu speech contests.
Activities: 2012 Harvard Project for International Relations/ 2013&2014 London School of Economics’ Asia Investment.
Banking Conference/ Volunteer Teaching Program in Taiwan/ Viking Bar Commercial Blog (financial columnist).
Interests: Bridge (9 years of experience)/ body combat (3 years of experience)/ scuba diving (PADI Open Water License).Email: kaiwen.yong@gmail.com, Contact Number: (SG) +65 92967303.
Oct 2008-Jul 2011  London School of Economics and Political Science, BSc Economics.
Recipient of Economics Departmental Prize for outstanding merit in degree performance.
Jan 2004-Dec 2005   Victoria Junior College, Singapore, GCE A’ Levels.
4 As in Mathematics, Economics, Chemistry and Physics, A2 in General Paper.
Distinction in Chemistry Special Paper and Merit in Physics Special Paper.
Recipient of the Victoria Advisory Committee (VAC) Academic Excellence Award.
Apr 2014-Current  HSBC (Investment Banking Division, Associate, Singapore).
Advising a Malaysia based conglomerate in an auction process to dispose of its media business.
Advised Siam City Cement on its acquisition of LafargeHolcim’s business in Sri Lanka for US$400m.
Advised a JV on potential disposal of its Chemicals business in Malaysia.
Advised a Philippines based consumer company on potential acquisition of a Thai business.
Advised a Singapore based Oilfield Services company on disposal of its FPSO business.
Advised KrisEnergy on the establishment of its S$500m Medium Term Notes Programme.
Aug 2011-Apr 2014  HSBC (Investment Banking Division, Oil & Gas, Analyst, London).
Advised Kuwait Petroleum International on an auction process to acquire over 800 fuel retail sites in Italy from Shell.
Advised CIS major on its US$300m attempted acquisition of Vostok Energy.
Advised Saudi Aramco on its global Refining & Marketing strategy.
Advised Melrose Resources on US$500m merger with Petroceltic.
Advised Kazmunaigas on its attempted acquisition of ConocoPhillips’ assets in Russia and for Hess’s stake in ACG fields in Azerbaijan.
Jul 2010-Sept 2010  HSBC (Investment Banking Division, Financial Sponsors Group, Summer Analyst, London).
Prepared company profiles, sector outlooks, trading and transaction comparables for pitch books, and assisted in DCF and LBO models across a range of industries including business services, TMT, consumer and retail.
Aug 2009-Sept 2009  United Overseas Bank Kay Hian (Equity Research, Summer Intern, Singapore).
Assisted in research of the Asia Pacific aviation industry and building financial models for several airlines.
Mar 2008-Jul 2008   Accenture (Customer Relationship Management, Summer Intern, Singapore).
Conducted research on True Number Portability and identified customer segments for post paid mobile users.
Mar 2006-Jan 2008  Ministry of Defence (Human Resource Transformation Programme, Project Assistant, Singapore).
Sept 2009  LSE-SMU Asia Investment Banking Conference 2009 (Director, Sponsorship) 2008-2009  LSE Business Society (Director, Special Events) 2008-2009  LSE Singapore Society (Head, Career Affairs and Corporate Relations).
IT Skills: Bloomberg, Factset, Wood Mackenzie, CERA, Herold, Mergermarket, Factiva, MS Word, MS Powerpoint, MS Excel, MS Outlook.
Languages: Fluent in English and Mandarin (Written and Spoken).
Interests: Piano (ABRSM Certified Grade 8), A cappella, Tennis, Travelling.Intern, Transportation Team, Research& Development Center  July 2016 – October 2016.
Collected and analyzed macroeconomic/industrial data and information, updated the database of air ticket price and discount, visited clients and attended roadshow.
Wrote independently in-depth reports such as Supply Chain Finance industry report and the value analysis of public companies in the transportation industry.
Part-time, Consultant in Equity Research  March 2016 - Present.
A Boston-based asset management firm with US $118 billion under management.
Sourced and collected weekly important news about macroeconomics, policies, and industries.
Surveyed monthly the information about sales volume and inventory level of real estate, consumer products, automobiles, home appliance, machines, engineering machinery, and transportation through questionnaire, telephone survey and site visits.
Wrote research reports for public companies, such as analysis of listed airports companies.
S.C. JOHNSON  Shanghai, China Purchasing Supervisor  September 2014 - March 2015.
Leading FMCG enterprise, main products include Mr. Muscle and Raid.
Conducted market research on home cleaning suppliers for the launch of the new home cleaning project.
Made the monthly market report for raw material of household chemicals industry, including import/export volume, market price, supply & demand, and production/shutdown information. Used the report for procurement budgeting and decision making.
Coordinated production and delivery schedule of suppliers to meet the emergent demand for raw material as a result of soaring sales of finished products.
Products: paper, food pack and consumer products. 2013 revenue: USD 12 billion.
Owned and managed new projects, initiated biweekly meeting with related departments about the progress of new projects to improve cross-department cooperation.
Designed model to adjust the monthly purchase price of a petrochemical material based on market and the model was integrated into Standard Operation Procedure of the company.
Built database for paper, household chemicals and petrochemicals industry to analyze market price and change in supply & demand, predict market trend, and conduct macroscopic research.
Communicated with related departments about selection of suppliers, allocation of supply and targeted factory of each supplier to reach consensus before making procurement decision.
Undertook research on supply chain, channels, product lines and t segment market size of milk industry and milk package industry to develop 13 best suppliers for the new milk package project.
CFA Level 1, Securities Qualification Exam, Fund Qualification Exam.
Co-founder of Cancer Aid, a non-profit organization for disseminating publics the medical knowledge about cancer and organizing events. Website: www.cancer-aid.org.
Interests including baseball, history, literature, blues music, travel, and architecture.
Master of Business Administration Candidate, Expected in April, 2017.
 Active member of Investing Club, Finance Club  GMAT 750/800.I am a strong driver of growth who thinks of myself as a business partner for the organisation. Operating with a strong sense of initiative and urgency, I thrive in a fast-paced environment. Besides being an excellent communicator across different stakeholder levels, I apply strong business acumen to business issues and value-add to clients and colleagues alike. People see me as a responsible individual entrusted to undertake important assignments. I also have an intense passion for process efficiency and seek out best practices that utilises the least resources and delivers maximum results. CPA Australia qualified and intrapreneurially spirited.
Unity Group is an M&A firm pioneering the “Agglomeration” model to create investment and growth opportunities for SMEs and investors alike. Successfully listed The Marketing Group plc (ST: TMG, Frankfurt: 2MG) mid-2016 to be the third largest acquirer of marcom firms for 2016 globally, behind Dentsu and WPP.
Managed full deal process that commences with relationship management responsibilities by working closely with founders, explaining key deal issues, and building strong rapport with them.
Contributed excellence by working closely with in-house teams such as legal, strategy, finance, investor relation to work through issues during deal process as well as preparing pitch books.
Maximised pipeline flow efficiency by project-managing 5 separate verticals, namely: IT &.
Tech, HR & Training, Property Construction, Financial Services, BPO.
Achieved signed indicative term sheet with founders and proceeded to due-diligence phase.
Concurrently walked founders through legal agreements during due-diligence process, explaining legal points in detail.
Independently conducted overseas client visit completing DD process.
Developed and improved various work documents (DD checklist, report, introduction pack) for use in workflow processes that increased wins.
Conducted preliminary assessments (PA) on incoming deals to evaluate initial valuation based on performance metrics and business suitability.
Put up recommendations to Investment Committee regarding valuation for indicative term sheet with highlights on key risk areas.
Past PA phase, produced financial models of deal with corresponding business plan and opportunity summary report highlighting key issues and further recommendations to Investment Committee.
Doubled up as relationship manager for certain deal, alleviating the workload of advisory team.
Local F&B dining concepts group with two outlets generating $850k turnover per annum.
Set up full financial close process and implementing operational controls within each outlet.
Conducted financial planning and analysis of monthly management accounts for variance analysis and commentary amongst key team members.
Ensured proper vendor invoice processing and payment are prompt and concise.
Negotiated favourable commercial terms with key vendors and conducted quarterly price review.
Prepared timely reconciliations of accounts and resolving anomalies.
Reviewed and approved capital expenditure requirements and its associated depreciation policy.
Handled HR matters including employment contracts, reimbursement claims, disciplinary issues, disputes and salary matters.
Developed new product lines, costings, volume assumptions, marketing strategy and promotional activity.
Handled all aspects of sale of business unit, from sourcing of potential leads, to providing investment deck to buyers, negotiating deal terms, and completing deal transaction.
Big 4 accountancy firm, offering assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services.
Managed day to day audit engagements such as liaising with audit client, requesting and verifying documents, attending to audit review points and other audit procedures.
Identified and tested key controls of audit clients and high risk areas.
Review and mapping of business processes and identifying areas for improvements.
Notable audit clients serviced include American President Lines (APL, part of NOL Group), Eu Yan Sang International, Asia Pacific Breweries Limited, Samsung C&T Corporation, ADM Cocoa.
Undertook a team-leading overseas assignment during APL engagement tasked by the Senior Manager.
Currently pursuing CFA Level 1 (Dec 2017), targeted level 3 completion in end 2018.
Excellent interpersonal skills across junior and senior levels.
Strong team player and experience in team-leading position.
Strong work ethics, detail orientation and a passion for excellence.
Ability to analyse situations quickly and make tough decisions.
Very efficient in workflow and always seeking improvements in processes.
Karen Pink (karen@2thepoint.com.sg), HR Director (Unity Group).Proactive, results-oriented, and strong analytical thinking professional possessing strong entrepreneurial spirit. Proven track-record of initiating and delivering successful, innovative solutions to improve business process workflows. A top performer in the team who is client-focus and results-driven. Strong passion in delivering client’s solutions and managing client’s relationship.
Supports the Sales and Trading desks in Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and India. Core duties include Front Office trade capture and trade lifecycle management, execution of trade date controls and query resolution across futures synthetics products and listed derivatives.
Spearheaded the strategic planning and execution of Goldman Sachs Asia Futures entity migration project as part of Goldman Sachs Legal Entity Structure and Strategy framework with predicted savings of billions of dollars for the firm. Collaborated with global business managers in ramping up the project and developing plans to address risks, contingency planning and execution plans. Involved in initial step analysis, development of project plan from operations perspective, writing of test script and user acceptance testing. Close collaboration with multiple stakeholders from the technology, middle office, finance, legal, compliance and controls teams.
Identified areas of opportunities for process improvement in daily functions and created multiple macros which save the team 20 minutes of manual work daily and up to 2 hours of manual process during month end roll.
Drove the pre- and post-processing of the biggest corporate action involving Cheung Kong Holdings and Hutchinson Limited under the Hong Kong Equity Options Exchange. Conducted analysis on the potential risks and financial impact on the movement of trades for clients and processing of the corporate action on the ex-dividend date. Close collaboration with technology, controls, regulatory and product data quality teams to ensure a smooth processing on ex-dividend date of the event.
Conducted detailed analysis of work drivers within the team and proposed organizational team structure changes within the team. Successfully implemented cross-functional training programme for the team which leads to higher process efficiency, better cross-team knowledge and coverage as well as workload balancing for the team.
Fast learner who could fully support the team within 4 weeks of joining the team in the daily front-to-end trade processing including trade matching, reconciliation, and various event management.
Proficiency in English and Chinese (Mandarin) (Spoken and written).Earned revenue of US$5 million for Evalueserve while working with the sell-side Equity Research team of Morgan Stanley on company and industry specific analysis.
Covered large-cap companies having market capitalization of more than US$1.5 billion while tracking different sectors.
- Retail, Telecom, Real Estate Development, Aviation and Auto.
Assisted in handling client requests, which generated high revenues for Morgan Stanley.
Worked on financial modeling and various relative valuations techniques and other multiples. Prepared earnings note, sector and thematic reports, and assisted clients to generate industry and stock specific insights and carried.
out comparative analysis of sectors through various metrics. Earned appreciation for the work performed.
Collected financial data by using research tools and databases like Reuters, Bloomberg, etc. and was involved in search and aggregation of daily news pertaining to companies under coverage. Streamlined many procedures for.
collection and update of data. • Prepared marketing presentations from time to time to help analyst get more business.
Uninet Strategic Management Limited  , India  Dec 2014–Jul 2015.
High-booked return of more than US$50,000 from first time investments done on the basis of equity research of Indian mid-cap companies through analysis of financial statements, industry trends and future prospects.
Consistently encouraged and held fortnightly information sharing sessions on investments. • Designed and maintained an MIS for investment transactions.
Analysis of transactions with an approach to unearth fake customer accounts, money laundering, other suspicious transactions and practices, and ensured compliance to regulatory requirements. Highlighted very critical observations w.r.t. AML/Regulatory deviations to management, safeguarding the bank from financial and.
reputational risks and earned appreciation from First Tier Audit Committee Meeting:.
Detected forgery by 5 branch employees of transactions worth US$9 million and curtailed their actions.
Reported mal practices for catering to unreasonable demands of elite customers with a relationship value of US$6 million. Generated revised manual to explicitly mention ways to meet demands of these customers. - Identified discrepancies in state level taxation policies. Devised and implemented new policies.
Basis performance, post completion of first year, additional responsibility was assigned to lead own audit assignments as well as independently review audit assignments of other teams. Mentored and supervised 10 colleagues. Also, approval was given to conduct discussions with Senior Management as an Audit lead, making.
me the youngest to get such an opportunity and responsibility.
Created process, risk, and control inputs for Thomson Reuter’s Accelus audit software which was successfully  launched at an all India level. • Conducted group discussions and interviews during the hiring process, and was part of the disciplinary committee.
• Earned revenue of US$ 40,000 from conducting concurrent and statutory audit assignments, and filing income tax.
returns of clients. Responsible for finalizing financial accounts of clients, individuals & corporate.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   Professional Qualifications/ Projects –.
Participant, Ben Graham Stock Picking Competition, Ivey Business School                      2017 Co-Chair, Banking & Finance Club, Nanyang Business School                2016-17.
Nanyang Women in Business Scholarship, Nanyang Business School  2016.
Considered amongst the best performing employees in Internal Audit Department, Kotak  2012-2014.
Blue Blazer Holder and Five -year Consecutive Scholar, Delhi Public School, R.K. Puram, India 2002-2007  Interests –.
Travelling, watching cinema, organising cultural events, tracking Indian stock market, community involvement through pro-bono services for different NGOs in India – volunteer in Adhiyagya and sponsor in Children International Org.
The field of investment research and management is what drives Shipra in life. She has consistently demonstrated a strong zeal to work in the field of finding the best investment opportunities and seeks to leverage her experiences in an investment research/management role.
She is an experienced finance professional and qualified Chartered Accountant from India with 7+ years of working.
knowledge in the fields of Equity Research, Bank Audits, preparation of accounting statements and Indian taxation. She has extensive exposure in the analysis of financial and nonfinancial data. Due to her superior performance, Shipra was assigned the task of team management.
International Organisation catering to children empowerment.
Nanyang Technological University Nanyang Business School, Singapore.Mobile: +65-9109-5850                           Email: frans.y.winarto@gmail.com.
5 years of experience in Corporate Finance M&A Advisory across Southeast Asia, successfully completed one sell-side and one buy-side M&A deal over the past 2.5 years in Deloitte.
Excellent financial modelling skills, ranked 55th in Modeloff 2016 and top 100 in Modeloff 2014 (World financial modeling competition).
Received top-tier grading in the latest annual performance review in Deloitte.
Deloitte & Touché Corporate Finance – In Singapore covering Southeast Asia.
Lead buy-side and LBO advisory on the acquisition of McDonald’s franchise in Singapore and Malaysia, deal size c.US$400m – raised c.US$300m of acquisition financing (Completed) o Created LBO financial model for the acquisition financing o Conducted valuation analysis using DCF analysis.
Worked with CFOs to develop 100-days cash projections and working capital analysis for the purpose of working capital financing.
Collaborated with legal counsels, tax team, and banks to identify optimal transaction and funding structure.
Collaborated with Deloitte transaction services team for due diligence o Assisted in negotiations, support legal counsels in the preparation of acquisition and loan documentation.
Key person-in-charge for the coordination of the closing process (including postclosing adjustments), developed the funds flow statement.
Lead sell-side advisory for the sale of LHI Technology, a medical-cable & interconnects developer and manufacturer for c.US$200m (Completed) o A cross border sell-side advisory project for 3i Group, a UK based private equity, on the divestment of its Singapore based subsidiary with assets in China and bidders from companies in USA and Europe.
Main responsibilities include: preparation of information memorandum, financial model, and management presentation; review of term sheets; virtual data room and Q&A management; as well as support in SPA negotiation and transaction closing.
Sell-side advisory for a health insurer and administrator with presence in Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, and Vietnam (Ongoing – Preparation Stage) o Leading the project execution team.
Collaborated with Deloitte actuarial consulting for business plan review  o Main responsibilities include: development of information memorandum, detailed review of the business, and review of LOI.
Sell-side advisory for a Sri Lanka based IT services company (Ongoing – Marketing Stage).
Worked with the Board to challenge the business plan and enhanced the 5-years financial projections.
Main responsibilities include: development of information memorandum, teaser, data room setup, valuation exercise, transaction structuring, and potential buyer screening.
Sell-side advisory on a bilateral sale process of a listed Indonesian based chemical manufacturing company to a major Japanese conglomerate, deal size c.US$300m (Aborted pre-binding offer).
Main responsibilities include: preparation of pitching material; discounted cash flow valuation for pricing guidance; preparation of financial model and management presentation; virtual data room management.
HELIOS CAPITAL (In affiliation with BDO International) – Jakarta, Indonesia.
Role as Junior Associate to Senior Associate, November 2011 to January 2014.
Project execution including fund raising, valuation exercise, due diligence field work, preparation of deliverables and presentation to senior management, supporting parties, and regulatory agencies.
Origination support including preparation of pitching materials and transaction assessment.
Training junior associates on accounting and finance fundamentals and application.
Undisclosed Hotel Chain & Diversified Property Co. (US$ 50m Equity Fund Raise).
Undisclosed Listed Palm Oil and Rubber Plantation Co. (US$ 75m LBO Advisory).
PT Marga Sarana Jabar, Bogor Outer Ring Road (Toll Road – Financial Due Diligence).
PT Sampoerna Telekomunikasi Indonesia (Telco Tower – Debt Capacity Analysis).
PT Semen Indonesia Tbk. (Cement – Project Finance Advisory).
Other Proficiencies : Bloomberg, S&P CapitalIQ, Thomson One, Mergermarket, Intralinks, Merrill, Ansarada, Speeda.Email：aaronjicareer@outlook.com   Contact：+86 18018669851.
Recommended Sungrow power supply(300274 CH) in Apr 2015, share price up 40% in 2 months.
Recommended Tianneng power(819 HK) in July 2015, share price up 100% in 6 months.
Equity research on China Internet and A-share software sector.
East Capital is an award-winning specialist in emerging markets with c.$5Bn AUM.
A-share generalist with focus on China utilities/industrials/consumer sectors.
Equity research on China power equipment and machinery sector.
Recommended NARI Tech(600406 CH) in Nov 2013, share price up 80% in 4 months.
Recommended Goodbaby (1086 HK) in Jun 2013, share price up 30% in 5 months.TIH INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (SINGAPORE) — AUG'16 TO PRESENT INVESTMENT ANALYST.
TIH is a close-end private equity fund listed on the Singapore Exchange. Through its strategic partner and parent hedge fund, Argyle Street Management Limited (ASM), TIH has been investing alongside ASM in various special situation deals across Asia. TIH and ASM manage assets in excess of US$1.1 billion.
Led a funded US$20 million vanilla loan to an Indonesian conglomerate that successfully closed within a 1-week execution time; participated in negotiation of terms, prepared investment proposal and extensively reviewed legal documentation process.
Co-led a funded US$30 million structured loan to an Indonesian conglomerate facing a short-term liquidity squeeze; prepared investment proposal, modelled investment returns under various scenarios and extensively reviewed legal documentation process.
Led research and analysis of a publicly traded bond that resulted in a significant position within a co-managed fund.
Led research and analysis of a closed end listed fund, which successfully resulted in an activist-style investment generating approximately 20% absolute return with a 3-month holding period.
Authored investment memo and conducted due diligence on a fintech startup based in Thailand- this was a seed financing round funded and led by a new venture capital fund co-managed by TIH.
Streamlined a back office process saving 200 man-hours per year.
PROVIDENT CAPITAL PARTNERS (SINGAPORE & JAKARTA, INDONESIA) — JAN’13 TO AUG'16 ANALYST.
Provident is an investment management company with various business interests in Southeast Asia. As Analyst, I have been involved in various aspects of sourcing, structuring, financing, optimising and monitoring of investments. The firm’s culture is highly entrepreneurial and it has strong networks, particularly in Indonesia.
Performed first cut analysis, often with financial modelling, to deliver succinct investment memos for a range of businesses across industries that the group is invested in: Telecommunications Infrastructure, Technology, Metals & Mining, Unconventional Oil & Gas, Biomass Trading.
Co-led the restructuring of a high-growth startup with operations in Malaysia and Indonesia (deploying digital advertising technologies) so as to facilitate infusion of substantial new money from a group of international investors.
Created an inventory management model linked to a detailed cashflow model for Provident’s biomass business encapsulating sales forecast, inventory flows and cash movements. Models have enabled upper management to better allocate sales and efficiently manage working capital.
Modelled the valuation of an unconventional oil & gas company focusing on production in the Eagle Ford shale basin (USA) with a senior O&G specialist; determined a typical well’s best fit type curve by comparing management’s estimates and the Arps decline formula while performing various sensitivity analysis on the model.
Modelled mezzanine financing return and feasibility of a high grade Indonesian copper project listed on the ASX; model’s cash waterfall mechanisms enabled discovery of the project’s range of tolerable payment-in-kind (PIK) interest and cash interest margin while identifying cash sweep amounts and repayment horizon.
Modelled the valuation of a potential MVNA (Mobile Virtual Network Aggregator) business aiming to expand its operations to South East Asia under a JV structure; actively engaged the parent company’s C-level executives for model’s inputs and business plan development.
Conducted extensive primary and secondary research on the mobile payment landscape in China and Indonesia and advised the firm’s principals on possible strategic directions in an acquired company.
Worked closely with management, global investment banks and lawyers for two bond issuances that achieved some of the highest subscribers’ interest for an Indonesian corporate, PT Tower Bersama Infrastructure Tbk (TBIG):.
TBIG’s inaugural bond in 2013: US$300 million 4.625% 144A/ RegS 5-year paper issued at par.
TBIG’s second bond in 2015: US$350 million 5.250% RegS 7-year paper issued at par.
Part of TBIG’s working team that executed a complete re-financing of its debt programme with a new set of Facility Agreements amounting to US$1.3 billion, involving more than 12 syndication banks and hedge counter-parties.
TBIG is a public company with a market capitalisation of approximately US$2.0 billion.
Analysed a corporate investee’s FX and interest rate hedging strategy- recommended a portfolio approach involving swaps and various option structures to meet hedging policy objectives while achieving internal target costs.
Monitored and priced different hedging instruments worth more than US$1 billion in notional value that had resulted in more competitive bids, saving the company’s corporate treasury millions of dollars.
APPIC TECHNOLOGIES (SINGAPORE) - MAY’12 TO NOV’14 CO-FOUNDER.
Appic is the pioneer of Singapore’s 1st wireless queue management system for restaurants: ™. Ticktok is an invaluable operational tool for restaurants in managing large crowds effectively without compromising service quality. The Service expects to sit more than 1.5 million diners in Singapore by the end of 2015 and has recently expanded to.
Spearheaded business development team to achieve all KPIs for full vesting of Spring Singapore’s funding tranches by acquiring close to 50 F&B merchant partnerships in 2012.
Pitched Ticktok to numerous venture capital funds and strategic investors that led to the advanced drafting of a Series A subscription agreement.
Ticktok was acquired by The Chope Group in late Nov’14 for an undisclosed seven figure consideration.
Deeply involved in various aspects of the exit process including negotiation, valuation, accounting, legal etc.
SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY (SINGAPORE) - 2008 TO 2012.
Double Bachelor degrees in Accountancy and Business Management (Major: Finance).
Awarded Lee Kong Chian Scholarship: SMU’s flagship full undergraduate merit-based scholarship.
Microsoft Office Suite, Bloomberg Professional Service, Python.
Professional working proficiency in Mandarin (Beijing Hanban Business Mandarin Advanced Accreditation, 2014).1815 JFK Boulevard, #1605 Philadelphia, PA 19103 alex.tangcohen@gmail.com.
Returning Singaporean seeking investment banking/investment/private equity roles in Singapore.
THE WHARTON SCHOOL, University of Pennsylvania Philadelphia, PA.
B.S in Economics, concentration in Finance (Summa cum laude, GPA: 3.98/4.0)  May 2014.
Awards: Joseph Wharton Scholar, Dean’s List (all semesters).
Investment Banking Analyst, Leveraged Finance Division  May 2014 to present.
Focus: Consumer, retail, industrials, buyouts, fund-of-fund placements.
Constructed debt pricing models, performed debt profile analyses, calculated indicative bond pricing to consumer/retail/industrial companies.
Analyzed and evaluated investments, performed due diligence, created valuation models and negotiated institutional commitments for a range of private equity sponsors and corporate portfolios.
Built leveraged buyout (LBO) models of various targets, evaluated implications of M&A structures and impacts of exit strategies.
Developed detailed industry research, competitive analyses and pro-forma financial assumptions.
Prepared fairness opinion valuation, formulated buy-in structure alternatives, and facilitated due diligence process.
Summer Analyst, Investment Banking, Leveraged Finance Division  Summer 2013.
Developed LBO models, returns analyses and performed due diligence to evaluate investments in a $1 billion telecommunication company.
Evaluated strategic alternatives using financial models for a $350 million equity refinancing deal for a $3 billion OEM automotive supplier.
Assisted the management team of four portfolio Internet companies on business strategy, operating costs, marketing techniques and resource management.
Summer Analyst, Investment Banking, Leveraged Finance Division  Summer 2012.
Performed due diligence and analysed clients’ strategic alternatives, including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, public offerings, private placements, fairness opinions, and joint venture opportunities.
Developed valuation models including leveraged acquisition; recapitalisation; pro forma merger; discounted cash flow; comparable trading and transaction analyses.
Wrote marketing memoranda for divestitures and participated in drafting purchase, sale, and public offering documents.
 First runners-up:  Developed the business plan and operational model, conducted market analyses, evaluated and proposed investment transactions for simulated $5 billion industrial manufacturer.
Analysed market trends of international fund flows and debt issuance using statistical models and regressions in STATA.
Performed impact assessment data of microfinance programs in African Continent.
Language Skills:  Business level: Chinese, Cantonese, German.  Advanced: Spanish.Industry and company research geographic focus on China and South Africa.
Generalist with sector specialization in Metals & Mining, Renewable Energy and Technology.
Company visit, due diligence, financial modelling and in-house database maintenance.
In-house investment report and recommendation to investment committee   Presentation to prospective project investment partners.
Maxdo Group is a private company investing in the PRC and overseas.
Asian equity market (Asia ex-Japan with focus on Greater China market).
Generalist with sector specialization in Consumer, TMT, Commodities.
Company and industry research; detailed and comprehensive financial model; company visit and meeting with management.
Amiral Gestion is an asset management company founded in 2003 with over €1 billion under management, invested in equities in Europe and globally. The investment team consists of 7 fund managers and 3 analysts.
The investment objective is to identify undervalued companies to achieve long term superior performance. The performance of flagship fund Sextant PEA is 725% since inception.
Successful recommendations with holding period return up to 50% or above:.
2000 – 2004  Shanghai International Studies University (SISU)           Shanghai, China.Mobile: (86)185-2150-6020      E-mail: yerongwaiting@163.com         Gender: Female        Year of Birth: 1986.
Nearly six-year experience in investment; over four-year in equity research area, both sell-side and buy-side.
Charted Financial Analyst (CFA) level III candidate; Mainland SFC license.
Frequent user of Bloomberg, CEIC, Wind, and Capital IQ. Proficient at Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Covering ~30 HK/US listed Chinese stocks in internet and consumer sectors. Successfully recommended Netease (NTES US), Li Ning (2331 HK) and Weibo (WB US), etc.
Performing proprietary research and channel checks to portfolio names, keeping timely fundamentals tracking for closely watched companies.
Building and maintaining financial valuation models and industry database.
Establishing good relationships with industry experts , company managements and sell-side analysts.
Cachet Hotel Group, Associate Director of Finance and Investment                                                            4/2014 – 8/2015   Built financial models and doing valuations for corporate development pipeline projects.
Conducted research and performing financial analysis for hospitality and real estate investment projects, including NPV and IRR analysis.
Prepared PPT presentations for hotel owners and board meetings.
Evalueserve Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd    Senior Investment Analyst                   02/2011 – 4/2014.
China Property, Gaming and Lodging, Awarded for excellent performance in 2012-2013.
Team member of Equity Research Teams from two US based top investment banks. Main responsibilities include:.
Built and maintained financial models, familiar with SOTP, DCF, EV/EBITDA, PE and PB valuation.
Supported analysts with reports writing, including initiation, weekly, results notes and regular products.
Maintained industry database and tracked market movement on a regular basis.
Built a close network with covered companies’ IRs and management.
Bachelor of Economics   First Prize Scholarship    GPA 88.7/100.Fluent in written and spoken English and Chinese (native in both Cantonese and Mandarin).
Enjoy a variety of sports: jogging, hiking, skiing, badminton and football.
Managed the capital raising process for various investment vehicles within the group by producing capital raising pitch books, underwriting of fund returns and producing waterfall models.
Assessed investment opportunities, portfolio suitability and underwrite reasonableness.
Led the deal execution team for a successful acquisition of a Tokyo asset for PBSA redevelopment.
Responsible for the coordination of capital flow as well as establishment of fund/ investment holding structure in support of the group objectives.
Evaluated real estate investment opportunities and drafted investment committee memoranda by performing financial modeling, underwriting and valuation for internal review.
Participated in acquisitions and dispositions of assets (totaling US$600m) located in China, Japan and Australia that spans across multiple property types in office, retail and hotel.
Generated key fund performance indicators, sensitivities and analytics by running and maintaining fund models for investor reporting purposes.
Actively managed assets by developing property strategic plans, monitored operational and financial performance, performed re-forecasting of underwrite, hold-sell analyses, property valuation and other financial analyses to ensure the achievement of expected returns.
Responsible for investor relations activities such as investor reporting and communications.
Drafted investment committee memoranda by performing industry research, peer group comparison and company analyses for deal screening and execution purposes.
Participated in the acquisition of a Greater China entertainment company and was involved in the due diligence process prior to and subsequent to the acquisition.
-  Analyzed distressed companies in Asia; conducting industry research, projecting cash flow on a project level and generating comparable company multiples.
Assessed business process for a range of sectors covering, financial services, consumer & industrial products, telecommunications, energy and transportation.
Prepared internal control recommendation reports by identifying and analyzing key business risks and deficiencies of public & private companies for process improvement.
Master of Science degree in Quantitative Finance; Graduated with Pass with Merit.
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science; Cumulative GPA 3.1/4.0.
Grader and Tutor for CSCI course for Fall Semester 2001 and Spring Semester 2002.
-  Studied CSCI at Harvey-Mudd College before transferring to USC; Cumulative GPA 3.3/4.0 -  Dean’s Honor List for Fall Semester 1998.Masters in Finance, a post-experience/MBA level degree   Aug 2015-Dec 2016.
Awarded Masters in Finance Merit Scholarship (awarded to top 5% of total intakes).
Co-Chair of 2016 LBS Asset Management Conference and active member of PE/VC Club.
Courses: Strategies in changing China; Corporate turnaround; Entrepreneurial finance.
Second-class Honours, upper division (2:1); Dean’s Honour’s List.
Awarded scholarships for exchange study in University of British Columbia, GPA: 3.83/4.
Industry analysis: contributed to China hospital markets research project; completed sections on hospital reform policies and variation on local practice by desktop research and interviewing equity analysts; reviewed M&A deals in hospital sectors in China in 2016 with a special focus on USD fund’s investments and valuation.
Deal screening: screened 10+ potential targets; performed financial analysis, peer analysis, business review, valuation benchmarking and financial modeling to support investment proposals.
Interned with HOLT, a proprietary stock valuation and screening platform covering 20,000+ stocks globally.
Top-down research on China A-share market: studied HOLT data of 1,100+ A-share stocks and assessed the market’s aggregate operational quality, valuation and momentum; Presented the study to.
30+ audiences, including sales, traders, analysts and senior management.
Consumer sectors research: applied HOLT valuation framework based on Cash Flow Return on Investment (CFROI) to analyze companies in consumer sectors in response to clients’ request; focused on both long/short idea generations.
Relationship Manager, Corporate Banking  Oct 2013-Jul 2015.
Credit origination: built financial models, forecast cash flow and performed comprehensive analysis to assess deal risks and rewards; developed and presented credit proposals to Credit Committee; originated eight new credit proposals in a year with average size of $100M with 100% approval rate  Deal Experience:.
co-arranged $100M in a club deal to assist a PE fund’s acquisition of a distressed property in Beijing; worked closely with PE fund to understand the turnaround strategy and execution capability.
engaged in cross-border deals, including a bridging financing of $100M for a power plant in Indonesia and a construction loan of $80M for China Vanke's first project in New York.
Portfolio management: managed loan portfolios of 20 large Chinese corporations; formulated account strategies, performed regular credit reviews and met managements to understand business updates.
Process improvement: led a cross-functional team of five to streamline credit origination system by adopting best practice from other branches, resulting in 30% improvement in work efficiency.
Project management: managed a team of three on six audit engagements in a year; responsible for audit scope planning, time cost budgeting, team member coaching and client relationship building.
Real Estate focus: audit clients includes property developers, property investment companies and real estate PE funds in China, covering property types of residential, malls, office buildings and hotels.
Financial analysis: analyzed company financial information, assessed valuation by liaising with property appraisers, conducted due diligence and reported audit findings to senior management.
Pre-IPO audit exposure: performed system audit a Chinese clean energy company listed in HK to ensure effective controls in place; visited a hydropower station on site and understood the production process.
Passed all three level exams of CFA program; Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants; passed all subjects of PRC CPA program.
Co-Founder of the Students In Free Enterprise (SIFE) HKU Chapter. SIFE is an international student organization mobilizing university students to make a social impact.Major Courses: Investment, Derivatives and Risk Management, Corporate Finance, Financial Statement Analysis,.
Capital University of Economics and Business                                              Beijing, China Bachelor of Science in Finance                                                        Sep 2008 - Jun 2012 •  GPA: 3.64 / 4.30               •  Honors: RenMin Scholarship, 7 times (Top 10%).
Major Courses: Investment Banking, Securities Investment Fund, Financial Model Design, Accounting, Economic Law.
Grade: A                     •  Major Courses: Financial Analysis, Marketing Management, Writing.
Follow 178 stocks in Computer industry; focus on firms and industry news and hot topics, including Consumer Finance, AI and Internet+. Collect and analyze industry and firms’ information; get financial data by Wind and Bloomberg).
Update data, draw charts for weekly journal; meeting records; financial statement analysis and financial modeling.
Assist analyst write 2 firm reports (300078.SZ & 300609.SZ); 2 industry reports (RFID and Consumer Finance);  M&A research reports (002668.SZ, 300061SZ, 002537SZ, 600093SH).
Part-time Assistant, Financial Services Department                                       Sep 2016 - Nov 2016.
Provided strategy service for Shanxi Securities: assisted in desk research and commercial due diligence (CDD); designed models to optimize department functions; tested feasibility and measurability; report writing and presentation to manager and clients.
Participated in department establishment case in a top security firm: information research, data analysis and warm/cold.
call interview to analyze operation of Internet Finance Department; assisted in organization structure modeling.
Clients Manager, Individual Financial Department                                       Sep 2012 - Jun 2016.
Research on fund, foreign currencies and gold; member of the Investment Workshop with personal responsibility for product analysis; preparation of monthly marketing report.
Learned quickly about bonds and new products; trained on-sale products, risks and processes for a group of 9 people.
Financial Advisory for retailing customers. Developed relationships with affluent and high-net-worth individuals; advising in their portfolio strategy and liquidity management. Traded 3 million funds, 5 million self products and 0.5 million insurance.
Analyzed 2016 annual report; Valuation; Competitor Analysis; Industry Analysis; Writing analysis report and presentation.
Organized the first Financial Professional Competence Contest (Held consecutively for 7 years), invited outstanding bank staff as mentors. More than 200 students attended.
Organized the Books Market, about 1,000 books were traded throughout the university and 300 books were donated to.
Technical skills: Wind, Bloomberg, FactSet, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint).
Certification: Accounting Qualification, Security Qualification, Fund Qualification, CFA and CPA candidate.
Interests: Aerial Yoga, Hot Yoga, Diving at 13 islands of 5 countries.I am a highly educated young professional well known for my determination, perseverance and reliability. Project management, organisation and team coordination have been key in executing the deals and projects I run. My exceptionally strong technical skills and excellent soft skills have made me stand out professionally. As someone who is trilingual and has lived in five different locations I embrace cultural differences and believe in the power of teamwork. I am seeking a new challenge where I can utilise my financial expertise and business judgment and push myself to new boundaries.
Acquisition of BOS International portfolio of corporate loans.
Corporate Valuation and Financial Modelling Certificate (Wall Street Prep).
University of New South Wales, Sydney, Australia Master of Business Law (MBL).
University of Sydney, Sydney, Australia Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com).
Investment Banking – Multi Industries    Deals and projects:.
Advised federal government minority acquisition of an ASX 200 company o  Sale of two mine assets of an ASX 200 mining company.
Issuance of a $1.3bn Term Loan B to Aristocrat for the acquisition of VGT.
Defence mandates of an ASX 200 mining company and an ASX 200 testing, inspection and certification provider.
Sale of Premion to KKR controlled Genesis Care  o  Sale of Gloria Jean’s to Global Yellow Pages  o  Sale of ACTTAB to Tabcorp.
Sale of WiseTech Global subsidiary eHealthWise to SMS Pty Ltd.
Transaction option paper for the termination of a media industry joint venture o  Pricing paper for a privately owned real estate services provider o  Independent Expert Reports for RHG Limited on its two acquisition proposals from RHG and Pepper Australia, as well as for Greencap Limited on its acquisition proposal from Wesfarmers Industrial and Safety Pty Ltd.
   Project management, deal planning, and team coordination.
Implementation of integration initiatives for Merrill Lynch’s three Australian offices   Management of dataroom and Q&A processes.
Member of the Culture and Charity Committees (Merrill Lynch).
Financial modelling including DCF, LBO, comparables, operating and merger models.
Compilation of board presentations, quarterly valuation updates and fundraising documents.
Preparation of IMs, teasers, pitches, takeover response manuals and industry analysis.
Identification and analysis of potential buyers and competitors.
Compilation of Private Equity, Media and Consumer Handbooks to map out industry players.
Presentation of strategies to deal with potential legislative reforms of Australia’s fractured media market.
   Tri-lingual in French, English and Polish; proficient in Spanish; beginner in Chinese.
   Early completion of studies at the leading high school in France due to academic ‘’’’’’’’’’’’ ‘’’’’.
I am a passionate and accomplished photographer as a competition winner, with a website ‘’   that showcases this pursuit.
Pianist who has previously performed in the UK, Sydney, Paris and Canada.
As a National Manager of the Oaktree Foundation demonstrating strength of character and.
‘’’  resilience was integral to the encouragement and motivation of our volunteers.
As a scout team leader, I was responsible for the instruction and safe keeping of girls of many different ages.
Played basketball in the first division of the in the inter-university competition with The University of Sydney.
As the basketball team captain, I led our team to win 5 years in a row in France’s division 3 league, and subsequently qualified for Division 2.Double Degree in Bachelor of Business Management (Finance) and Bachelor of Soc. Sci (Psychology).
Cumulative GPA                   : 3.83/4.00 – Summa Cum Laude (With Highest Distinction).
Honours & Awards               : Lee Kong Chian Scholars Programme, AY 2009-2013.
: CFA SMU-University Investment Research Challenge, Champion-2011.
Equity Research Associate, ASEAN Consumer, Morgan Stanley.
Analysed 15 consumer companies across various sub-sectors (FMCG, Retail, F&B, Hospitality, Food processing) and countries (Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines). Key companies include CPALL, Thai Beverage, Unilever Indonesia, Matahari Department Stores, Indofood CBP, and URC.
Actively engaged with clients on our key calls and assisted them with queries.
Conducted on the ground research for our ASEAN e-commerce report, delving into an under researched area. This culminated in a counter-consensus UW call on Matahari Department Store (LPPF), which underperformed the index by 25% in the next three months.
Performed an in-depth cross ASEAN analysis on FMCG growth and penetration by category.
Performed a stock pitch for an Indonesian industrial player listed on IDX.
Analysed the industry attractiveness for toll road operators across ASEAN.
Developed databases for retail malls and the e-commerce industry in China.
Prepared a pitch book for the strategic stake sale of a Thai conglomerate listed on SET.
Assisted in developing a pitch book for the asset sale of an Indonesian company.
Conducted takeover premia analysis for privatization of SGX-listed companies.
Equity Analyst, SMU-Student Managed Investment Fund (SMU-SMIF), Energy & Materials Sector.
Performed fundamental analysis and financial modelling on SMRT Corp. Ltd.
Researched on the global rare earth industry and delivered a primer for the fund.
Monitored market developments and provided timely updates through morning notes.
Councillor, Victoria Junior College (VJC) Civics Tutorial Council.
Headed the planning committee for the anniversary celebration of the student lounge.
Refurbished the student lounge and organised school events to foster greater student cohesion.
Organizer, Charity Events - Busk In The Sun & Rock on, Myanmar.
Organised two public fundraisers for Cyclone Nargis victims, which raised S$32,000 and heightened national awareness in a team of six.
Invited to my alma mater to conduct sharing sessions and guide junior cohorts in their efforts.
Work-related: Proficient in Euromonitor, Bloomberg, Thomson One. Passed CFA Level 1.
Language  : Proficient in written and spoken English, Mandarin, German (Basic).DaVita is a fortune 200 company engaged in the ownership and operation of hospitals, clinics, and dialysis centers.
Working on regional acquisitions and operational partnerships with hospitals and clinics. Involved in all aspects of            transactions including negotiations, modeling, due diligence, investment memo preparation, and presentations.
̶ Worked with legal advisers to develop a feasible transaction structure, given high industry regulation.
̶ Collaborated with operations team to pre-empt and mitigate patient leakage risk, which was key to obtaining.
investment committee comfort and approval for transaction.
̶ Worked with multiple seller group stakeholders to achieve a mutually acceptable purchase price and earn out.
̶ Worked  with operations team to obtain comfort on clinic expansion plans (crucial to transaction economics).
Development of operational partnership with China-based hospitals (3 separate projects).
̶ Working on partnership structure, covering division of operational responsibilities and economic sharing.
Singapore | Mar 2014 – Mar 2015 | Left after divestment of fund’s sister company following oil price fall      Concord Energy is a private equity group focused on investments across retail, midstream, and downstream O&G.
Involved across all aspects of transactions. Selected transaction experience:.
US$120m stake acquisition of a petrol station chain with integrated distribution facilities.
̶ Worked with various internal and external parties to obtain comfort around investment thesis, assisted in.
negotiation of trading rights to secure incremental margins for Concord Energy’s oil trading businesses.
US$280m refinancing of a Fujairah-based oil storage facility.
Singapore | Sep 2012 - Mar 2014 | Left to pursue investment role at Concord Energy     Focused on leveraged finance and project finance transactions in the oil & gas sector.
Involved across all aspects of transactions. Selected transaction experience:.
$75m acquisition financing for a 45% stake acquisition in a Singapore-based fuel oil storage terminal    ̶ Independently evaluated borrower’s acquisition valuation and quality of underlying business.
̶ Developed solutions to obtain comfort on transaction despite low security and minority shareholder status of.
$750m financing for the acquisition, conversion, and operation of a floating production, storage and offloading.
̶ Evaluated project under the contractual framework with oil field owners and operators.
Singapore | Feb 2011 - Nov 2011 | Left following region-wide redundancy.
Selected transactions: Sale of a Singapore-based diversified services company.
Rothschild, M&A Contract Analyst – Malaysia (Jan 2012 - July 2012).
Titan Capital Asia, Investment Intern – Singapore (Sep 2010 – Jan 2011).
Impact Investment Exchange, Summer Intern – Singapore (May 2010 - Sep 2010) Accenture, Management Consulting Intern – Malaysia (May 2009 - Jun 2009) HSBC, Risk and Corporate Advisory Intern – Malaysia (Jun 2007 - Aug 2007).
EDUCATION   Nanyang Technological University, B. Eng. (Mechanical Engineering) Singapore (Jul 2006 - May 2010).
Academic Excellence Award ‘06 (top 5% of cohort), Indeco Sports Scholarship Award.
Engineering GPA: 3.84/5.00, Finance GPA: 4.75/5.00 (Accounting, Finance, Economics, Management).
Other academic results: A levels – 3A’s, 1B; O levels – 12 A’s  Languages: English, Mandarin, and Malay.33 Leonie Hill Road, #14-07, Singapore 239197  +65 9823-9304  allenwhliu@gmail.com.
Research Analyst, US$100 mn Long/Short Equity Fund                                Jul 2015 –.
Part of a two-person fund that invests in Asia Pacific equities using fundamental analysis, with a focus on Consumer,  Present Energy and Telecom sectors, as well as other sectors when investment opportunities arise.
Create and maintain detailed financial models, which incorporate key driver assumptions, DCF and multiple-based valuation methods to estimate target prices.
Provide recommendations to Portfolio Manager with a thorough process of idea initiation, investment framework development and financial data analysis.
Involved regularly in other aspects of the investment process, such as creating quantitative tools to generate new investment ideas and to manage risks, monitoring news flow and technical indicators.
Host corporate management meetings to keep abreast of latest industry trends and attend industry conferences to source new ideas.
Investment Research Associate, Equity Investment Group, Singapore                                Mar 2014 –.
Worked directly with research analysts to create proprietary investment analysis; efforts include building and  Jun 2015 maintaining financial models for Energy and Consumer companies in Asia Pacific, gathering and analyzing industry data to form differentiated views on firms.
Built NPV models for each of the region’s LNG projects and create scenario analyses under different assumptions.
Provided performance attribution and risk analysis on an ongoing basis to help Portfolio Management team understand performance drivers and identify unintended risks.
Took initiative to research and analyze smaller, unassigned companies to hone valuation skills and assess the strengths and weaknesses of different business models.
Quantitative Research Associate, Quantitative Solutions Group, Boston, USA                              Oct 2011 –.
Worked closely with fundamental analysts and portfolio managers in Asia to produce quantitative research for idea  Feb 2014 generation, portfolio construction and risk management.
Involved actively in risk review of over 10 international portfolios, helping portfolio managers identify areas of concern in portfolio characteristics, positioning, factor exposures, capacity and liquidity risks.
Conducted preliminary research on quantitative factors, ensuring data integrity, planning model implementation and analyzing back-test results.
Built and maintained valuation tables and portfolio reports, migrating manual processes to largely automated formats.
Quantitative Resource Specialist, Mutual Fund Research                             Mar 2010 –.
Built a series of risk models to monitor over 400 funds’ tracking errors, enabling senior analysts to respond immediately  Sep 2011 and to inquire portfolio managers when anomalies occur.
Member of Portfolio Construction Team, responsible for asset allocation and creating optimal portfolios of mutual funds, ETFs and separate accounts.
Participated in due diligence process of selecting appropriate investments, including initial quantitative analysis, discussions with portfolio managers and relevant qualitative assessment.
WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY, OLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL, St. Louis, USA                                          Dec 2009.
Selected coursework: Mathematical finance, derivative securities, investment theory and corporate finance.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY, COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES, Boston, USA                                          May 2008 Bachelor of Art in Economics and Mathematics.
Selected coursework: Econometrics, monetary and banking theory, game theory and operations research.
Certifications                    Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholder; Certified FRM (Financial Risk Manager) Languages                         Cantonese and Mandarin: native; English: fluent.Assistant Manager, Valuation and Modelling Sep 2015 – Present.
Conduct detailed valuation and financial modelling on real estate and infrastructure properties / projects / funds, including cash flow forecasting, value and return analysis, financing and tax structures, entry / exit assessment.
Advise clients through the process of feasibility studies, pre-investment evaluation and post-investment monitoring, M&A transaction due diligence and pricing support, and financial reporting.
Perform industry and market research, comparable transactions and companies research, yield / discount rate research.
Prepare presentations and memorandums in English and Chinese on project reports and ad-hoc market research and topics.
Assist in business development initiatives, prepare client pitching materials, participate in site visits and inspections.
Financial modelling / return analysis for HKD14bn HK commercial development project / HK hotel redevelopment project / Shenzhen metro integrated development projects / EUR450mm European hostel fund / NYC condo project.
Transaction / valuation support for e-Shang Redwood pre-IPO investment / Vanke acquisition with Shenzhen Metro / China Resources overseas property JV.
Valuation review of investment properties in China and Hong Kong for listed property developers and funds, including CapitaLand, Vanke, CITIC, Logan, SCPG, Top Spring, Fraser Hospitality, Kowloon Development, Henderson, etc.
Assisted in trade execution and monitoring of Chinese government bonds, corporate bonds, and credit derivatives.
Drafted daily Chinese and global capital market news update and risk monitoring report highlighting key capital market data and corporate developments through collecting and analysing information from various sources.
Coursework: spreadsheet modelling for financial/investment analysis, fixed income & interest rate modelling, credit analysis, risk management, derivatives & financial engineering, hedge fund / private equity /real estate investments.
Activities: Teaching assistant - Managerial economics; Semester exchange at HKU.
Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA Institute: Passed all 3 levels on first attempts.
Diploma in Accounting, University of British Columbia: Completed courses accredited for CPA.POOJA RAI • Singaporean • Raipooja91@gmail.com • +65  92779527.
SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY - Singapore  December 2016 Master of Business Administration.
GURU GOBIND SINGH INDRAPRASTHA UNIVERSITY– New Delhi, India  June 2013 Bachelor of Business Administration.
GLOBALEYE PTE LTD – Singapore  April 2015-March 2017 Investment Analyst.
Create, manage & rebalance the standard investment portfolio and preparing all relevant documentation for presentation to the investment committee regarding the same.
Research and prepare customized client investment requests and portfolios such as high dividend portfolios and occasionally, stock analysis.
Prepare monthly market update reports and quarterly market synopsis where I conduct macro sector analysis on geographical equity markets (such as US, European and EMEA equities), commodities, foreign exchange and treasuries  ● Liaise with clients and other related parties regarding the timely execution of their trades and compliance requirements. ● Collaborate with various fund managers to review their fund and framework for their inclusion in our portfolios.
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK – Singapore  August 2013-April 2015.
Relationship Manager, Commercial Clients (February 2015 – April 2015).
Managed and serviced portfolio of 90 borrowing accounts with revenue ranging from S$10 million to S$50 million and pro-actively developed financial solutions to meet their needs.
Prepared comprehensive reports for approval department to assess the customers financing requirements and worked with internal stakeholders to provide the best solution for both the customer and the Bank.
Found opportunities with existing and new clients to generate and achieve greater revenue.
Worked together with operations and product specialists to provide timely and efficient service to the clients. ●  Successfully executed a cross-border FX deal for a company and their subsidiary between Singapore and Malaysia.
Credit Analyst, Commercial Clients (February 2014 – January 2015).
Prepared an average of 10 comprehensive reports and their supporting documents a month with an approval rate of about 70%.
Worked with SMEs in various industries including construction, manufacturing, commodities trading, retail, shipping services and automobile distribution.
Analyzed financial statements and prepare financial projections to determine the financial health and potential growth and value of the client.
Evaluated the client’s degree of risk based on their financial health and business strategy and operations.
Conferred with credit association and other business representatives to exchange credit information. ●  Generated financial ratios, using computer programs, to evaluate customers' financial status.
Credit Documentation Manager, SME (August 2013 – February 2014).
Assessed SME business applications and prepared Facility Letters in accordance with the applications. Prepared and submitted an average of 6 facility letter a day.
Conducted preliminary checks on documents executed to identify any discrepancies.
Followed up with the relationship managers to ensure all condition precedents have been fulfilled prior to the release of facility letters and drawdown of facilities.
Maintained information on the documents and collaterals in the collateral management system.
Fluent in English & Hindi. Elementary proficiency in Dutch ● Technical Skills:.
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powepoint, FrontPage, Access, Publisher).
Volunteered as an Administrative Assistant with a charitable hospital in Uttar Pradesh as an undergrad. ● Work Authorization: Singapore.Capital Markets and Merger & Acquisitions, Assistant Manager.
Created company profiles. proposals, teasers, management presentations and information memorandums.
Conducted target/buyer searches and cold calls to potential buyers.
Performed industry research to support economic inputs for financial models.
Prepared three-statements financial models based on reviewed information and industry research.
Performed company valuation to arrive at a range of values at which the company should transact at.
Carried out secondary valuation (such as selecting comparable companies and comparable transactions) to serve as a cross-check for primary valuation.
Involved in a range of investment banking advisory services to companies looking to conduct corporate finance related activities e.g. merger and acquisitions transactions, independent financial advisory opinions and public takeovers of Singapore Exchange counters. Selected transactions include:.
Advising the largest market-marker of SGX-listed equities in relation to an equity sale to a Hong Kongbased strategic investor.
Advised the independent directors of Mapletree Logistics Trust in relation to an acquisition of a Hong Kong warehouse.
Advised the UOL Group on the acquisition of a minority interest in United Industrial Corporation.
Advised the independent directors of China Auto Electronics Group Limited in relation to a mandatory unconditional cash offer by THB Auto Electronics  Limited.
Advised the independent directors of HTL International Holdings Limited in relation to an acquisition by Ideal Homes International Limited by way of a scheme of arrangement.
Specialised in audits of private equity and real estate companies with key portfolio clients such as CapitaLand Limited and GIC (Ventures) Pte Ltd.
Led concurrent audit engagements, which includes performing pre-engagement planning and directing the execution of audits.
Monitored engagement progress against timelines and budgets.
Identified accounting and audit matters, and proposed solutions to managers, partners and clients.
Prepared and critically reviewed statutory accounts to ensure that it meets the financial reporting requirements under Singapore FRS.
Proficient in the consolidation, as well as the audit of group accounts.
Competencies – Microsoft Office, S&P Capital IQ, Bloomberg.
CMFAS Module 4A – Rules and Regulations for Advising on Corporate Finance.
Bachelor of Accountancy with Second Specialisation in Banking and Finance.Room 602, No.15, Lane 2351, Changzhong Rd., Shanghai ● 13641624571 ● Email: chenqi198701@163.com.
Shanghai University, Shanghai, China                                                   Sep 2005 to July 2008 (Early Graduation).
Develop trading strategy of VIX futures by studying the settlement process and analyzing volatility of options’ prices to seize arbitrage opportunity.
Build and maintain financial models for over 10 A share/H share consumer & retail companies (mainly in staples sector), make forecasts and recommendations based on fundamental analysis;.
Assist lead analyst in in-depth research reports on sector and individual companies, contribute insights and main parts to the reports and work out key figures and charts;.
Deliver high-quality information, data and analyses through extensive research, data mining and consultation with industry experts;.
Provide timely responses to clients’ requests and follow up on issues; participate in non-deal roadshow with companies under coverage;.
Managed a team of ten staff to conduct the mid-year composite review of one of  the biggest telecommunication companies in China while also being in charge of consolidation and preparing cash flow statement;.
Led an audit team of three to examine the financial statements and accounting records of a unit within a Fortune Global 500 company whose year-end revenue totaled over $325 million.
Assessed internal controls for audited firms and recommended steps to improve effectiveness and compliance of its internal control systems.
Assisted with the IPO of a leading catering client on Hong Kong security exchange.
Supported the special audit of an asset restructuring process for a leading automobile manufacture company worth over $22 billion.
Established the proxy channel of high bandwidth and differentiated access services for Shanghai subsidiary by setting up the channel policies and business management rules, designing the supporting system and managing the implementation.
Researched and analyzed the selling data, concluded the crucial factors in propagating the bandwidth access services, pinpointed the target clients, and designed the investment model for constructing and developing networks.Conduct equity fundamental analysis using bottom up approach, sector coverage mainly on China internet,      Hong Kong/China consumer discretionary.
Conduct China macro and regulation study on sector policies and capital investment.
Make investment recommendations to CIO and portfolio manager on special situations, M&A and IPOs.
Perform market research and industry analysis, due diligence for private projects in China including FinTech, Healthcare, Online Education and Agriculture.
Region coverage: Hong Kong, Korea, Australia, Thailand, Singapore, ADRs and Chinese A shares.
Investment Analyst, SAFE Investment Company Ltd. – Research Department, Jul 2012 – July 2014.
Conduct fundamental analysis for the coverage companies and peer groups in the industry.
Perform bottom-up research of special situations, M&A, IPOs.
Assist Portfolio Managers with modeling and data research on special situations.
Assist Department Head on team management and project evaluations                                            Sector coverage: Global Specialty Finance.
Senior Consultant, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu – Tax Department, Sep 2008 – Nov 2011.
Gathered and analysed industry specific financial and market data for consulting projects in PRC.
Performed tax provision review for Hong Kong Listed PRC Companies.
Advised on group restructuring, cross boarder deal structuring and IPO tax planning.
Assisted on consulting projects including Transfer Pricing Documentation, Advance Pricing Arrangement.
Liaised with clients and authorities in mainland for foreign direct investment projects.
Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST), 2004 -2008.Management Fellows Program for Distinction Economics Student.
President’s award for half-tuition waiver; Dean’s list 2009 to graduation.
GF Securities (HK) Brokerage Limited                                              Dec 2016 - Present Equity Research, Lead Analyst of Utilities & Renewable Energy.
Provide comprehensive coverage of China Utility & Renewable Energy (22 stocks under primary coverage) through the analysis of industry macro trends and company financials.
Write in-depth, timely and critical research reports on stocks, industry and creative themes.
Actively carry out marketing role and pitch clients with investment ideas and recommendations.
Develop strong relationship with senior management of coverage companies to obtain non-deal roadshows.
Maintain good communications across Equity Sales, ECM and IBD.
China International Capital Corporation                                            July 2013-Sep 2016 Equity Research Analyst, TMT & Public Utilities.
Take on independent coverage of IPPs and environmental service companies (15 stocks under primary coverage).
Produce high-quality research reports, including daily market commentaries, sector reports and individual stock reports for the China Utility space.
Track industry news, company events and earnings to keep timely updates for the sales and institutional clients.
Build and maintain financial models and industry databases to ensure correct up-to-date information for fundamental analysis and different valuation techniques.
Assist the lead analyst to conduct roadshows, organize client events and develop relationship with listco.
Generated investment ideas, mostly China Concepts Stocks for US and European hedge funds and executed research initiatives.
Wrote monthly track reports on companies and sub-sectors in China’s consumer industry by analyzing the on-the-ground survey data.
Independently wrote “Internet Financing Series Report” & “Failed Land Sales in China” & “Insurance Investment in China” & “Capital Flight” and successfully pitched to 4 clients.
Supported senior analysts to perform macro research on China’s shadow banking, trust and property market by building and maintaining databases of trust products and wealth management products issued after 2010 as well as conducting interviews with professionals and experts in the industry.
Industrial Securities                                                          May 2012-August 2012 Intern, Investment Management Department.
Updated the investment database by revaluating 100 most traded stocks and added 5 new companies to the current investment portfolio by researching and analyzing more than 50 industries.
Drafted the weekly investment reports for VIP clients, assisted investment managers with the presentations on investment strategies given to the institutional investors.
Persuaded 50 new investors to open the trading accounts and attracted 200 potential clients to participate the monthly investors’ salon by developing the “Lunchtime Promoting Mechanism”.
Computer: Excel, PowerPoint, VBA, Eview, FactSet, Bloomberg, CEIC Language: English, Mandarin, Cantonese.Metro Harbor View, 8 Fuk Lee St, Bldg 8, Rm. 30H ∙ Kowloon, Hong Kong ∙ +(852) 6156-1881 ∙ roychenp@gmail.com.
Exposed to multiple product areas, including M&A, Debt and Equity, as well as various industries, including TMT, Education Services, Fintech and Energy.
Analyze strategic options for clients including structuring M&A advisory, strategic investor placement / IPO transactions to achieve key commercial and financial objectives Selected Transactions Include:  o VietJet $167m Vietnamese first international IPO.
Built full-blown operating model including revenue and cost drivers based on aircraft delivery schedule and business / financial due diligence on the Company’s aircraft leasing model.
Normalized EV/EBITDAR multiple of comparable companies by adjusting forecasted contractual aircraft leasing obligation which used to build AVP analysis.
o ~$400m (40% stake) sell-side M&A advisory for an internet company.
Projected revenue for new product line by implementing top-down method with analyses on.
TAM/ SAM, estimated market share, benchmark’s performance, industry landscape and etc.
Developed three statement financial model with various scenarios and assumptions derived from multiple rounds of discussions with management.
Performed sum-of-parts analyses to value the existing business and proposed new business; resulted in ~21% IRR and 2x MOIC for buyer with horizon of 4 years.
Constructed dynamic stand-alone operating model leveraged on client’s new schools development plan, historical capacity & occupancy, and regulation on tuition charges.
Conducted due diligence sessions detailing business, financial, and regulation considerations across education industry.
Performed in-depth due diligence, especially legal due diligence on recent developments on Chinese Fintech regulations.
Drafted industry section of prospectus, roadshow presentation and etc.
o China Yangtze Power US$300m & Euro200m dual-tranche exchangeable bond into CCB.
Drafted investment highlight section of the sales memo used in final book building; the deal priced at top end of the premium range in both tranches with realization of zero coupon & zero yield, which is the first ever by a Chinese issuer in the history.
Assisted in structuring dual-currency exchangeable bond by analyzing issuer’s M&A strategy, low interest environment, USD / Euro swap rates and so on; resulted in more aggressive USD tranche than Euro tranche to balance the demand from investors.
•  Performed valuation analyses including LBO, DCF and Comparable companies/ transactions as well as developed three statement model, revenue & expense models from scratch  Selected Transactions Include:.
o Sell-side M&A management pitching of a semiconductor company; prepared pitchbook that resulted in winning the pitching and built preliminary valuation that resulted in 10x-13x EBITDA valuation.
Bachelor of Business Administration degree – graduated with Distinction (top10%)                                 May 2015 Double majors: Finance, Investment and Banking; Accounting; Overall GPA: 3.8/4.0; Finance GPA: 3.96/4.0 CFA Level II Candidate.
Duff & Phelps U.S. national investment banking case competition (ranked top 5% nationwide).
Dean’s List (5 semesters); Everett H. Smith Scholarship; Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Member.
•  Proficient in MS Excel, PowerPoint, Bloomberg, Factset, CapIQ, Thomson One and Dealogic; Basic in Java  •  Fluent in Chinese and English; Basic in Japanese.26A Lowland Road  Mobile: 82285273 S547417  Email: kenhor1@gmail.com.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE KPMG Corporate Finance  Jan 14 – Present.
End to end deal exposure – from preparing pitch book, investment teaser and information memorandum, developing financial models to working with legal advisors on drafting term sheet and SPA.
Worked in a sector agnostic team, exposure to deals in the healthcare, logistics, consumer,  engineering and marine sectors, with transaction size up to S$300m.
Received a double promotion in June 2015 due to ability to lead workflow independently and build trust with engagement directors, clients and other stakeholders.
Built and developed financial models, including IRR/CoC-centric model (on a buy-side deal for a PE), financing scenarios and modelling synergies.
Conducted market scanning analysis, due diligence and financial modelling on potential targets, and identified synergies with the client’s strategic growth plans. The analysis and recommendations facilitated the advancement into two live deals.
Developed good working relationships and was a trusted advisor to clients; Received the Merit award from the firm due to an outstanding team performance and strong client’s commendation letter.
Undertook leadership roles, such as administering the Corporate Finance internship programme and being the Advisory Basketball team captain for two consecutive years  Selected M&A Transactions:.
(1) Sale of a majority stake in a locally based air freight logistics company to a Hong Kong listed integrated logistics provider, at a rich valuation of 18x P/E.
- Analysed multiple attractive offers with various structures, worked closely with legal advisors to draft definitive agreements and was highly involved in SPA and SHA negotiation process.
(2) Sale of a SGX listed ship supply company with EBITDA of above S$10 million, at a targeted valuation of 10x EV/EBITDA.
- Facilitated for pre-bid due diligence before launch of Mandatory General Offer,  improved understanding of SGX takeover regulations and process.
(3) Advising a private equity fund on potential acquisitions of  healthcare companies providing services to the aged population.
- Conducted intensive market scanning, developed IRR/CoC-centric financial models and managed due diligence process.
LEADERSHIP AND CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Singapore Arm Forces  Jan 08 – Nov 09.
Led a platoon in an Infantry battalion and exercised servant leadership, helping my men through the trying times and lending a listening ear even relating to their personal lives.
Appointed as the officer-in-charge of a live exercise to protect a key installation in Singapore.
Raffles Institution (Junior College) Basketball Team   Jan 07 – Dec 07.
 Served as a liaison between the team and coaching staff, effectively managing team relationships and leading the team in the Nationals Basketball Competitions.
Passed CFA Level 3 and expecting to earn the CFA charter in 2018.
Passed ISCA PAC and expecting to earn Chartered Accountant (Singapore) designation in 2017   Incoming student of Business Mandarin in SCCIOB.
Interest: Books (Recently read Dealmaking: The New Strategy of Negotiauctions by Guhan Subramanian), Investing,  Sports (Basketball, Tennis, Table-tennis), Movies.
Community Involvement: Volunteered at Junior Church; Gave tuition to teens at The Salvation Army - Gracehaven.
26A Lowland Road  Mobile: 82285273 S547417  Email: kenhor1@gmail.com.
(1) Sale of a majority stake in an Asian chemical logistics freight forwarder to a Swiss transport company with revenue of over S$1 billion.
 Facilitated the due diligence process of the Group that included 8 overseas entities across Asia, prepared a detailed financial budget built up by existing and potential service contracts to drive deal valuation.
(2) Sale of a 100% equity stake in a leading aged care facility operator in Singapore with EBITDA of above S$10 million to a private equity fund, at a valuation of 10x EV/EBITDA.
  Prepared investment teaser and information memorandum, managed virtual dataroom with Q&A and analysed the transaction structured using the locked-box mechanism.
(3)  Sale of an ASEAN engineering firm supplying refinery plants for the oil and fats industry with.
EBITDA of approximately S$25 million, at a targeted valuation of 8x EV/EBITDA.
  Prepared investment teaser and information memorandum, identified potential investors.
(4) Capital raising for a prime Singapore leisure attraction operator to fund its regional expansion plan, with a pre-money valuation of approximately S$30 million.
 Prepared investment teaser and information memorandum, reached out to potential investors and negotiated potential offers.
(5) Sale of a leading travel company in Singapore that focuses on wholesale air ticketing and corporate travel management, with revenue of above S$200 million.
 Prepared investment teaser and information memorandum, reached out to potential investors and negotiated potential offers.
(6)  Sale of a locally-based freight logistics company that serves a roster of blue-chip customers and has the expertise in handling specialised goods, such as flavour and fragrance products   Prepared investment teaser and information memorandum, reached out to potential investors.
Double Degree in Accountancy and Business (Banking and Finance) with First Class Honours   GPA (Business): 4.67/5.0, GPA (Accountancy): 4.7/5.0.Address: Flat A2, Block A, Smithfield Terrace, 71-77 Smithfield Road, Kennedy Town, Hong Kong.
Telephone: +85266755654 E-mail: jingruochong@gmail.com.
Appendix 2: Track Record (Companies Covered as Secondary Market Buy-Side Analyst).
Huarong International Asset Management is a subsidiary of China Huarong Asset Management (Stock Code 2799 HK, the largest State-owned Asset Management Company in China with AUM over CNY 800 billion).
Participate in 10 structured finance (2 originations/6 leads/3 executions) and 8 bond (5 originations/8 leads/2 executions) deals in Real Estate/Consumer/Energy/Utility/Financials/Transportation sectors (See Appendix 1 for Track record).
- Originate structured finance/bond deals with clients/intermediaries;.
- Conduct business & financial due diligence of the investment opportunities;.
- Write investment proposals, memos and present in front of the investment committee;.
- Coordinate with legal counsels, banks, brokers, etc. to close the project.
Huarong International Asset Management is a subsidiary of China Huarong Asset Management (Stock Code 2799 HK, the largest State-owned Asset Management Company in China with AUM over CNY 800 billion).
Participate in 10 structured finance (2 originations/6 leads/3 executions) and 8 bond (5 originations/8 leads/2 executions) deals in Real Estate/Consumer/Energy/Utility/Financials/Transportation sectors (See Appendix 1 for Track record).
- Originate structured finance/bond deals with clients/intermediaries;.
- Conduct business & financial due diligence of the investment opportunities;.
- Write investment proposals, memos and present in front of the investment committee;.
- Coordinate with legal counsels, banks, brokers, etc. to close the project.
Essence Asset Management is a subsidiary of Essence Securities (Stock Code 600061 CH, one of the Top Ten Securities Firms in China).
Support management of long-only equity mutual fund products and equity discretionary accounts, with total AUM of over HK$400MM.
- Conduct universe screening of listed companies in Healthcare, Internet, Technology, Telecom and Transportation sectors;.
- Conduct desktop research of operations, financials of companies under coverage with financial statements, sell-side/independent third party research/database, etc;.
- Build and/or maintain 16 detailed valuation models for companies under coverage/on the watch list;.
- Communicate investment ideas to portfolio managers in the format of investment write-ups/presentations.
Essence Asset Management is a subsidiary of Essence Securities (Stock Code 600061 CH, one of the Top Ten Securities Firms in China).
Support management of long-only equity mutual fund products and equity discretionary accounts, with total AUM of over HK$400MM.
- Conduct universe screening of listed companies in Healthcare, Internet, Technology, Telecom and Transportation sectors;.
- Conduct desktop research of operations, financials of companies under coverage with financial statements, sell-side/independent third party research/database, etc;.
- Build and/or maintain 16 detailed valuation models for companies under coverage/on the watch list;.
- Communicate investment ideas to portfolio managers in the format of investment write-ups/presentations.
Support management of HSZ China Fund, a long only Switzerland-registered fund investing in listed China equities. AUM: US$130MM.
- Conduct universe screening of listed companies in Healthcare, Industrials, Internet, Technology, Telecom, Transportation and Utility sectors;.
- Conduct desktop research of operations, financials of companies under coverage with financial statements, sell-side/independent third party research/database, etc;.
- Build and/or maintain 20 detailed valuation models for companies under coverage/on the watch list;.
- Hold 59 meetings with management/IR from 53 listed companies;.
- Communicate investment ideas to portfolio managers in the format of investment write-ups/presentations.
Support management of HSZ China Fund, a long only Switzerland-registered fund investing in listed China equities. AUM: US$130MM.
- Conduct universe screening of listed companies in Healthcare, Industrials, Internet, Technology, Telecom, Transportation and Utility sectors;.
- Conduct desktop research of operations, financials of companies under coverage with financial statements, sell-side/independent third party research/database, etc;.
- Build and/or maintain 20 detailed valuation models for companies under coverage/on the watch list;.
- Hold 59 meetings with management/IR from 53 listed companies;.
- Communicate investment ideas to portfolio managers in the format of investment write-ups/presentations.
Independent valuation of the bank’s FX trading portfolios;.
Monitor the bank’s liquidity risk in FX trading (liquidity reserves calculations, bid-ask spreads review);.
Analyze & comment on major market events & major P&L drivers of the bank’s FX trading portfolios;.
Write Excel macros to enhance the work efficiency of the team.
Independent valuation of the bank’s FX trading portfolios;.
Monitor the bank’s liquidity risk in FX trading (liquidity reserves calculations, bid-ask spreads review);.
Analyze & comment on major market events & major P&L drivers of the bank’s FX trading portfolios;.
Write Excel macros to enhance the work efficiency of the team.
Conduct telecom tariff survey and analysis in six cities in China;.
Conduct store visits to the three Chinese telcos in Shenzhen;.
Conduct telecom tariff survey and analysis in six cities in China;.
Conduct store visits to the three Chinese telcos in Shenzhen;.
English (Fluent), Cantonese (Fluent), Putonghua (Native).
English (Fluent), Cantonese (Fluent), Putonghua (Native).
Abundant experiences in Excel VBA and extracting data from Reuters & Bloomberg terminals.
Abundant experiences in Excel VBA and extracting data from Reuters & Bloomberg terminals.
Structured finance projects (2 originations, 6 leads, 3 executions).
Structured finance projects (2 originations, 6 leads, 3 executions).
Structured finance projects (2 originations, 6 leads, 3 executions).
Structured finance projects (2 originations, 6 leads, 3 executions).
Structured finance projects (2 originations, 6 leads, 3 executions).Nationality: Singaporean      Mobile: +852 9858 7886 (HK) / +65 9830 8527 (SG) Currently residing in: Hong Kong    Email: ngxinyao@hotmail.com.
I love investment for the work it entails – exploring, learning about culture and businesses, interacting with respectable executives and experts, having accountability and taking responsibilities. Career goal is to be a top notch Asia-centric portfolio manager. Possess deep regional experience in Greater China and Singapore stock markets across multiple sectors from an enriching career since 2007. Proven track record in consistently beating relevant benchmarks. Articulate communicator in both English and Mandarin Chinese with native fluency.
Allard Partners Limited (US$ 1bn long-only equity fund), Hong Kong          Jun 2015 – Present.
Investment Analyst, Investment Strategy & Research Management Department.
Made important contribution to our main fund, Allard Growth Fund, winning best Asia Ex-Japan fund in AsiaHedge Awards 2016 and best long-only Asian equity fund (over 5 years) in AI Hedge Fund Awards 2017.
Practiced deep, fundamental equity research covering Greater China with strong sense of business-mindedness, inquisitiveness and forward thinking, complemented with competency in financial modelling and financial analysis.
Integral member of a 3-man Greater China research team, within an 8-man investment team (including a portfolio manager) with flat hierarchy that gives every analyst a strong say on decisions.
Generalist role that allowed me flexibility to acquire broad knowledge across many sectors, particularly the sectors of internet, consumer, real estate and utilities.
Investment ideas since joining till 12 Feb 2017 generated 15.9% return on average, significantly outperforming benchmark. MSCI APAC Ex-Japan returned -2.0% over same period with Hang Seng, Shanghai and Shenzhen composites faring much worse.
Central Provident Fund Board (Singapore’s pension fund administrator), Singapore            Dec 2010 – Aug 2013.
Built and co-managed a Singapore-REIT equity portfolio (AUM > S$150m), outperformed the benchmark by over 3% (annualised) with a long-term, bottom-up strategy focused on deep fundamental research. Had responsibilities for portfolio management, equity research and trading.
Led a 3-man team in equity research covering Singapore-REIT sector with strong competencies in financial modelling, valuation and financial analysis. Gained deep knowledge of property sector.
Also supported research on fund analysis, global macroeconomics and asset allocation in a broad ranging role.
Advised private bankers in customer due diligence to achieve compliance with international regulations.   Analysed client investment portfolios for investment suitability.
Awarded Allard Partners Scholarship (sole winner) and Fudan MBA Scholarship (2nd Prize)   Finished 2nd in AIFA College Financial Modelling Competition 2015 (China nationwide contest).
Starting member of the MBA soccer team: champions in 2013 and runners-up in 2014 of annual Shanghai MBA tournament.
Received top grade for dissertation on “Impact of Spinoffs on Equity Values in Hong Kong”.
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore                                                    Jul 2004 – Jun 2007 Bachelor of Business, major in Banking and Finance.
Languages:  English and Mandarin Chinese (native fluency in both).
Certs/Training: CFA Charter (since 2011), Financial Modelling Workshop (Wall St. Training), Intensive Bank.
Analysis (Fitch Training), Supervisory Management Skills (NBOGroup).2013. 01 —  Investment Analyst / Hedgestone Mizar Investment Fund.
2011. 05 — 2012. 12  Investment Analyst / Caledonia (Asia) Fund, an Australian Long/Short Hedge Fund.
Caledonia (Private) Investments Pty Limited, Sydney, Australia.
2007. 05 — 2011. 04  Senior Associate / Citi Investment Research.
2004. 08 — 2007. 05  Senior Auditor / PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), based in Shanghai.
In Hedge Funds  Sector Coverage in HFs: China Consumer Retail & Consumer Staples, China autos,.
Develop strong understanding of the sector fundamentals as well as core understanding of government policy on each sector under coverage.
Perform deep dive, bottoms-up fundamental research. Identify key companies which offer high quality growth or have structural issues over 3-5 years; identify both Long and Short investment opportunities in the sectors.
Make multiple site visits, conference calls & meetings with major authorities / company managements to accumulate conviction level of investment ideas.
Build financial models/databases to estimate equity valuation and growth trend.
Monitor major companies via site visits, management meetings or conference calls as well as build informal relationship with company managements.
Conduct high quality due diligence work on the key companies in the portfolio.
Present the research outcomes to investment team during morning meeting etc.
Build informal relationship with other analysts, maintain an investment ecosphere.
GOME (493.HK); Suning (002024.CH); KweichowMoutai (600519.CH); Tsingtao Brewery (168.HK/600600.CH); Golden Eagle Dept Store (3308.HK); Intime Dept Store (1833.HK); Sun Art (6808.HK); Mengniu Dairy (2319.HK); Dongfeng Motor (489.HK); Brilliance (1114.HK); Guangzhou Auto (2238.HK); BYD (1121.HK); Geely Motor (175.HK); Sinotruk (3808.HK); Great Wall (2333.HK) and etc.
In Investment Bank Sector coverage: China autos, China Consumer Retail & Staples.
Provide professional service to the institutional investors, including answer client requests, analyst road show, arrangement company visits, conference calls and etc.
Conduct fundamental research on listing companies of the sectors under coverage.
Develop financial models for equity valuation and recommendation.
Build relationship with company managements, industry experts for research work.
Provide valuation services for IPO projects from Citigroup IBD.
Dongfeng Motor (489.HK); Brilliance (1114.HK); Geely Motor (175.HK); GOME (493.HK); Suning (002024.CH); Tsingtao Brewery (168.HK/600600.CH); Golden Eagle Dept Store (3308.HK); Intime Dept Store (1833.HK); Sun Art Hypermarket (6808.HK); Mengniu Dairy (2319.HK); China Mordern Dairy (1117.HK); Shenguan collagen casings (829.HK); Weichai Power (2338.HK); Sinotruk (3808.HK) and etc.
In Audit Firm  Financial Report Audit, Internal Control Audit.
Perform audit assurance on financial statements, assess, internal control risks, SOX 404 testing and perform special purpose audit in accordance with the accounting standards and the PwC audit guide.
Responsible for issuing audit report on the industrial corporates.
In charge audit field work, review working-paper of the team and budget control.
Discuss accounting issues, financial statement adjustments & internal control weakness with the corporate authorities.
PetroChina Daqing Oilfield & Chemical; Shandong Shanshui Cement Group; Jingao Solar Company; Shenzhou International Group; Vinda Group; YanFeng Visteon Automotive; Shanghai Turbine Generator and etc.
BA in Economics, Major in Finance, Shanghai International Studies University (SISU).
Positive & optimistic attitude, self-motivated with passion in equity investment.
Strong problem-solving skills, quick learner and with good patience.Mobile: +65 9656 4647 |  Email: zheng.yangqi@gmail.com | Nationality: Singaporean.
Associate Director, South and South-East Asia UHNW Private Banking Clients Solution, Singapore.
Worked in conjunction with client advisors in developing holistic wealth management solutions, including investments in non-traditional products such as co-investment with private equity funds, anchor order and reverse enquiry for debt and equity placements as well as structured solutions to hedge exposure in foreign exchange and interest rates.
Analysed investment thesis of each solution through rigorous financial analysis and due diligence and synthesised risk and rewards considerations to present to internal investment committee for approval for distribution and subsequently to UHNW private banking clients for their consideration.
Notable transactions include private financing backed by real estate, placement of profit participation preference shares backed by residential real estate assets, convertible bond capital raise for a technology company, equity capital raise for a hotel group, equity capital raise for a private real estate investment trust and equity capital raise for an agriculture company.
Led discussions with promoters of businesses on their corporate requirements which ranged from corporate finance / M&A, financing (debt and equity), restructuring and hedging at the holding company level, operating company level and at the project level.
Integral part of Standard Chartered's One Bank Strategy through identification and execution of cross-selling opportunities.
Projects involvement ranged from privatization by majority shareholders, reverse takeovers, preIPO equity financing and mezzanine financing for businesses, origination of bond issuance transactions, financing of commercial real estate, corporate structure reorganisation, hedging of foreign exchange and commodities exposures and infrastructure project finance.
Notable transactions include leveraged financing for privatization of a healthcare company and acquisition financing backed by standby letter of credit and take out of acquisition financing via asset level debt.
Crafted a differentiated preposition by enabling the delivery of the whole suite of product offering of the Bank to UHNW private banking clients by being a centralised contact point for clients.
Created processes to streamline operations to enhance client experience and developed materials to train client advisors on cross-selling and cross-divisional referrals to drive returns of the Bank.
Associate, Investment Banking Division, London and Singapore.
■ Involved in over US$45bn of capital markets transactions (across the capital structure in debt and equity) and over US$5bn of M&A transactions. Selected transactions include:.
■ Advisor to the Republic of Ireland's Department of Finance on the restructuring and recapitalisation of the Irish banking sector.
Prepared financial models and offer documents for the unprecedented liability management exercises (LMEs) by Allied Irish Bank, Bank of Ireland, EBS and Irish Life & Permanent.
The LMEs raised c.€5.4bn of Core Tier 1 capital through cash and debt for equity tenders, reducing the capital injection by Irish tax payers, EU, IMF and ECB while instilling confidence in the banks as a going concern.
Involved  in sell-side process of an Irish bank by working with the Department of Finance and the management team of Irish Life to facilitate due diligence by the acquirer.
■ Left lead bookrunner on a global conductors manufacturer US$250m first-lien covenant light term loan to facilitate a dividend recapitalisation to the private equity owner.
Developed projection model with private equity owner to analyse pro-forma cash flow, leverage and coverage metrics throughout life of term loan.
Assisted the Company in preparing rating agency and roadshow presentations, information memorandum and answers to subsequent follow-up questions from investors.
■  Advisor to a Vietnamese real estate company on a loan guaranteed by a Vietnamese bank.
Conducted extensive due diligence on the Vietnamese bank, including a review of the Bank's capital, asset quality, liquidity position, foreign exchange risk management, single borrower concentration, corporate governance and compliance control systems and ability to comply with upcoming regulatory changes.
Performed stress testing of asset quality, litigation provisions and regulatory impact on the financial and capital position of the Vietnamese bank to gauge its viability under downside scenarios.
Liaised with the Securities Division, Real Estate Investment Banking, Legal, Finance and Credit teams throughout the process, including the confidential information memorandum drafting process to highlight key transaction considerations and materiality of non-public information received and required disclosures and risk factors.
■  Sell-side advisor to a global bank on a minority sale of a stake in an Indonesian bank.
Performed multiple valuation analysis on the minority stake for the client's Board meetings.
Created precedent deal comps to benchmark the valuation of the transaction.
Constructed a success fee mechanism to facilitate negotiations for the governance rights requests from the buyer and for the support by the other major shareholder of the Indonesian bank for OJK's Fit and Proper process.
Analysed alternatives options for stake sale, including market solutions (TRS, CREST structures).
BSc Economics (First Class Honours), London School of Economics, United Kingdom  2007 – 2010.
Achieved First Class Honours for 9 courses including Econometrics, International Economics, Accounting & Finance, Principles of Finance and Corporate Finance. Passed CFA Level 1 (Dec 2009).
GCE Advanced Level, Raffles Junior College, Singapore  2003 – 2004.
Distinctions in 4 GCE ‘A’ Level, 2 ‘AO’ Level Subjects and Merit for Economics Special Paper.
GCE Ordinary Level, Raffles Institution, Singapore  1999 – 2002.
Distinctions in 9 GCE ‘O’ Level Subjects. EAGLES Award for Leadership and Community Service.
Honorary Vice-Chairman, Asia Investment Banking Conference  2009 – Present.
Initiated and directed the team in organising the inaugural conference and advised subsequent organising committees in all aspects – speakers liaison, sponsorship, marketing and event execution.
Native speaker in English and Mandarin – able to converse and write effectively in both languages.
Pursued a rigorous course in Business Mandarin for Finance and Accounting encompassing translation, paraphrasing and Chinese business culture at Singapore Chinese Chamber Institute of Business.
Excellent Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint skills, working knowledge of Capital IQ, SNL, Bloomberg, Dealogic, Thomson Reuters and Factiva.A: 22 Chestnut Lane, Singapore | M: + 65 9090 7762 | E: samuel.ong.si.hao@gmail.com.
EDUCATION Singapore Management University  Aug 2010 – Jun 2014.
Academics: 3.9/4.0 GPA, Dean’s List Honouree (Academic Year 2010/11, 2011/12).
Leadership: Head Teaching Assistant for Statistics, Chief Organizer for a motivational camp targeted at delinquent teenagers, Lead Organizer in a team of 20 students for SMU Alumni Networking Night.
Competitions: SMU Quantitative Finance Society Trading Competition (Champion), Singapore Public Policy Challenge.
(Semi-finalist), SMU Wealth Management Challenge (2nd place), CIMA Global Business Case Challenge (Top 10 finalist) ▪  Exchange: Cass Business School in Fall 2013/14.
EXPERIENCE Morgan Stanley Equity Research  Feb 2015 – Current.
Assist in the coverage of real estate stocks in ASEAN, primarily focused on the coverage of Singapore REITs.
Formulate investment theses and identify key risks in stocks under coverage, penning findings in research reports.
Recommended tactical ideas in 2016 achieved an 87% hit rate, averaging 4.4% return with a holding period of 37 days.
Project industry trends for property subsegments including retail, industrial, office, hotel by analysing demand-supply dynamics and constructing regression models based on macroeconomic indicators.
Identify key debates and catalysts of stocks under coverage, performing scenario analysis on them to assess the impacts and probabilities in each scenario; this includes conducting accretion/dilution analysis on corporate actions.
Built company and industry models, forecast financials, incorporating the team’s views.
Meet management teams to discuss company prospects as well as evaluate management guidance and targets.
Participated in the initiation of coverage on ASEAN equity markets at the index level, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors.
Analysed cross company quantitative data such as valuations, earnings, growth prospects and fund flows amongst others to identify key market-moving debates.
Conducted financial due diligence and facilitated the M&A process for 6 transactions totalling US$2.6b, with deals ranging from US$100m to US$1.1b in size.
Prepared both buy-side and sell-side M&A pitch documents and conducted valuations using discounted cash flow, public company comparables and precedent transactions.
Delivered integrated corporate finance solutions, connecting US$270m worth of capital to investments.
Constructed a valuation model with what-if analysis for an internet start-up, raising US$50k of venture capital.
Established performance evaluation metrics and prepared reports that were used by the investment committee to better understand performance risk attribution of each investment.
Analysed fund performance by examining macroeconomic trends and creating performance benchmarks using pivot tables.
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Institute of Trading and Portfolio Management  Oct 2013 – Dec 2014.
Conduct top-down asset selection by forecasting economic performance across regions using macroeconomic variables.
Appraise sectors and stocks by examining value chains, fundamentals and technicals to identify long/short opportunities.
Employ risk management techniques by beta hedging and instituting portfolio construction parameters.
Headed a team of 30 writers and editors to produce economic publications with an international viewership of 1100 people.
Improved the quality of publications by revamping the timeline for publishing and establishing an economic think tank as well as a market monitoring committee, resulting in a 29% increase in readership.
Certifications: Passed CFA Level III Examination, Bloomberg Assessment Test (Top 10 scorers in APAC).
Societies: Mensa Singapore, SMU E.y.E Investment Club, SMU Economic Intelligence Club, SMU Quantitative Finance Society, SMU School of Accountancy Volunteer Corps.
Databases: Bloomberg, CEIC, Datastream and Thomson Reuters.245 Simei St 5 #11-54 S(520245)      (65) 9799-2454jeffreytankb@gmail.com.
Analyst – Investor Relations & Real Estate Asset Management          NOV 2015 - PRESENT.
Key point of contact for global fund managers; Represent views of investment community to senior management.
Organize and prepare management for non-deal roadshows, investor luncheons, conference calls and annual general meeting.
Prepare pitch book for private funds; Create presentation materials, press releases, and other communication materials for quarterly announcements, presentations to sell-side analysts and investors as well as manage the production of annual report.
Prepared responses to due diligence requests and coordinated site visits for investors of a JPY4 billion MTN issuance.
Responsible for the operational and financial performance of real estate portfolio with an AUM of over S$1.1 billion.
Formulate and execute asset management initiatives with the view of maximizing asset yields; Assist in annual budgeting.
Led the repositioning of a 450,000 sq ft retail mall in Bangalore into a start-up community offering co-working space, incubation, workshops, events etc.
Perform in-depth research on commercial markets in key Indian cities and prepare monthly report for the Board of Directors.
Responsible for financial modeling, scenario-based analysis, feasibility studies and strategic business planning for the Trust.
Financial Analyst – Private Debt & Mezzanine               MAY 2014 – NOV 2015.
Supported the global private debt team in managing a portfolio focusing on senior secured loans, mezzanine debt and equity co-investments over EUR 4 billion.
Worked closely with deal teams and arrangers for the sourcing and closing of syndicated loans and mezzanine investments.
Participated in the successful formation of a Collateralized Loan Obligation (CLO) with a target size of EUR 400 million.
Performed post-acquisition monitoring and analysis of direct debt investments including cash-flows projections, calculation of performance multiples, restructuring support as well as monitoring of benchmark rates used in the interest forecasts.
Successfully promoted just after 6 months, highlighting strong track record of stellar work performances.
Assurance Associate – Global Financial Services, Asset Management          JUL 2013 – MAY 2014.
Performed quantitative and qualitative analysis on the financial statements of asset management companies, focusing on private equity funds, hedge funds and global money managers.
Performed valuation for the funds’ investments using various valuation techniques including multiples method, market valuation, comparable transactions method and discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis.
Possessed excellent work quality supported by a 5-star performance rating, awarded only to top performing employees.
Project Director – CIMB Virtual Stock Trading Challenge            AUG 2011 – JUL 2012.
Analyzed a variety of blue-chip, growth and dividend-yielding stocks listed on the Singapore Exchange (SGX) and traded the stocks using virtual dollars, earning 18% return on investment in 3 months.
Led a team of 9 in formulating strategies to improve performance and investments of the project, resulting in the participation of over 2,000 participants; improving participation rate by 11%.
•  Languages/ IT Skills: Fluent in English & Mandarin (Spoken/Written); Microsoft Office, Bloomberg & Wall Street Office •  Interests: Investments; Bowling (Vice-Captain); Hockey (Captain); Soccer; Travelling.
School of Economics & Management, GPA: 86.3/100 (Top 10% of cohort).Flat LA, 26/F, Block 5, The Capitol, LOHAS Park, Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong.
Conduct market feasibility study and financial modeling for potential investment opportunities in UK and US.
Communicate with working parties from deal sourcing to due diligence and prepare proposal to investment committee Selected Deal Experience:.
Analyzed the recent credit rating changes and coupon rates to help issuing a 3-year bond of USD400 million at 3.875%.
Coordinated with other parties by introducing Sino-Ocean and KKR to invest for outlet development and operation.
Senior Analyst, Department of Valuation and Advisory Services                                             October 2015 - January 2016.
Propose financial analysis by employing DCF, income capitalization, residual, cost and comparison models.
Establish market research by analyzing real estate markets, government policies, capital structure, and financial returns Selected Deal Experience:.
Assessed an acquisition of approximately RMB4 billion with a portfolio covers all types of property across Mainland China and helped to save more than RMB1 billion for investor by unified valuation assumptions.
Evaluated over RMB100 billion portfolio with properties in different development statuses and pinpointed errors in legal opinion to prevent future loss for the IPO of Cheung Kong Property Holdings Limited.
Advise clients on property investment and office leasing by analyzing occupiers’ market, development budget, and cash flow projection.
Prepare market study, coordinate communication between different working parties and lead on-site inspections Selected Deal Experience:.
Performed property due diligence by touring properties and markets, reviewing leases, assessing third party reports, and assisting in drafting transaction documentation for a closed deal of commercial property about RMB2.5 billion.
Coordinated the launch of International Real Estate Finance and Investment Conferences in HK, Shanghai and Beijing.
Successfully convinced RICS and HKIS to cooperate by gained CPD commitment for conference attendants.
Erasmus Mundus Action 2, MSc Agricultural Economics Exchange Student with Full Scholarship                        2011 - 2012.
School of Economics and Management, Nanjing Agricultural University                                                   Nanjing, China.
Bachelor of Science in Finance, Graduate with Distinction, Overall GPA: 3.79                                                     2007 - 2011.
Qualifications: Member of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Valuation), Licensed Estate Agent E-361399.
Technical Skills: MS Office, Excel, Power Point, Visual Basic, Argus.
Languages: Mandarin (Native Speaker), English (Fluent), Cantonese (Fluent), German (Basic), French (Basic).
Interests: International travelling, Scuba Diving, Sketching, Cello, Jogging.Extensive working experience in leading asset management firms including MSCI and Fidelity. University graduated with major in economics and marketing. Specialized in buy side equity research with primary focus on proxy voting, remuneration, corporate governance, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) with international exposures across Asia-pacific markets including Australia and Japan.
Fidelity Investment Limited (FIL)  Singapore/Australia Associate, Equity Capital Market (ECM)   Aug 2014 – Present.
Industrial analysis meeting: participated in industrial analysis & stock picking discussion at bi-weekly analyst meetings.
Investment Management Agreement: Cooperated with sales, client service and legal teams to draft Investment Management Agreements (IMAs).
Performance Measurement: Produced quarterly report and analysis for senior management; Fidelity board reports; and institutional client reports.
Client on-boarding process: Standardized FIL approach to Asia Pac clients’ proxy voting requests as a part of group effort to streamline client on-boarding process.
Proxy Voting: In charge of proxy voting decisions of Fidelity's investments across Asia Pacific markets.
Proxy Contest Advisory: Advised the management team on actions against high-profile proxy contest in case such as Money3 Corporation Limited. Executed proposed plans to achieve our objective and maintain good relation with investee companies. I.
Investment Policy Development: Developed FIL's corporate governance policies for application in 17 Asia Pacific markets involving evaluating local market listing rules, companies act and related regulations.
Environment Social and Governance Research: Assessed “Morningstar® ESG rating Initiative” on Fidelity funds in collaboration with portfolio managers. Contact point of CSR related shareholder proposals among Australian companies such as Rio Tinto.
Corporate Strategy: Communicated Fidelity's views with issuers with the aim of influencing corporate strategy. For example, analyzed and opposed an Australian investee company’s business expansion plan which was subsequently voted down by majority of shareholders at EGM.
Corporate Governance and Structure: Persuaded some investee companies to adopt new corporate governance structure to better protect shareholder values. For example, convinced a HK listed company to change its remuneration committee structure by excluding its founder and executive director of the company and adopting a fully independent committee structure.
Remuneration Practices: Engaged with investee companies on remuneration topics to better align management interests with investors’. For example, communicated with an Australian issuer on its remuneration structure which includes dividend payout on unearned long-term incentive performance rights. Gained portfolio manager’s support and voted against the company’s remuneration report. The company eventually agreed to abandon this practice.
Key Research Pieces: published research reports on corporate governance and CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility). Key papers include:.
“The board and Shareholder Communication @ shareholder meeting in Australia” (2015).
Global Project: Led APAC region's working system migration, as a key part of the global workflow review and saved approximate 40 hours per week.
Proxy Research: Published proxy research report with focuses on M&A/privatization due diligence, related party transaction analyses, proxy contest analyses, and legal/regulatory research with a concentration on Hong Kong, China Mainland and Taiwan.
Policy Development: Led the amendments of ISS international proxy policy 2014 (China & Taiwan) and participated in global proxy policy review.
Corporate Governance Advisory: Advise corporate executives, institutional investors and solicitors over key corporate governance issues on director succession, share incentive plans and significant asset restructuring.
Team Management: Initiated and host the case study sharing program across regional teams to enrich teams’ experiences and knowledge in different contentious proxy contests.
Research paper: Published proxy research papers such as “2012 Proxy Season Review – China, Hong Kong” and “2013 Market IQ-China.
Airsheep.com–Start up  Singapore Co-Founder  Apr 2011 – Feb 2012.
The start-up is to provide logistic solutions for ASEAN oversea online retailers who source their products from China's online retailing giants, such as Alibaba.com, but have limited China market knowledge.
Conducted marketing research on online retailing industry in ASEAN countries to identify target market segments and analyze consumer needs.
Led a team of five to design marketing campaign to raise customer awareness of Airsheep.com and boost its usages.
Singapore Management University  Singapore Bachelor of Science (Economics) with High Merit. 2008 – 2012.
Skillful users of databases as Factiva, Thomson Reuters Eikon, One Source Thomson One Banker, Reuters& CEIC Database, SQL.
Membership: Obtained Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services License in Singapore.
General Secretary of Sino Alumni Group, a branch of SMU Alumni Group.
Volunteer of World Youth Olympic Games hosted in Singapore.Hong Kong         Hopewell Holdings Limited    Corporate Finance & Planning.
A conglomerate focus in real estate and infrastructure businesses in Hong Kong and China.
Constructed and maintained financial models for all business units, industries covered from energy to real estate.
Assisted on fund raising strategic planning and execution, including both equity and debt markets.
Monitored peers and market movements, including M&As, restructuring, IPO, etc.
Hong Kong / Nanjing / Shanghai  The Glorious Sun Holdings Limited  Chairman’s office.
A chain apparel retail brand currently managing over 600 shops in PRC.
Conducted market research and drafted strategies to accelerate the improvement in profitability, included capturing new markets, restructuring profit centers and channels optimization.
Researched and analyzed market competitors, proposals were presented to the management.
Conducted sales and financial forecasts, provided insights on overall profitability and sustainability.
Conducted qualitative research and drafted recommendations on various topics, including internal control procedures, organization structural design and human resources restructuring.
Coordinated with management of regional offices in order to ensure designed business plans were well executed.
Constructed dash‐board financial reports to facilitate business decision making.
Studied different part of the business including supply chain; pricing strategy; product mix, and analyzed against major competitors, drafted proposals which focus on effectiveness and efficiency optimization.
Reviewed proposals from regional management, studied on potential risk and benefits, presented to the management with recommendations.
A real estate portfolio of over 1.5 million square feet across North America.
Researched and shortlisted potential acquisition targets, preliminary valuation was carried out on targets, income approach and sales comparison approach were widely used at this stage   Assisted to provide analysis on tenant mix optimization Operational:.
Constructed dynamic valuation models for potential acquisition targets, using income approach (DCF models) and sales comparison approach as the base cases, sensitivity was also tested.
Assisted in the pre‐acquisition stage, conducted due‐diligence on several targets, legal documents and valuation reports are reviewed, detailed comments and valuation adjustments were suggested.
Assisted to provide market data analysis and design business strategies for various categories in FMCG   Prepared presentation material.
Shanghai  NIVEA (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.    Marketing department (VISAGE).
Identified business opportunity by analyzing market research data, series of products were therefore developed and carried on to market study.
Led a time and budget‐limited products improving project in react to several weaknesses suggested by the market researches, the whole project was finished in a month and result was encouraging.
Passed HKSI Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries Paper 1, 7, 8, 12; Qualification requirement for Type 1, 4, 8, 9 representatives.Asiya Investments - specializes in the Emerging Asia investments for the Kuwait Investment Authority  Hong Kong.
Research Analyst - Pan-Asia Consumer, Industrial & TMT    2015-Present.
+24% YTD average return achieved on the executed stock ideas. Pitched 10 stock ideas and executed 6.
Bottom-up approach: accumulated companies with sustainable economic moats, trustworthy management, reasonable valuation, high conversion rate of free cash flow, and consistent ROIC throughout business/market cycles.
Engaged in extensive due diligence of potential investment opportunities through in-depth primary research across company value chain, executive management meetings, market research surveys, industry trade shows, expert networks, and proprietary tracking tools.
Built and maintained detailed financial models with an emphasis on unit economies, earnings quality, and cash flow generation to derive company valuations.
Monitored portfolio holdings and recommended trading actions and position sizing for optimal portfolio allocation to enhance expected return.
Trained and mentored junior analyst and research assistant in the team.
E.I. Sturdza Investment - long/short equity hedge fund of the Geneva-based Sturdza Group (closed down)   Hong Kong.
Research Analyst - Pan-Asia Consumer & Industrial  2014-2015.
Actively generated ideas within the Pan-Asia consumer and industrial sectors, amounting to 15% of E.I. Sturdza portfolio in Hong Kong/China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, and Australia.
Developed thorough understanding of companies, company specific attributes, incentives of key parties such as management, distributors, institutional investors, and company competitors through deep dive research.
Prepared and presented investment cases to the investment committee.
Won #1st place out of 2 portfolio managers and 4 analysts in the company mock investment competition pitching the following stock ideas: long Blackmores, Kose and short Sansung Life & Science, which realized an aggregate gain of.
Built and created customized Excel templates and indices for financial analysis and portfolio management purposes.
Supported the Hong Kong/China buy-side sales team by providing timely and tailored solutions for institutional clients.
Consistently ranked as top performer in the Asia Pacific Region; received ‘Distinguished’ rating for quality of client service.
Standard Fund - private equity seeded by Standard Bank and a consortium of independent GPs  Beijing, Hong Kong.
Created and built financial valuation models for potential investments opportunities.
Conducted industry and business analysis of target companies through extensive due diligence.
Prepared and presented investment cases for the investment committee comprising of Standard Fund senior management after in-depth research, analysis, market surveys and valuation of investment candidates.
Successfully assisted team in acquiring three important Limited Partners, raising a total amount of USD $20 million for the fund.
EDUCATION Washington University in St. Louis  St. Louis, MO, USA.
Relevant Coursework: Financial Accounting, Capital Markets & Financial Management, Statistics, Economics.
Awards: Thomas H. Eliot Scholar, Charlotte and David Moger Scholarship Recipient.
Qualifications: Hong Kong SFC Type 9 licensed; advanced user of Bloomberg API; CFA Level III candidate  •  Interests: mentoring; reading; professional Latin dance.Male, 29, Contact: manishagarwal390@gmail.com/ +65 8653 2116.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 Awarded certificate of merit for academic excellence in all the trimesters at IIM Lucknow.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 In Top 5 among 415 students at IIM Lucknow to be shortlisted for the prestigious O.P. Jindal Scholarship.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 100 percentile in Quantitative Aptitude section with an overall percentile of 99.87 in CAT 2010.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Ranked among top 1% (AIR 544) out of 65000+ candidates in National  IT Aptitude test organized by NIIT.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Equity research- Strong in modeling, valuation & data analysis. Good understanding of Indian markets.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
 Java, PHP, PLSQL, VBA, data structures, product mockup designing.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Sanford C. Bernstein, Singapore  Senior Research Associate  Mar’16  to Current.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Part of a two member team covering 12 stocks across Consumer Durable, Logistics, Infrastructure and Capital Goods industries.
Extensive work in consumer durables, port, railways, defence, renewable, water sectors in India.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Barclays Capital, Mumbai  Equity Research Associate  June’13 – Feb’16.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Part of a 2 member II ranked team covering Capital Goods, Power, Infra, Airlines & Consumer Durables. Lead analyst for road sector.
Extensive modeling & valuation skillset for major infra assets (roads, ports, metro rails, power utilities, renewable), airlines, retail (Spencer).
Key thematic works: viability of metro+ rail model, solar bids, opportunities in water sector, coal & gas auctions, state discom financials, Middle East Infra opportunities, investment cycle in India, competitive bids in power generation and transmission etc.
Regular corporate/client interaction and site visits helping in building industry relationships. Received appreciation from top FIIs.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Analyzed leading 9 companies in the US Healthcare IT industry as part of 3 member team based out of New York & Bangalore.
Assessed cross selling potential, attrition impact, capital allocation policy and EPS accretion from share buyback for the companies.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Oracle, Bangalore  Applications Engineer  Sept ’09-June ’11.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
Software developer for an aircraft and ship maintenance ERP application (CMRO), in Oracle’s SCM Module.
Implemented key features of warranty and claim for the application used by leading airlines as well heavy machinery industries.
Key role in integration of the application with other modules of the ERP - Inventory management, Quality & Order Management.
Liaised with Mexicana Airlines to ensure aviation compliance with Federal Aviation Administration, US.
Awarded fast track promotion ahead of others to Applications Engineer in just 13 months.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Solely responsible for handing mess finances having an annual turnover of Rs30mn  2011-13.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Responsible for accounting, auditing, payment & billing processes for 850+ students & 50 workers.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Streamlined mess operations by automation of inventory management and night mess billing.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Conceptualized Trading Floor an flagship event on derivatives for Mahindra Call For Arms  2012.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Implemented open outcry system of trading enabling 30+ participants to take both long & short positions.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Actively involved in blood donation, sponsoring a child and other social initiatives  2010.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Coordinated and oversaw all the technical events conducted by the 8 clubs in the campus  2009.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Organized aptitude tests and online programming contests which had a participation of 360 participants.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 Prepared & conducted sessions for juniors in Association of Computing Machinery Club  2008-09.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 1st position in multiple aptitude tests, Sudoku, puzzles etc. in various college fests.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Designed an autonomous sumo wrestling robot in Advanced Robotics workshop, TRI, Mumbai.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.
 Won ‘The Best Design’ award in robotics competition amongst 40 teams at BIT Ranchi.Lucas Tan | hp: +65 91012795 | e-mail: lucastan2011@gmail.com.
Associate with 5 years of investment and research experience.
Areas of expertise includes investment analysis, research analysis, equity analysis and investment due diligence.
Proficiencies include financial modelling, quantitative and qualitative analysis of equity market and real estate markets.
Buy-side Associate, Research & Strategy and Investments (Private equity real estate, direct).
Market Research and Forecast: Provide market analysis on real estate sectors spanning various geographic regions within Asia Pacific. Forecast real estate data that are utilized in proprietary cashflow models.
Investment Recommendation (Deal-Acquisition): Conduct analysis on potential deals. Identify and quantify investment value, while formulating cashflow (including sensitivity analysis). Assist in due diligence process. Demonstrated strong analytical and technical skills.
Financial Modelling and Valuation: Perform financial analysis and formulate cashflow models on real estate deals. Demonstrated strong understanding of real estate, relevant policies and financial modelling skills.
Strategy Formulation and Review: Formulate national level strategy for funds/potential funds. Assist in regional level strategy formulation.
Sell-side Senior Investment Analyst, Brokerage firm (Listed companies in Asia).
Financial Modelling and Valuation: Perform financial analysis and modelling on listed companies. Demonstrated strong understanding of financial statements, accounting policies, economics and financial modelling skills. Geographic coverage includes Asia Pacific, with focus on Singapore, China, Australia and Japan and SE-Asia.
Sector Research and Analysis: Perform research on various real estate sub-sectors (residential, commercial, hospitality, industrial) by gathering/interpreting information/data on related countries.
Investment Recommendation and Presentation to Clients (institutional and retail): Formulated equity reports and recommendations for both institutional and retail clients. Demonstrated strong writing and communication skills (presentations for clients).
Data Interpretation and Management: Manage database of information regarding stocks under coverage and relevant real estate sector information. Perform database analytics to identify market movements and provide insights on current market trends. Demonstrated ability to work with extensive database, and strong concept of financial statistics.
Buy-Side Research Analyst, Private Equity Real Estate (Fund-of-funds, direct).
Real Estate Market Research: Perform research on relevant geographic region (includes Asia Pacific, with focus on China, India, Japan and Hong Kong). Identify market trends and drivers. Utilize financial models to formulate expected returns within various subsectors of relevant geographic regions.
Fund Evaluation and Analysis: Analyse fund track records, perform due diligence to produce recommendation. Analysis conducted on individual deals basis and funds’ portfolio basis.
Lucas Tan | hp: +65 91012795 | e-mail: lucastan2011@gmail.com.
Demonstrated strong understanding of real estate markets, funds structuring, economics and financial modelling skills.
Investment Recommendation and Quarterly Reporting: Formulated drafts of investment recommendations to be submitted to Investment Committee and quarterly reports of invested funds to clients. Demonstrated strong writing skills and ability to communicate in writing to investment committee members and institutional clients.
Data Interpretation and Management: Manage Asia-Pacific database of real estate funds. Perform database analytics to identify market movements and provide insights on current market trends to the team.
Macro Economics Research: Perform research on macroeconomic factors - gathering/interpreting information on various submarkets (includes Japan distressed real estate bonds, Japan logistics, China-multiple sectors, India Residential and Hong Kong-multiple sectors).
Masters of Science, Applied Finance, Singapore Management University      Jun ’11 – Dec ’12.
Bachelor of Accountancy, Nanyang Technological University         Jul ’07 – Jun ’10.PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited  Hong Kong.
Analyst, APAC Renewables and Industrials Team, Investment Banking Division  Jan 2015 - Present.
Advising leading renewable energy companies in APAC and US on M&A, structured financing and equity transactions.
Developing financial models and performing valuation analysis using DCF, LBO, trading comparables and precedent transactions.
Performing operational, financial and commercial due diligence by conducting company, industry and macro research and analysis.
Preparing client presentations, marketing materials and internal documents including roadshow presentations, valuation books, information memorandums, sales books and internal committee memos.
o  Sole Financial Advisor to Saudi Aramco’s acquisition of a renewable energy company (ongoing).
Developing detailed financial models for all of Saudi Aramco’s potential targets in the renewables manufacturing space.
Developing unit economic models for solar and wind power plants across 5 countries to evaluate investment returns.
Conducting valuation sensitivity analysis and IRR analysis to triangulate entry and exit price o  Sole Financial Advisor to a leading US solar company on a distressed M&A opportunity to acquire the controlling stake in a renewable energy YieldCo (ongoing).
Performing valuation analysis using DCF on the target’s c.30 projects, precedent transactions across 7 countries and trading comparables to determine the fair market value of the target’s assets.
Preparing valuation books and supporting materials detailing business, industry, financial model assumptions, expected returns under different scenarios, potential risks and mitigants as well as exit strategies.
Exploring potential transaction structure under a Section 363 sale by analyzing target’s shareholding structure, distribution mechanism, HYB redemption economics etc. o  Joint Bookrunner on the US$150 million NYSE IPO of Azure Power Global Limited, a leading India solar independent power producer (Oct 2016).
Developed financial model with individual projections for all 22 of company’s solar projects and HoldCo roll-up.
Prepared documentation for the IPO including drafting the industry section of the prospectus.
Prepared roadshow material and sales memo on the business, industry, investment highlights and financials.
Coordinated daily execution and due diligence process between company, bookrunners, legal councils and auditor o  Sole Arranger and Lead Investor on Canadian Solar Inc.’s US$180 million term loan with detachable warrants (Dec 2015).
Developed financial model on the company’s manufacturing business and downstream power plants.
Prepared pro forma credit metrics analysis and collateral cover analysis.
Created information memorandum, investor presentation and coordinated the roadshow with investors.
Led the due diligence process with investors and organized various site visits and DD sessions o  Lead Manager and Bookrunner on JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd.’s ratings process and US$300 million HYB (Aug 2015).
Developed ratings model with five-year projections on the company’s two business segments.
Prepared rating agency presentation detailing business, industry, regulatory regime, credit highlights and projections.
Coordinated rating agencies Q&A process and drafted responses with the company’s inputs.
Analyst, Industrials Team, Investment Banking Division  Oct 2014 – Dec 2014 Summer Analyst, Industrials Team, Investment Banking Division  Jun 2014 – Aug 2014.
Assisted in originating, structuring and executing transactions in both equities and M&A fields.
Prepared pitchbooks, sector analysis and company profiles for multiple companies in the petrochemical, auto, consumer, education and machinery industries.
o  Sole Financial Advisor to a large Chinese chemicals SOE on the c.US$1 billion cross-border acquisition of an Australian chemical company (underbidder).
Compiled valuation analysis using trading comparables, transaction comparables and demerger analysis.
Assisted on DCF valuation by building WACC assumptions and conducting sensitivity analysis.
Produced multiple valuation papers for different phases in the bid process.
  International Student Exchange Program with major in Finance.
Languages: Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent), Cantonese (Fluent) Interests: culinary arts, Japanese fictions, jogging.
Bachelor of Business and Administration, major in Finance, minor in Mathematics.
Holder of Kerry Holdings Limited Scholarship (top 3%) and Dean’s List in 6 sequential semesters.
University of California Berkeley, Haas School of Business.Dean’s List and Deloitte Meritorious Award for academic excellence for AY2010 and AY2012.
Teaching Assistant for Finance module under Professor Lee Yen-Teik.
Part of the global sector team offering M&A advisory to clients in the industrials, consumer & retail and logistics industries.
Advising on the sale of an electronic retailer in South East Asia.
Advised on a proposed US$600m acquisition of a global tyre manufacturer in Asia.
Online peer-to-peer money transfer platform aiming to significantly reduce remittance cost for expatriates and migrant workers.
Part of the corporate finance team supporting M&A and ECM deals across South East Asia. Key tasks include financial modelling, due diligence, preparation of marketing materials.
Advised NOL on its US$1.2bn sale of APL Logistics to Kintetsu World Express.
Advised on Sime Darby’s US$162.9m sale of two Thai power plant assets to B.Grimm Power.
Advised Emery Oleochemical on its RM162m sale of its German oleochemical plant to Kuala Lumpur Kepong.
Global Banking Advisory (Investment Banking), Summer Analyst.
Assisted in advising United Engineers Limited on its S$490m renounceable underwritten 1-for-1 rights issue.
Prepared a pitchbook and a preliminary valuation model for an Indonesia conglomerate in view of a potential hospitality REIT spin-off in Singapore.
Created financial models for a private real estate investment management company and a Singapore-listed consumer company.
Corporate Finance, Merger & Acquisition, Management Intern.
Conducted industry and company research for preparation of teasers, information memorandum, buyer lists and pitchbooks using programmes such as Capital IQ, Bloomberg.
Performed valuation on potential acquisitions deals using comparable companies and precedent transactions analysis.
STUDENT MANAGED INVESTMENT FUND (SMIF) (Sep 2010 – May 2013).
Performed fundamental equity valuations on companies such as SJM Holdings, Singapore Airlines.
Awarded 3rd placing in the CFA competition – SMU round for recommending a buy call on CapitaMalls Asia utilizing a sum-of-the-parts RNAV valuation model.
Achieved 4th placing in the National Inter-School Football Competition.
Led a team of 20 students for an overseas community service project to the Municipality of Concepcion, Philippines to construct a Youth Centre for the local community.Equity Research Associate – Investment Banking (Singapore Banks & Healthcare)                      Jul 2014 – Present.
Interacted with C-level executives to understand growth prospects, business decisions and the financial impact.
Consistently identify and address key investor concerns by leveraging firm resources and conducting channel checks.
Maintained industry databases and tracked companies’ key operating metrics to follow overall market trends.
Developed and implemented templates for valuation models and databases; enhanced speed in responding to client requests.
Created detailed company profiles to assess the strengths, weaknesses and competitive advantage of the companies.
Produced insightful research reports on specific companies and sector and pitched investment ideas to clients.
Provided corporate access for investors by organizing meetings with corporate executives and investor relations.
Summer Analyst – Family Office: Direct Investments & Hedge Funds          May 2013 – Aug 2013.
Designed financial models and reconstructed hedge funds’ portfolio to predict the funds’ performances.
Independently performed primary research through interviews with brokers and fund managers.
Performed due diligence on hedge funds by assessing fund managers on their strategies and risk management process.
Produced investment reports to assist in the investment evaluation process.
Proposed a new methodology that reduces cost recharges to Singapore factory by approximately S$200,000.
Supported management team with financial analysis and analyzed production performance of Singapore factory.
NANYANG TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY – Double Degree in Accountancy & Finance             Jul 2014.
Awards: Dean’s List (Top 5%, AY11/12, AY12/13), College Scholarship (2010).
Academics: Achieved 6 distinctions in Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Chinese, Geography and Project Work.
NTU ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS SYMPOSIUM 2014 – Founder & Chairman.
Pioneered this event after drawing inspiration from attending LSE Alternative Investments Conference 2014 in London.
Brought together 3 other student clubs to collaborate and led them in organizing this inaugural event.
Tapped alumni network and invited industry professionals from reputable hedge funds & private equity firms as speakers.
Tackled the problem of low turnout by suggesting a change in venue to reduce cost of location rental and banquet by 22%.
Subsidized ticket prices with the savings and successfully increased participation rate (above 80%).
Worked with specialists and lead platoon to achieve REDCON-1 and trained them to exceed their fitness expectations.
Proposed a restructuring of the training program to optimize training session with coach due to budget constraint.
Interests: Basketball, Health & Fitness, Poker, Photography.Master of Finance (Streamed in Financial Engineering): Cumulative GPA 3.70.
Coursework - Group Projects: “Great China Rainbow Fund”: Product Design and Hedging Strategy Analysis; Financial Statement Analysis: “Potential Risks with Rapid Expansion of Tsingtao”.
Bachelor of Economics (Major in Financial Engineering): Ranked 4/56.
Outstanding Graduate of Shanghai Institute of Foreign Trade.
Awarded the First-class Scholarship for Excellent Students for 2 consecutive years.
Assisted senior analysts to prepare research reports, company updates and financial models for HK/China consumer companies and China power companies mainly listed in Hong Kong.
Assisted senior analysts to prepare meeting minutes/materials for particular China property developers listed in Hong Kong.
Prepared preliminary studies on the TV broadcasting companies and the commercial/industrial property companies in the initially defined stock universe of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect north-bound program.
Attended company result presentations, NDRs, analyst meetings, etc.
Monitored trade settlement. Performed pre-settlement matching. Liaised settlement issues with brokers and custodians.
Produced risk and performance analytic reports with the Bloomberg functions.
-  Prepared performance and macroeconomy statistics, charts, tables, security data and multiples. -  Maintained and updated Bloomberg excel formula.
Performed daily operative and marketing support activities.
Prepared newsletters on the topic of energy industry, high tech and business meetings.
Guided Siemens VIPs the tour around the WATW Pavilion in Shanghai World Expo site.
Coordinated the JA events for career development and invited students to participate.
Participated in the promotion of JA programs and activities, and produced promotional materials.
Professional  Passed Level II of the CFA exam in 2016. Qualified for Hong Kong SFC Type 9 activities.
Languages  Native Shanghainese and Mandarin. Fluent English. Conversational Cantonese.
Skills  Frequent user of Excel, Word, PPT, and Bloomberg Terminal; Experience in using Excel VBA.