Developed an extensive practice in the industrial sector in MNC.
Good knowledge of managing high value contractual risks & legal issues in South East Asia.
Worked in a different cultural environment and received recognition of clients and colleagues.
Ability to interpret new legislation and communicate the impacts to the business.
Served as liaison between high-profile clients and majors suppliers and internal stakeholders.
Nov 2013- Ongoing MODEC Offshore Production Systems -Leading Japanese contractor in Oil & Gas - Singapore.
Manage and coordinate major subcontracting activities from tender stage to close out on Floating Production Systems & Offloading (FPSO) projects(.>USD 1Billion), including associated insurances, guarantees, securities, drafting and/or review and approval of subcontract notices, amendments, change orders, warranty claims, and formalization of subcontract closeout.
Lead procurement negotiation of purchase order terms and conditions.
Provide legal support and advice relating to EPC tender (Brazil & SEA bids), O&M, sale and purchase of goods and services, strategic business partnerships and project financing intercompany agreements.
Drafting, review and negotiate contracts such as NDAs, MOUs, shipyard, fabrication, engineering contracts, operations, IT contracts.
Develop and implement project risk management strategies and plans.
Provide practical solutions to legal problems and challenges.
July 2012- Oct 2013 McDermott Asia Pacific - Leading US contractor in offshore Oil & Gas - Singapore.
Managing contractual and legal aspects of client tender document relating to EPCI projects (>USD500 Million).
Providing legal support and advice to the Asia Pacific business unit relating to the contractual risks before project award.
Advising on legal claims and strategize on contractual dispute resolution.
Assisting business unit with contractual dispute resolution.
Providing general corporate support to the Project Management Team on Insurance certificates, bank guarantees, parent company guarantee, sensitive contract related correspondence, warranty claims.
May 2011 – July 2012  ArcelorMittal Projects - Steel solutions distribution for Oil & Gas sector - Singapore.
Managing the legal and compliance aspects of local projects and being the main contact for corporate between Head Quarter and the local entity.
Establishing General Conditions of Sale and of Purchase for the entity.
Providing legal and contractual support relating to JVs, MOU’s sales of products, lease agreements.
Developing business process in term of Quality Management.
Aug 2010 – May 2011  Casino Supermarket Group – Worldwide leader in the Distribution sector - Paris.
Drafting and negotiating of commercial and services contracts such as innovation partnerships for creating a “future retail store”, advertising contract, IT agreements, freight forwarding contract, non-disclosure agreements, lease agreements.
Leading legal aspects of the comparative advertising campaign.
Advised on claims and strategize on legal defences with external Lawyers.
Developing group policies and best practice documents in Competition Law.
Managing legal aspects of acquisitions and sales of parts and enterprises.
Mars 2009 – June 2010  Total Group Headquarter – Downstream Branch – Major Oil & Gas company - Paris.
Analysing legal and business issues relating to a sourcing project in Asia for global procurement and coordinating with the Shanghai IPO and external business consultants.
Drafting the Ethical Business Conduct for the Europe Petroleum Industry Association.
(6 months) Business Law matters: consulting and litigation.
(2 months) Assisting partners & associates in matters involving French companies.
(4 months) Business Law matters: consulting and litigation.
2008-2009 EM Lyon Business School -Masters in International Business Law & Management.
2004-2005  Aix-Marseille III, Law University - Masters in Law.
2003-2004     Lyon III, Law University - Maîtrise en droit (Juris Doctor).
Memberships: Singapore Corporate Counsel Association (SCCA).
Publication: “Legal qualification of video game” Video Game French Agency” (2008).
Health & Safety: First Aid Certificate and CPR certified (since 2005).
Community Emergency Preparedness Programme Certificate (2007) - Singapore Civil Defense Force.(a) Credit, Lending & Governance Legal (CLG Legal) (August 2015 – Present).
• Provide supporting works to the stakeholders from different business functions in ensuring operational excellence and process improvement as an integral part of the Credit Documentation Process across all geographies.
• Conduct training and attend to queries received from business functions to resolve issues and reduce blockages in relation to the Credit Documentation Process.
• Keeping track of and providing advice to the business functions on the interpretation and application of the Global Credit Documentation Process (Roles and Responsibilities) Document.
• Provide supporting works (including conduct training, provide internal communications and attend to queries) in rolling out of global policies and procedures affecting Legal such as the Group Legal Documentation Policy and Related Procedures and Global Credit Documentation Process (Roles and Responsibilities) Document in ensuring that the same are effectively implemented across all geographies.
• Interface and work closely with various stakeholders (including COO’s offices, Credit Policy and Process, Risk Operations, Risk Analytics, GSAM etc.) to ensure smooth integration of the Group Legal Documentation Policy and Related Procedures and Global Credit Documentation Process (Roles and Responsibilities) Document with other processes of the Bank.
• Propose control improvements, enhancements and simplifications to the Credit Documentation Process where appropriate.
• Provide supporting works in helping the Head of CLG Legal to manage the Lending Documentation Unit (LDU) including skill development, setting and maintain global standards for LDU, interfaces with other functions and departments and resolving road blocks and inefficient hand-offs.
• Provide supporting works to the Head of CLG Legal in ensuring effective and ongoing oversight of Legal and LDU in complying with the Operational Risk Framework (ORF) and Prudential Compliances Framework (PCF) as an integral part of the overall risk and operational control framework.
• Provide supporting works to the Head of CLG Legal in ensuring that all applicable prudential regulatory requirements affecting Legal and LDU are embedded in the relevant control procedures; an effective control monitoring mechanism is in place to highlight material compliance exceptions; and any material exceptions are being escalated to the responsible governance forums, and are subject to an appropriate remediation plan.
• Attend to audit queries and remediation actions within the LDU function.
• Reviewed externally prepared finance documents to ensure that the financing structure and documentation comply with the terms and spirit of the Credit’s approval and the Bank’s policies and procedures.
• Involved in drafting and reviewing prospectus and other related documentation for initial public offering (IPO) transactions.
• Involved in conducting legal due diligence audit for private companies.
• Involved in drafting and reviewing circulars for various corporate actions involving public listed companies including circulars for share buy-back mandate and employees’ share option scheme.
• Assisted in representing Raffles Medical Group Ltd, a leading integrated private healthcare provider in Singapore and a company listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange, in its acquisition of a property from DBS Bank Ltd for a purchase consideration of S$54.8 million.
• Assisted in representing World Wide Touch Technology (Holdings) Limited, a company listed on the stock exchange of Hong Kong, in its acquisition of a private limited company in Singapore for a purchase consideration of SGD17.8 million.
• Assisted in representing Far East Group Limited, a regional player in the refrigeration and air-conditioning business listed on the Catalist board of the Singapore Exchange, in its acquisition of a private limited company in the People's Republic of China for an aggregate consideration of SGD11.69 million.
• Involved in drafting and reviewing standard loan documentations including standard terms and conditions governing the opening of accounts and banking facilities, facility letters, letters of guarantee and security documents for Cathay United Bank and E.Sun Bank, both are the leading banks in Taiwan,.
• Assisted in advising Shougang International Trade & Engineering Corporation (one of the largest iron and steel manufacturer in the People's Republic of China) in its USD150 million syndicated revolving credit facility granted by a consortium of banks for steel mill investment in Malaysia.
• Assisted in advising Cathay United Bank for its syndicated aircraft financing facility of USD90 million in relation to a purchase and lease of an Airbus A330-300 by an airline company in the People's Republic of China.
• Involved in drafting and reviewing circulars for various corporate actions involving public listed companies including circulars for expansion of core business, share buy-back mandate and employees’ share option scheme.
• Involved in reviewing, drafting and negotiating documents for corporate and banking transactions involving individuals, private and public listed companies such as documents for the sale and purchase of shares or properties, subscription of convertible bonds, share charge, banking facilities and employment contracts.
• Involved in conducting legal due diligence audit for corporate restructuring exercises for private companies.
• Involved in corporate advisory works such as advising foreign and local clients in respect of the legal requirements in offering securities in Malaysia, the listing requirements of Bursa Malaysia and other regulatory compliance laws of Malaysia.
• Involved in reviewing, drafting and negotiating documents for corporate and banking transactions involving individuals, private and public listed companies including documents for the sale and purchase of shares or properties, services contracts, employment contracts etc.
• Conducted legal due diligence audit for corporate restructuring exercises for both private and public listed companies.
• Involved in corporate advisory works such as advising foreign and local clients in respect of the legal requirements in setting up business in Malaysia, regulatory compliance and licensing requirements of governmental bodies.
• Involved in reviewing, drafting and negotiating documents for various property and corporate transactions involving private and public listed companies including sale and purchase agreements for the acquisition of business or assets, lease agreements, share sales agreements, non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements etc.
• Conducted legal due diligence audit for corporate restructuring exercises for both private and public listed companies.Phone: (mobile) (+65) 9625 5147 (work) (+65) 6713 7765 E-mail:  ludovico.cardone@gmail.com.
_____________________________________________________________________________.
Regulation, the set up of (a) CCP interoperability arrangement with LCH-Clearnet S.A.; (b) links with European and non-European CSDs for the provision of cross-border settlement services; and Dodd-Frank Act regulatory impact on OTC and on-Exchange derivatives clearing).
Preparation of internal memorandum on the regulatory impact and legal feasibility of business projects (such as Eurobonds and.
INSTITUTIONAL AND  - Legal analysis, preparation of internal memorandum and drafting.
BUSINESS ACTIVITY of finance contracts (such as the set up of the cash pooling service among the LSE Group Italian subsidiaries).
Legal and compliance regulatory assistance to the institutional functions and ongoing business activity (such as market supervision and listing).
SEPTEMBER 2009/    Loiacono e Calvi Law Firm – Associate (Milan).
ASSET MANAGEMENT  Assisting Italian and foreign clients in:.
AND FINANCIAL SERVICES  -  establishing and/or authorizing Italian Asset Management.
Drafting legal opinions, compliance manuals, regulatory impact.
anti-money laundering regulation in connection with the   provision of banking and financial services.
CAPITAL MARKETS AND  Drafting legal opinions, contracts and other documentation on: STRUCTURED FINANCE  - syndicated loans, guarantees and security package in relation to   project finance agreements.
Legal research, drafting of compliance regulatory impact analysis and legal opinions on:.
derivatives/credit derivatives, including ABSs, CDOs and CDS.
insurance investment products including polizze unit/index linked.
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT Drafting legal opinions, regulatory impact analysis and compliance policies on:.
contractual and tort liability arising from derivatives transactions      and the provision of banking and financial services.
2 _____________________________________________________________________________ EDUCATION.
_____________________________________________________________________________.
Legal assistance and compliance support to Singapore Exchange Derivatives Clearing, Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading, Singapore Exchange Securities Trading and the Central Depository Pte Limited.
Legal assistance and compliance support to Singapore Exchange Derivatives Clearing, Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading, Singapore Exchange Securities Trading and the Central Depository Pte Limited.
Legal researches, preparation of internal memorandum, drafting of regulatory compliance policies/procedures and contractual documentation on trading and post trading projects. Working with business units (such as derivatives, securities, fixed income, custody and fintech) on Singapore and overseas regulatory assessments and solutions for existing business and new initiatives within the APAC and EU region.
Conducting analyses and compliance training on regulatory and legislative developments in the APAC, EU (such as MiFID II, EMIR, CSDR and BRRD) and assessing the impact of such developments on the business of the CCPs, CSD and Trading Venues.
Building effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders, including business units, market professionals, solicitors, and regulators and more particularly with European regulatory authorities, the European Commission staff and key Members of the European Parliament.
Designing and maintaining an effective legal and compliance watch to ensure that SGX Group and specific business units are kept abreast of ongoing APAC, EU and European national level developments.
Legal assistance to Chinese and Foreign institutional clients on corporate, mergers and acquisitions and foreign direct investment matters.
Legal assistance and regulatory support to Borsa Italiana S.p.A., Monte Titoli S.p.A. and Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A.
- Legal researches, preparation of internal memorandum and drafting of compliance policies and contractual documentation on post trading projects (such as the implementation of EMIR.
Legal assistance to Chinese and Foreign institutional clients on corporate, mergers and acquisitions and foreign direct investment matters.
Legal assistance and regulatory support to Borsa Italiana S.p.A., Monte Titoli S.p.A. and Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A.
- Legal researches, preparation of internal memorandum and drafting of compliance policies and contractual documentation on post trading projects (such as the implementation of EMIR.
Legal assistance to Chinese and Foreign institutional clients on corporate, mergers and acquisitions and foreign direct investment matters.
Legal assistance and regulatory support to Borsa Italiana S.p.A., Monte Titoli S.p.A. and Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A.
- Legal researches, preparation of internal memorandum and drafting of compliance policies and contractual documentation on post trading projects (such as the implementation of EMIR.
Legal assistance to Chinese and Foreign institutional clients on corporate, mergers and acquisitions and foreign direct investment matters.
Legal assistance and regulatory support to Borsa Italiana S.p.A., Monte Titoli S.p.A. and Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia S.p.A.
- Legal researches, preparation of internal memorandum and drafting of compliance policies and contractual documentation on post trading projects (such as the implementation of EMIR.
Fudan University, LL.M. in Chinese Business Law (Shanghai).
“The Validity and Enforceability of the Close-out Netting provisions under Chinese Law”.
SDSU San Diego State University (CA) Business English Program.
Università Cattolica di Milano, Juris Doctor with honours (110/110).
Università Cattolica di Milano, Juris Doctor with honours (110/110).
Jump (Job-University Matching Program) sponsored by ESCP Europe and Cariplo Foundation. Legal cases course on Administrative, Financial, International, Civil and Commercial Law.
Liceo Classico Quinto Orazio Flacco of Lavello, maturità classica.Responsible for managing banking legal matter for the RGE Group;.
Responsible for advising, reviewing, amending and drafting all trade financing agreements (including bilateral and syndicated loans), LMA loan documents, hedging agreements (including ISDA, NAFMII), security agreements (i.e. deed of guarantee) and etc.;.
Advising and assisting with a variety of issues relating to transactional agreements, commercial contracts, confidentiality agreements, parent guarantee, personal information protection and etc.;.
Management of appropriate business area relationship and partnership with infrastructure units within the RGE Group;.
Instructing and managing the relationship with key external law firms;.
Responsible for the review and development of policies and guidelines and producing standard forms and templates.
Assisting and providing advice on the relationship management with regulators;.
Assisting with a variety of issues relating to transactional agreements (including LMA loan and facility agreements, derivative/structured products related documents), employment law, litigation, commercial contracts, personal information protection, corporate secretarial matters and etc.;.
Drafting, amending and/or reviewing the pre-transactional and post-transactional documents;.
Reviewing ISDA agreements and legal opinion (including ISDA Schedules/Credit Support Annexes, GMRA, GMSLA and etc.);.
Supporting the product specialists, shared services teams and other members of the Legal department;.
Management of appropriate business area relationship and partnership with infrastructure units such as Compliance, Risk, Operation, Finance, HR and etc.;.
Instructing and managing the relationship with key external law firms;.
Writing and distributing the know-how articles, policies and guidelines and producing standard forms and templates.
Review and negotiation of ISDA Master Agreements, Schedules and Credit Support Annexes;.
Review and negotiation of securities borrowing/lending agreements (i.e. GMSLA, OSLA, Taiwan Addendum, Korean Addendum) and securities repurchasing agreements (i.e. GMRA);.
Review and negotiation of prime service documents (i.e. prime brokerage agreements, FX prime brokerage agreements, give up agreements, master confirmation agreements, global netting agreements, futures agreements);.
Review various fund documents (i.e. investment management agreements, trust agreements, offering circulars/memoranda) while conducting due diligence in connection with derivatives transactions with funds;.
Responsible for providing legal advisory services to various business groups in relation to derivative transactions (including FX, fixed income, credit, commodities, equities and etc.), stock lending transactions, repurchase transactions and etc.;.
Perform legal functions and coordinate with local counsel in Asia jurisdictions (i.e. China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Korea, Singapore and etc.);.
Lead projects, training of junior staff, review and development of guidelines/know-how and oversee the work of other colleagues on the legal team;.
Interact with counterparties from various jurisdictions (i.e. China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Korea, Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, India and etc.) and different types of counterparties (i.e. banks, securities firms, insurance companies, corporations, hedge funds, investment funds, trusts and etc.);.
Interact closely with Business, Credit Risk Management, Collateral Management, Treasury, Compliance and etc;.
Strong understanding of regulatory requirements in various jurisdictions (i.e. Singapore, India, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and etc.).
Strong ISDA Master Agreement experience (including Master Agreements, Schedules and Credit Support Annexes) and NAFMII agreements experience.
Beijing University, Dept. of Insurance; Capital University of Economics and Business                            China.
Conducted and coordinated due diligence and closing in connection with several securitization transactions ( i.e. CBO, CDO, CLO, REITs);.
Drafted and reviewed various transactional documents including offering circulars/memoranda, trust agreements, sale and servicing agreement, hedge agreements, custodian agreements, warranty agreements;.
Performed legal research and compliance functions to ensure the transactions are legal;.
Global documentation coordinator/liaison responsible for organizing documentation workflow.
Reviewed and negotiated ISDA Master Agreements, Schedules and Credit Support Annexes;.
Reviewed and negotiated various transactional documents in connection with securitization transactions (represented sellers and underwriters);.
Reviewed and negotiated various mutual fund, hedge fund agreements (i.e. investment management agreements, fund administration and transfer agency services agreements, facility agreements, trust agreements, distribution agreements);.
Reviewed credit linked notes transaction documents from the buyer side;.
Reviewed various Chinese and English contracts (i.e. account opening securities trading agreements in connection with securities and futures, stock repurchase agreements, underwriting agreements);.
Performed compliance functions to ensure the firm’s policies and procedures as well as applicable rules and regulations are followed and provided guidance to business areas on day to day regulatory issues as they arise;.
Interacted with sales, trading, underwriting, risk management, audit, international, asset management sectors.
Updated and edited daily financial news for online financial news provider;.
Researched and surveyed the operation of life insurance in China.
Collected information about the operation of automobile insurance.
National ChengChi University, Dept. of Risk Management and Insurance                                       Taiwan.
Special Project Assistant and Research Assistant 03/1998-06/1999.
Collected and summarized information about business and insurance laws and regulations; arranged seminar: Seminar on a Comparative Study of Insurance Law between Taiwan and China.
Certificate in Corporate Governance of Financial Industry, seminar provided by Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance 04/2004.
Certificate in Banking Trust, professional training program provided by Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance 06/2003.
Property Insurance Broker, certified by Taiwan government 07/1999.Trust, Asset and Wealth Management: advising clients (mostly local trustees and foreign fund managers) on the legal documentation of establishing/operating/terminating collective investment schemes, including unit trusts, REITs and private funds.
Regulatory and Compliance: (a) advising clients (mostly local trustees, foreign fund managers, capital market services providers, financial advisers and market operators) on licensing conditions and exemptions in respect of Trust Companies licences, CMS Licences, Recognised Market Operators, Financial Adviser’s Licences, etc; (b) advising clients on their compliance manuals, AML, FATCA and PDPA obligations, etc; (c) advising clients from China setting up fund management companies.
Ad hoc work: draft and review employment contract, EP/PR application documents, ISDA schedules and banking facilities.
Trust, Asset and Wealth Management: advising clients (mostly local trustees and foreign fund managers) on the legal documentation of establishing/operating/terminating collective investment schemes, including unit trusts, REITs and private funds.
Regulatory and Compliance: (a) advising clients (mostly local trustees, foreign fund managers, capital market services providers, financial advisers and market operators) on licensing conditions and exemptions in respect of Trust Companies licences, CMS Licences, Recognised Market Operators, Financial Adviser’s Licences, etc; (b) advising clients on their compliance manuals, AML, FATCA and PDPA obligations, etc; (c) advising clients from China setting up fund management companies.
Ad hoc work: draft and review employment contract, EP/PR application documents, ISDA schedules and banking facilities.
Corporate and Commercial Law: draft and vet agreements, advise on cross-boarder transactions and pre-listing restructuring exercise, reverse take over, corporate governance and compliance, company secretarial work.
Corporate and Commercial Law: draft and vet agreements, advise on cross-boarder transactions and pre-listing restructuring exercise, reverse take over, corporate governance and compliance, company secretarial work.
Trade mark application (local and international), trade mark search, trade mark opposition, trade mark licensing, domain name disputes, draft of Statutory Declaration, etc.
Trade mark application (local and international), trade mark search, trade mark opposition, trade mark licensing, domain name disputes, draft of Statutory Declaration, etc.
Provide legal assistance and advice for low-income individuals, draft contracts and other legal documents, prepare materials for litigation matters.
Provide legal assistance and advice for low-income individuals, draft contracts and other legal documents, prepare materials for litigation matters.
NUS Research Scholarship (one of the three LLM recipients in 2006).
NUS Research Scholarship (one of the three LLM recipients in 2006).
Comprehensive Chinese Law, especially civil law, commercial law, intellectual property law and litigation law.
Comprehensive Chinese Law, especially civil law, commercial law, intellectual property law and litigation law.
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications                 BA, Eng.
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications                 BA, Eng.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, familiar with Internet applications and microcomputer structure.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, familiar with Internet applications and microcomputer structure.
First-ranking Scholarship (Top 10%), Excellent Member of Extracurricular Activities.
First-ranking Scholarship (Top 10%), Excellent Member of Extracurricular Activities.Australian-registered lawyer admitted as a solicitor to the Supreme Court of Queensland and entered on the  High Court of Australia Register of Practitioners.
Prior to joining Equis Funds Group, spent 3+ years as a litigation and dispute resolution lawyer with  international US law firm, K&L Gates.
Associate  at   Japan Solar (an Equis Funds Group invested platform).
Legal Counsel  at   Equis Funds Group March 2016  -  Present (1 year 1 month).
Lawyer (Commercial Litigation)  at   K&L Gates February 2013  -  March 2016  (3 years 2 months).
Graduate Lawyer (Disputes and Litigation/ Property and Projects)  at   DibbsBarker.
Graduate Corporate Solicitor (Secondment)  at   Bank of Queensland.
Introduction to International Arbitration - Introductory Certificate, 2015 - 2015.
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Biomedical Sciences, General, 2006 - 2011.An accomplished business oriented General Counsel and executive with demonstrated leadership, management skills and strong international practice experience.
Vast experience both from working in private law practice and in corporations, in charge of Legal, Contractual (including Tender Bids and Projects), Compliance, Risk Management, Policies, Corporate Governance, Dispute, Negotiations and providing legally compliant Business Solutions.
Experience in advising matters relating to Information Technology (IT), B2B, software, licensing, data protection, Intellectual property (IP), healthcare, medical and other services industry.
Has a particular interest in managing Disputes prior to escalation it to legal proceedings.
Advises extensively and manages legal issues in Cross-border Joint Ventures, Merger and Acquisitions and Alternative Dispute Resolution.
Integrating legal team working seamlessly and proactively with the business units.
Delivers value and regular key member in senior management level committee/board.
Conduct dispute resolution processes and effectively control services providers/vendors.
Regular speaker and panelist at key business events in Singapore.
Besides mastering English, also Multi-lingual in Chinese (Mandarin and Cantonese) and Bahasa (used in Indonesia and Malaysia).
Promotion of Singapore of Law, Singapore Academy of Law, Oil & Gas Industry.
Sub-Committee Member of Oil & Gas Industry-appointment by the Chairman of the Oil & Gas Industry Sub-Committee.
Singapore Institute of Arbitrators Associate Member, a Fellow in waiting.
Senior Legal Counsel, Brightoil Petroleum (Holdings) Limited.
Responsible for the entire Business Trading units of Marine Fuel Oil, Gasoil, LNG, Bunkering and Oil Terminal.
Leading, managing and advising on all Legal, Contractual and Disputes matters relating to oil, gas and LNG trading, oil storage, terminal, facilities and Bunker.
Addressing Disputes on oil commodities and cross border conflict;.
Advisory and dispute management for Shipping matter (sale, purchase and chartering of vessels, ship management, crewing, ship arrest, ship collision, marine insurance etc.).
Advisory on Employment matters working together with Human Resource Team.
Responsible on new Business Units being Online Energy News Portal and E-Commerce and all issues relating to data protection, intellectual property and IT (including cloud services).
Corporate Secretarial matters including drafting resolutions for board of directors and shareholders.
Single handedly managed and being the sole lawyer advising the whole Business Trading Units of Fuel Oil, Gasoil and LNG and created all contracts precedence relating to business operations of the NEW TERMINAL in China.
Successfully set up the new LNG business unit for the Group together with the Head of LNG. Single handedly created then executed the First Contract Precedence for LNG trading for Brightoil.
Pioneer Key Team Member for starting up the Online Energy News Portal for Brightoil and drafted then rolled out the General Terms and Conditions for use of the Portal.
1. Director of Legal, Rongsheng Offshore & Marine Pte. Ltd.  December 2012 –May 2015 (global role).
Headed the Singapore Legal Department in global offshore EPC business and the legal team in China on shipping matters for oil tankers, bulk carriers and containerships including building, sale & purchase, management and leasing of ships, ships chartering (charter party), ship repair, ship management and ship financing (project financing and refund guarantees).
Reported directly to the CEO on ALL matters including legal, contractual, commercial bidding, risks, corporate secretarial, disputes, investment, project financing and Compliance related matters.
Headed all negotiations, drafting, and executions of all EPC/EPCC contracts, cross border joint venture projects and strategic investment of the Group.
Detailed legal risk assessment and Detailed review of the contract bidding documents and all negotiations with potential client prior to and after bidding of any project (including Saudi Aramco, Petrofac, Maersk Oil and Gas) .
Successfully negotiated and executed various multimillion dollar worth of EPCC contract for building and delivery of deep water tender assist rig and jack-up rigs.
Structuring of a mandatory convertible loan to shares worth about US$ 9million and investment of bonds issued by a Singapore listed company.
Joint-venture with Malaysia’s Sabah state allied company for acquisition of the entire stake of a foreign entity which owned a drilling vessel with global well response (GWR) and FPSO capabilities, worth about US$220 million for purpose of a long term multi-million dollars’ time charter contract to the major oil company in Malaysia. Issues involved a joint venture with a Malaysian entity for purpose of management and operation of the said drilling vessel which involved issues relating to local content, bumiputera participation and PETRONAS’s aspirations.
Set up of a trust company in Labuan, Malaysia with management of fund by Rongsheng and advisory of jurisdictional related issues including jurisdiction of Cayman and Malaysia.
Internal restructuring of the companies in the Group to facilitate acquisition of a HK private limited company.
Set up of a vessel owned company which owned all Rongsheng’s built vessels and then chartered out to potential clients on long term basis. Advisory on the corporate structure, business plan and organization issues with regard the new asset, leasing and charter plan of this new company.
Set up standard contract terms for the Group with vendors and engineers including procurement contract, detailed engineering contract, license agreement and other related contracts for the EPCC contract execution.
2. Director of Legal cum Executive, Triumph Drilling (Singapore) Pte Ltd.
Reported directly to the CEO (global) on All contractual and legal affairs in the Group including investments, business expansions, divestment, business operation, commercial (tender works), financing and Compliance (e.g.. FCPA & Anti-Bribery Act).
Advised, negotiated, drafted and led the Company in all drilling and chartering of drilling ships contracts with existing clients/charterers including PETRONAS, PTTEP Thailand and Myanmar Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE).
In-depth advice and focus on sanctions issues of the US on investment in Myanmar which had a direct impact on the award of a multi-million US dollars drilling contract to the Company.
Contributed vastly to the business development of the company by Introducing and connect the key executive of potential client (from previous work experience) to the CEO for the Company’s plan of expansion and M&A.
Successful by represented the Company in executing a multimillion newbuild drilling contract with a South Korean Shipyard.
SapuraKencana Petroleum Berhad, (Previously as “Kencana Petroleum Berhad”).
Successfully set up from zero, developed, managed and headed the Group Legal, Compliance and Contractual Management team/department and formulated internal policies for the operation of the Legal and Contractual arm within the Group. Effectively enforced a streamline system with other disciplines within the Group Given the ultimate authority by the Group CEO that no contract/commitment was to proceed without first approved by the General Counsel. Oversaw all corporate secretarial work and corporate governance matters in the Group.
Led the Management team and directors to London in a round table dispute negotiation involving a potential huge multi-million US dollar arbitration suit against the Group by a renowned listed Saudi company, successfully managed the conflict, avoided arbitration and then eventually achieved an amicable settlement.
Lead Counsel in advising all technical and protracted disputes issues on cross border joint venture with a Thai listed company co-shareholder, Negotiated and executed legal documents with the said.
Thai company for a complete acquisitions and takeover of the entire equity of the said Thai company.
Lead Counsel in advising the Board on the potential set up of the Company’s presence in Timor Leste, Indonesia by either setting up a company incorporated in Timor Leste or a foreign joint venture with other investors in Timor Leste.
Led and advised the Board on the possible investment in the Middle East and advised particularly on the laws in Dubai, Bahrain, and Abu Dhabi, working together with external foreign lawyers.
Lead Counsel in reviewing and advising on the tender for the provision of EPCC of the Sabah Oil & Gas Terminal (SOGT) Project worth US$770 million by PETRONAS, being the first ever.
PETRONAS contract in Malaysia adopted the British Petroleum’s contractual model.
Appointed as the Honourable Secretary to the Group Risk Steering Management Committee and formulated internal policies and process for the said committee.
Advised on all legal matters in each quarterly Group Audit Committee Meeting and Group Board of Directors Meeting.
Lead Adviser in the Group on any corporate or investment exercise (M&A and setting up of Special Purpose Vehicle) with foreign parties which involved cross border transactions.
Appointed as the Honourable Think-Tank High Management Committee member to the “SapuraKencana Merger Integration Committee” advising alongside the Group CEOs of both sides of the to-be merged companies to formulate, manage, synchronize integration and to advise on all necessary legal process including drafting merger contracts and advising on the whole Listing exercise for the Merger.
Renewable Fuel Corp, Inc (American invested company) & Oilcorp Berhad.
All tender and negotiation works on behalf of the producers of renewable energy company, RFC, for a biodiesel Project Power Plant in Kuantan.
Did various presentation to the board of directors in Oilcorp as well as the potential financiers of renewable energy on the benefits of renewable energy to the people.
Conducted Due diligence and Led the Listing Exercise of Oilcorp in the AIMS Market of the UK.
Securing the project financing for RFC for the Power Plant and ensuring the successful drawdown of the project financing loan and discussion on potential Power Purchase Agreement.
• Established a Malaysia based office for RFC including advising on issues of joint venture,  shareholder agreements and all corporate issues, financing issues and business of Renewable Energy.
Messrs. Wong & Tai, January 2002 – January 2004 (practicing lawyer).
Represented clients on corporate matters including banking, corporate finance, due diligence, mergers & acquisition and private investments.
Structured and negotiated on cross border corporate transactions including acquisitions and disposal of shares, cross-border loan transactions, and restructuring in China, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Advised extensively on conveyancing matters particularly on real estate sale and purchase, leasing, buy back and real estate investment.
Advised and litigated on specialised areas of laws of labour, employment, intellectual property (IP) and information technology (IT).
Set up, led and managed the “Ernst & Young Law Malaysia” within the E & Y global network achieving a complete global business solutions and one stop centre at Ernst & Young Malaysia.
Advised on all legal matters of other multi-disciplinary departments within Ernst & Young including corporate and commercial matters, intellectual property (IP), information technology (IT), corporate finance, acquisitions, with a focus on structuring of transactions, privatization projects, property conveyancing (real estate and properties matters) and listing exercise.
Conducted numerous trainings and gave seminars on related legal principles to the rest of the business units and management within the E & Y Malaysia.
Advised on the biggest multi-million dollars Merger & Acquisition in the region being the Merger & Acquisition between Ernst & Young Malaysia and Arthur Andersen Malaysia resulting in a full acquisition of Arthur Andersen by Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young being the leader amongst the.
Mexico, Denmark, UK, US (Houston, Texas, Alaska), Netherland, Middle East (Saudi, Bahrain, Dubai and Abu Dhabi), Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Myanmar, Vietnam, India, Indonesia, Timor Leste, Australia, Hong Kong and Greater China.
Underwent and successfully completed the challenging “Basic Offshore Safety Induction and Emergency Training Including Additional OLF Modules and Travel Safely by Boat (OPITO approved)” (“BOSIET”) on 16 May 2012 and be officially certified to be able to work offshore internationally.
Completed the Fellowship Assessment Course in November 2013 under the Singapore Institute of Arbitrators (SIArb) qualifying to be a professional arbitrator with the SIArb to arbitrate dispute.
Awarded the Malaysia’s prestigious Public Services Department scholarship for the final year of the law undergraduate degree in the University of South Wales, United Kingdom.
University of South Wales, UK (previously known as University of Glamorgan) (Year 1995).
Achieved first class grade in the module of “International Carriage of Goods”.
Achieved first class grade in the module of “Law Relating to Children”.
Achieved first class grade in the module of “English For Business and Advanced”.
Consistently scored an overall HIGH 2:2 in all the modules/subjects conducted for the whole.
University of South Wales, United Kingdom (previously known as University of Glamorgan).
Postgraduate qualification for practising law, recognised and equivalent to the UK Bar Final.
Completing the Master of Laws (LLM) with the University of London, specializing in International Trade and Maritime Laws.
“Dispute-Wise Executive Summary The Shifting Paradigm of Our Role as Corporate Counsel” organised by the “International Centre For Dispute Resolution (previously the “American Arbitration Association”) held on 3 December 2013.
"Doing More with Less: Controlling Costs While Enhancing Efficiencies" organised by “Global Association Outsourcing of lawyers (GOAL)” held on 24 & 25 September 2014.
"Metamorphosis of General Counsel" organised by “Corporate Counsel Forum Singapore” held on 30 October 2014.
“What Must Oil & Gas Companies and their law Firm Partners Do Differently to Ensure Our Future Industry is more Effective and Efficient (Collaboration, Leadership, Education,.
Compromise and Lessons Learned from this and Previous Downturns?” organised by “Oil & Gas Council” for the “2016 ASIA PACIFIC LEGAL RETREAT”, held on 14 July 2016.I am a lawyer with almost 9 years of combined post-qualification experience in the Philippines and Singapore. I have extensively handled commercial, technical, and IT contracts, both at a law firm and in-house. On top of my legal role, I have a considerable policy and regulatory experience in the capital and energy/electricity markets, specifically in fixed income securities and renewable energy.
I am currently based in Singapore and practising as an in-house lawyer for a boutique investment management and commodity & trade finance company. The technical nature of the fields I have worked in allowed me to learn and understand not only the legal aspect of the business, but the commercial and operational aspects as well. Moreover, the multi-jurisdictional nature of my role and the roles I have taken allows me to greatly expand my commercial law knowledge across different jurisdictions, as well as develop a valuable and transferable skill set in these dynamic and fast-paced fields.
Regularly provides legal support to all company departments (Human Resources, Accounts & Finance, IT, Operations, and Business Development).
Is responsible for preparing and reviewing all consultancy, agency and IT contracts, risk participation agreements, rebate and marketer agreements, subscription and share purchase agreements, shareholders agreements, other commercial and technical contracts, and all KYC documentation for all business lines of the Group.
Is regularly involved in the structuring of trade finance facilities.
Proposes the securities for each trade finance facility, depending on the trade flows, applicable jurisdiction, and the governing law of the transaction documents.
Gives advise and coordinates with external legal counsel on the validity and enforcement issues against the parties to the finance documents that are domiciled in different locations (Southeast Asia, China, India, Russian Federation, Middle East, Europe, Sub-Saharan Africa).
Gives advise on the choice of law and court issues arising from finance and transaction documents as the parties and the goods are located in multiple jurisdictions.
Gives advise on the operational and commercial implications of adopting a certain legal structure for a facility in view of its multi-jurisdictional nature and the different legal systems that may be involved.
Prepares all legal documentation and finance documents for trade finance facilities, including security documentation and risk participation agreements.
Has closed numerous trade finance, factoring, reverse factoring, syndicated loan agreements, and risk participation deals for the company.
Reviews ISDA Master Agreements for the group companies and funds, including the Schedules and side letters.
Responsible for IP-related matters affecting the company, including registration of trademark and trade name.
Handles compliance-related issues and works closely with the Compliance Officer on KYC, due diligence, and personal data protection matters.
drafted and reviewed service level contracts, non-disclosure agreements, maintenance agreements, and licensing contracts.
reviewed Terms of Reference (TOR) and Requests for Proposal (RFP) for potential contractors and consultants.
was part of the team that implemented Information Security Management System (ISMS) procedures to comply with ISO 27001 certification standards.
was part of a special team that drafted and created the Renewable Energy Market (REM) Rules and Must Dispatch Guidelines for Intermittent RE.
was actively involved in the drafting of the Feed-in Tariff Allowance Fund Collection and Disbursement Guidelines and the Renewable Portfolio Standards (RPS) Rules.
handled litigation matters before the Energy Regulatory Commission and the Supreme Court where the company was a party.
prepared and reviewed all contracts and agreements and market participation agreements.
advised on all legal and compliance issues affecting the business and operations of the company.
supervised and managed the listing and enrolment of securities for trading in the Philippine fixed income market.
managed the introduction and development of new financial instruments for trading on PDEx, such as mortgage-backed securities (“Bahay Bonds II”), asset-backed securities, and dollar-denominated onshore bonds.
prepared and established new rules and amendments to existing rules on the admission and enrolment of securities in the market (private placements, exchange-traded funds).
investigated noted violations by market participants of market rules and securities laws.
participated in the ASEAN+3 SRO Working Group and the Philippine Working Group of the ABMI ASEAN+3 Bond Market Forum.
conducted regulatory briefings for the market participants.
was responsible for the timely preparation and submission of reports and other requirements to the concerned regulatory agencies (SEC and Central Bank).
provided regulatory training and capacity building to the employees of the company.
spearheaded and introduced programmes for the development of the fixed income market such as the adoption of a tax-neutral bond formula, unification of the market to permit trading across tax categories.
led the procurement of the NASDAQ OMX-developed SMARTS Market Surveillance System for the market.
rendered legal opinions on the interpretation and application of corporation and securities laws and rules for the public and the different departments of the Commission.
reviewed contracts and drafted position papers on proposed legislation relating to corporation and securities laws and rules.
practised in the areas of corporate and commercial law, taxation, intellectual property, civil, criminal, and family law.
drafted, reviewed, and supervised the implementation of all kinds of commercial and technology contracts for individual and corporate clients.
performed corporate secretarial functions for numerous corporate clients, including the preparation of minutes of the meeting, agenda, meeting materials, corporate housekeeping, and the timely submission of other reportorial requirements to the concerned regulatory agencies.
handled labour-related issues and appeared before the National Labour Relations Commission in labour cases.
Basic Wholesale Electricity Spot Market Operations  December 2012.
Power Systems Engineering for Non-Engineers   February 2013.
Training on Retail Competition and Open Access  February 2013.
Advanced Wholesale Electricity Spot Market Operations April 2013.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Internal Audit Training June 2014.
Contracting with Iranian Companies for Offshore Projects          April 2016.
General Counsel – Securities and Exchange Commission (ret.).
President, National Home Mortgage Finance Corporation (NHMFC).Effective, proficient and driven Banking and Finance Legal Associate seeking a role in the Banking and Finance legal sector by offering experience in project finance, trade finance, aviation finance, shipping finance, general corporate finance, OTC derivative contracts; supplemented with experience in transactional tax, international tax, corporate tax structuring, mergers and acquisition tax and experience in corporate secretarial work.
Corporate restructuring, Corporate tax, Interpretation of legislation, Legal Drafting, M&A tax.Nishimura & Asahi is an international law firm that provides a full range of legal services. It is the largest law firm in Japan with more than 500 lawyers and has offices in various parts of Japan, Bangkok, Beijing, Shanghai, Dubai, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh, Jakarta, Yangon, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Corporate & Commercial – Prepare and review various types of agreement, advise on regulatory and compliance matters, involved in negotiations with counterparties and working with local counsels, etc:.
Advises a public listed company in Japan with presence in Singapore on agreements relating to their day-to-day operations such as preparing distributorship agreement, business consulting agreement, equipment lease agreement, employment agreement, advising on secondment of employees to other countries, etc.
Assisting in corporate crisis management matter of a Japanese company with subsidiary in Singapore and Malaysia such as investigation of embezzlement by an employee of a company by conducting interviews, reviewing documentation and liaising with authorities.
Review employment agreement, employment handbook for a Japanese companies in Malaysia.
Review warehousing agreement and logistic services agreement for a Japanese company with presence in Singapore and Malaysia.
Land transaction – Works with local counsel on land transactions in Malaysia, prepare and review sale and purchase agreement on land, advise on completion, etc.
M&A deals - Involved in various cross border M&A deals, working with lawyers across jurisdictions, reviewing legal due diligence reports, preparing or reviewing transactional documents such as the share sale agreement, shareholders agreement, etc and preparing for completion:.
Involved in the acquisition of a majority stake in a car parking operator business in Australia, Singapore and Malaysia by a Japanese public listed company including reviewing legal due diligence report,  share sale deed, shareholders deed and other transactional documents and attending to completion.
Involved in an acquisition of a majority stake in a Malaysian listed company by a Japanese listed company triggering a mandatory takeover offer leading to an unconditional mandatory takeover exercise to acquire the remaining shares in a Malaysian listed company.
Involved in an acquisition of a majority stake in a Malaysian company by a Japanese company in the internet retail sale business in Singapore and Malaysia including reviewing legal due diligence report,  sale and purchase agreement and other transactional documents and attending to completion.
Involved in the acquisition of a majority stake in a Malaysian group companies by a Japanese company in the marine propeller business including reviewing legal due diligence report,  sale and purchase agreement and other transactional documents and attending to completion.
Set up in 2006, Opal Lawyers LLC is a niche legal practice specializing in corporate and corporate finance work covering 4 main areas namely IPO, M&A, Corporate actions of public listed companies and listing and corporate compliance.
- Distribution and licensing of high end kitchen products in Indonesia by a listed company  in Singapore including preparation of licensing agreement.
- Preparation of service agreements and addendums to service agreements for directors  and attending to related queries.
- Preparation of shareholders loan agreement for a warehousing project in Shanghai for a  listed company in Singapore.
- Joint venture and sub licensing of a popular Japanese ramen restaurant in China and  Hong  Kong including review of shareholders agreement, trademark sub license  agreement, head planning operation agreement, sub planning operation agreement,  trademark license agreement; liaising with Hong Kong lawyer, and attending to  completion of the same.
- Preparation of franchise agreement of a popular chain of restaurants which serves  Chinese cuisine in Singapore.
- Initial Public Offering exercises of companies in the renewable energy sector and carpet business on Catalist including assisting in the drafting of offer document; attending and preparing interview notes with the major suppliers, customers, directors, substantial shareholders; service agreements for directors, reviewing the legal due diligence report prepared by foreign counsel and other related works;.
- Acquisition of a popular pre-school television series in Australia by a listed group  in Singapore including preparation of the asset purchase agreement, deed of assignments on the trademark and non-trademark rights, letter of guarantee, escrow agreement; conduct of the legal due diligence exercise including reviewing various composer agreement, royalty deeds, script and production agreements, etc; liaising with Australian lawyer and attending to completion exercise of the same.
- Acquisition of a leading entertainment exhibitor by a listed group in Singapore including  preparation of the sale and purchase agreement, shareholders agreement, service  agreement for key personnel, escrow agreement and loan agreement, liaising with foreign  counsels, and attending to completion exercise of the same.
- Acquisition of a content and format distribution company by a listed group in Singapore including preparation of sale and purchase agreement, shareholders agreement,  service agreement; conduct of the legal due diligence exercise; preparing  announcement and board resolutions approving the acquisition; and attending to completion exercise of the same.
- Acquisition of the Asia operation of an intellectual property based operating company with live entertainment studios with offices in New York, Las Vegas and Houston by a listed group in Singapore including preparation of the sale and purchase agreement, shareholders agreement, shareholders loan agreement; conduct to legal due diligence exercise; liaising with US lawyer and attending to completion exercise of the same.
- Investment by a private fund in a company managing a popular children entertainment  television series including preparation of the redeemable secured notes agreement,  memorandum of charge and corporate guarantee.
- Investment by several investors in a company involved in the production of animated  movies  including preparation of shareholders and subscription agreement.
- Investment by several investors in a company involved in the development of motion  picture including preparation of a convertible notes agreement.
- Disposal of Malaysian subsidiaries of a listed company in Singapore including preparation  of the memorandum of understanding, sale and purchase agreement, trading agreement  and the necessary board resolutions; liaising with Malaysian lawyer, and attending to  completion of the same.
- Disposal of a majority stake in the subsidiary of a listed company in Singapore in metal  logistics business to a global merchandiser of commodities including preparation of the  sale and purchase agreement, shareholders agreement, service agreement, board  resolutions and  attending to completion exercise of the same.
-  Joint venture to acquire and develop a piece of land in Singapore into a high end  residential project for sale as strata units listed company in Singapore including  preparation of a memorandum of understanding, joint venture agreement and  announcement.
- Joint venture to undertake the business of managing a service office by a listed company  in Singapore including preparation of the joint venture agreement and announcement.
- Joint venture exercise in a Hong Kong company to undertake the sale and distribution of imported kitchen systems, kitchen appliances,  wardrobe systems, household furniture and accessories and grant of trademark license to the joint venture company by a listed company in Singapore including preparation of the joint venture agreement, trademark license agreement and announcement.
- Sale of shares in a manufacturing and sale of metal precision components company in  Singapore including preparation of sale of shares agreement and attending to completion of the same.
- Subscription of convertible bond in a company which own one of the largest marble  resource in Southeast Asia including preparation of a term sheet, convertible note  agreement, deed of guarantee, put option agreement, supplemental agreement, board  resolution and attending to completion of the same.
- Joint venture exercise by a listed company in Singapore in a company in the supply of rigging and mooring equipments and related services in the marine and offshore oil and gas industry in Thailand including preparation of the joint venture agreement and announcement, liaising with the Thailand lawyer and review of documents in relation to the Thai joint venture company.
*Reference letter by my supervising partner of the firm to be furnished upon request.
A boutique legal firm founded by Foong Chee Meng in 2003 specializes in corporate commercial, capital markets and corporate finance work.
Handled listing exercises of several local manufacturing companies in the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange.
Handled  listing exercises of Chinese companies in the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange.
Handled a capital reduction exercise by a public company triggering a mandatory takeover exercise.
Advised a  listed company in the acquisition of a local shipping group.
Handled the acquisition and disposal of high end properties by public listed companies.
Involved in the restructuring of a money-lending transaction for one of the major non-financial institution players in the niche cooperative market.
Handled the restructuring of leasing business of a leading business systems and solutions company.
Handled the due diligence exercise of the Malaysian subsidiaries for a Catalist listing.
Advised foreign investors on the various aspects of commencing and conducting business operations in Malaysia and assisted in applications for regulatory approvals, permits and licences.
Drafted the necessary agreements for a share sale transaction.
Acted for an investment bank in relation to the provision of margin financing facilities to BVI companies by drafting the necessary loan agreements and security documents.
Acted for an investment bank in relation to the provision of term loan facilities to a public listed company by drafting the necessary loan agreements and security documents.
Acted for an investment bank in relation to the provision of loan to a public listed companies involving securities in several jurisdictions.
Advised public listed companies for corporate loan transactions.
Founded in 1999, Jeff Leong, Poon & Wong has since been officially recognized by the independent "Asia Pacific Legal 500" publication as one of the top and recommended law firms in  in the areas of capital markets, corporate & commercial and banking & finance law.
Involved in the amalgamation exercise of Nokia Siemens Networks Multimedia Sdn Bhd and Nokia Siemens Networks Sdn Bhd.
Involved in the transfer to Main Board and special issue exercise of a listed company who is a developer, manufacturer, marketer and distributor of computer hardware, software, information technology systems and digital surveillance security systems.
Involved in the National Game Engine Project, a project funded by the Malaysian government.
Involved in the project in implementing an electronic payment services system in  for a leading solution provider in.
Involved in the project in introducing a new type of baccarat game to both the Macau and local casino in  by an American corporation.
Advised on employment and Petronas licences issues for the world's largest providers of shallow water offshore drilling and liftboat services.
Advised on data protection law and related queries for various multinational companies.
Advised on internet start-up business such as licences, permits, registrations, approvals or other applications required to conduct businesses such as e-auction, jobs search, selling of automobiles and properties, free tickets and lucky draws through its website.
Advised on Malaysian law compliance on a lucky draw conducted by a global leader in flash memory cards.
Advised on the business model and operation of moneylenders market on an online platform.
Advised on the law and practices of gaming in  and provide quarterly updates.
Advised various multinational companies on setting up Multimedia Super Corridor (“MSC”) companies in Malaysia and assisted in their applications.
Advised on MSC queries posed by an American multinational computer technology corporation.
Advised on employment issues for a multinational group of manufacturing and services providing companies activities in healthcare, flow control, security, telecommunications and electronics.
Advised on Malaysian law compliance for an online project which provides web 2.0 Collaboration platform for lawyers which enables attorneys, whether in-house counsel or private practitioners, to connect and share information virtually for an American corporation.
Advised on the offering of random prize draws to respondents of its online surveys and details of any permit / application process in  for a global market researcher.
Review terms and conditions for the sale and purchase of a  operation by a  company specializing in the development and manufacturing of high-performance materials and custom-engineered components.
Review a product loan and limited license agreement for a company specializing in the development and customized engineering solutions.
Drafted a service engagement agreement to provide the services of e-recruitment solution software for a leading online recruitment portal in.
Drafted / reviewed several other types of agreements such as subcontracting, technical and software agreements.
Assisted in provision of software escrow arrangement services to a local bank.
Handled corporate secretarial works for the Technopreneurs Association of Malaysia, a society formed by Malaysian technopreneurs to further the interests of technopreneurs and to assist in the development of the digital economy in Malaysia.
Corporate / Commercial - Drafted and/or reviewed various types of agreements such as memorandum of understanding, joint ventures, shareholders, sale of shares, subscription, merchant, teaming, collaboration, dealership, deed of assignment, trust, publishing, tenancy agreements. Advised on shareholders registration rules, selling restrictions in , capital reduction scheme, bribery, products recall, money-lending/laundering, gambling matters, data protection law, etc.
Corporate secretarial works - Acted as company secretaries for private companies.
Employment – Advised on various employment issues such as application of employment passes for expatriates, sale of business transactions involving employee issues, reviewing employment terms and conditions and assisting in the publication of an employment guide book.
Intellectual Property – Assisted in the application of trade marks, drafting of IP licence agreement, etc.
Corporate Exercises - Involved in various corporate exercises such as acquisitions, foreign listing in both AIM and Catalist markets, transfer to Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange Main Board, private placements, restructuring exercises, rights issue, bonus issue and capital reduction exercise. Advised on issues involving the Foreign Investment Committee, Petronas licences, Bumiputera restrictions in government licences/permits and assisted in the stamp duty applications / exemptions.
Franchise - Advised and assisted international franchisors in the setting up of their franchise business in Malaysia including the registration process with the Registrar of Franchise, reviewing franchise agreements and advising them in their franchise operation in Malaysia.
Qualification : Certificate of Legal Practice (CLP) conferred by the Legal.
Qualification : Bachelor of Law LLB (Hons) conferred by the Oxford Brookes.
Qualification : Diploma in Law conferred by KDU College, Malaysia on a 2+1.
Qualification         :      ICSA International Qualifying Scheme conferred by the.
Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
Awarded the Malayan Law Journal Book Prize in 2001 for obtaining the best results in final examinations of Diploma in Law.
Awarded the STAR Education Fund Scholarship for the study of Diploma in Law (2 years) in KDU College.AVP, Trustee Services  at   HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited.
Senior Associate  at   ChrisChong & CT Ho Partnership July 2013  -  October 2013  (4 months).
Associate  at   ChrisChong & CT Ho Partnership July 2011  -  June 2013  (2 years).
Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.), 2nd Class (Upper) Honours, Law, 2005 - 2009.Gender: Male Nationality: Singaporean Nric: S8324873D.
______________________________________________________________________________.
I would like to excel in this industry and to further my knowledge and gain hands-on experiences in all possible matters. A quick learner of complex concepts and process-oriented issues, I am eager to broaden these competencies. Given the opportunity, I believed I would be able to meet, or even exceed, what is required of me at work with my meticulous attitude and well-organized personality. Therefore, I would very much like to have the opportunity to grow with your company and to have the podium to execute what I have learnt.
2014 – 2016 Lion Trust Singapore Limited Compliance Manager, Legal & Compliance.
Support the management in developing the compliance function in the company.
Improve & establish controls and procedures, liaising with relevant authorities to ensure that the company is compliant with all relevant legal, tax and regulatory requirements & reporting.
Develop, enhance and implement changes and improvements to the company’s internal control and internal check processes.
The preparation of and regular updating of the company’s Compliance Manual.
Prepare quarterly reports on risk & compliance findings and annual report on key compliance issues the company’s Board of Directors for their review.
Contribute to the promotion and development of a compliance culture within the company.
Company Projects partaken / take charge; Enterprises Risk Management, Compliance System upgrades, CRM system integration.
2012 – 2014 Dairy Farm Singapore Pte Ltd Legal Executive, Risk & Compliance.
Conduct risk assessments & gap analysis on current business practices in compliance with existing corporate governance.
Issues procedures & guidelines on company policies & provides guidance to business units on compliance matters.
Review & handles third party claims, directing insurers, adjustors, business units throughout the claim process.
Assist business units on contentious matters, (including debt recovery, property damage, supplier disputes, landlord tenant disputes, commercial disputes); conducting fact and evidence gathering, rendering advice on position and implications and propose formal or alternative resolutions.
Provide contract reviews and recommendations to business units on contractual negotiations with external parties.
Partake in department’s policies & projects for implementation across company level.
Provide directions in accordance and in compliance with new/changes in relevant Acts, Regulations and Guidelines management.
Implement Company Group Projects; Personal Data Protection Act, Corporate rebranding, Lemon Law, (Interpretation, Notification,.
Planning, Training, Auditing, Assessment of Results until Handover).
2011 – 2012 Bank of China Officer, Business Department/Branches.
Verification and approval of OTC applications and transactions.
Review account opening process and enhanced due diligence process.
Review high-risk accounts identified under the bank’s risk-based approach applicable using enhanced due diligence  Conduct sample checking to review completeness of KYC and customer due diligence documentations.
Conduct checks pertaining to specific aspects of the branch operations in compliance with Bank’s policies and operational guidelines.
Review and maintain client information and account documentation.
Assist management in producing metrics for reporting purposes.
2010 – 2011 Bank of New York, Mellon Global Custody Ops Analyst, Asset Transfers.
In charge of Asian Markets (Main: Japan, Covered: Hong Kong, China, India, Thailand,).
Liaised with Global clients, Custodians & Business units in all trades matters.
Established good relationships with clients via quality advice & excellent service.
Ensured quick resolution of market failures and reports to management.
Reviewed operational procedures, liaised with other team leads on operational efficiency, and thereafter presentation to management for approval.
Resolved trades queries, requests & discrepancies within stipulated datelines.
Ensured efficient & timely trade executions and asset transfers.
Ensured reports are in compliance with Standard Operating Procedures and to rectify all outstanding report errors.
Adhered to trade regulations, market procedures & Service Level Agreements ensuring timely accurate delivery of work.
Ensured compliance of relevant departments relating to Securities and Futures Act and other relevant legislations and requirements.
2007-  2009 United Overseas Bank  Officer, Branch Operations.
Main basis of duties; Cash Officer, Cheque Officer, Corporate Accounts Officer, Personal Account Officer.
Coached junior staff on the importance of cross selling products and services and making referrals to other business units where applicable.
Handled new accounts acquisitions and maintain long term, profitable relationships.
Ensured compliance on Know Your Client (“KYC”) requirements, Anti Money Laundering (AML), Counter Terror Funding and other legislations as required by the relevant authority.
Understood and implemented Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) requirements and FATF 40+9 recommendations.
Understand and implement the global standard on KYC and AML requirements and recommendations.
Reviewed & ensured Due Diligence by making sure transactions and documentation are performed efficiently and accurately without compromising the regulatory compliance standards set out by the bank or the relevant authority.
Communicates well in both English and Chinese; Mandarin. (Written and spoken).
Good investigative skills & resourceful in fact finding, profiling &  assessment of facts.
Ability to interpret new acts and communicates business impact.
Regulatory reporting, Risk based approach (“RBA”) Compliance & Sanctions Compliance.
Well versed in compliance systems; World Check, World Check One, Accuity & Factiva.
Trained in MasNet, STRO, S.W.I.F.T, AS400, CRM, SAP, iBanking and Main Frame system.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word etc).
Good knowledge of assets management, banking & financial instruments.
Well versed in assets servicing, custody & trade operations systems.
Industry Courses/Events attended (MAS & relevant board events & seminars, industry events (re: GRC & AML/CFT,  ERM & Technology Risk), Personal Data Protection Act, Data Privacy).
Certified in various other Operational Compliance certificates, Self Development (7 Habits of Highly Effective People) & Customer Service courses by United Overseas Bank, Singapore Quality Centre, Tourism Management Institute of Singapore.
UOB and BNY internal awards, complimentary letters & feedback from both internal & external customers.
SPRING Singapore; Excellent Service Award (EXSA) – STAR award 2009.
Represented the below clubs in inter-constituency and cup competitions (Bukit Panjang Csc, Sembawang Csc, Bukit Batok Rc, Yee Tee Zone 5).
Represented the below clubs in cup competitions (Milo cup, U17, U19).Relationship Status: Married           Nationality: Indian        Visa status:  Employment Pass.
Able to work independently and in a high performance environment.
Able to work independently and in a high performance environment.
Possess a keen eye for details and the ability to tackle the issue at its root.
Ability to formulate action plans with strong presentation and communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, hardworking and committed to excellence.
Ability to lead and inspire a team and adapt to changes while managing demanding workload.
Possess a keen eye for details and the ability to tackle the issue at its root.
Ability to formulate action plans with strong presentation and communication skills, exceptional interpersonal skills, hardworking and committed to excellence.
Ability to lead and inspire a team and adapt to changes while managing demanding workload.
In house IT in-charge (server admin, access control etc.); and.
Secretarial and other administrative responsibilities, as and when required.
In house IT in-charge (server admin, access control etc.); and.
Secretarial and other administrative responsibilities, as and when required.
Prepare and file documents in relation to the filing and renewal of trademarks, patent, copyright and design rights;.
Prepare courts documents in relation to the infringement suits.
Prepare and file documents in relation to the filing and renewal of trademarks, patent, copyright and design rights;.
Prepare courts documents in relation to the infringement suits.
Prepare and file documents in relation to the filing and renewal of TVS trademarks and design right;.
Give presentations and seminars on the significance and benefits on international trademark registrations.
Prepare and file documents in relation to the filing and renewal of TVS trademarks and design right;.
Give presentations and seminars on the significance and benefits on international trademark registrations.
Carry out secretarial and other administrative responsibilities, as and when required.
Carry out secretarial and other administrative responsibilities, as and when required.Supporting various business units and support units including Private Wealth, Premier Wealth, Bancassurance, Deposits, Risk and Compliance.
Drafting and reviewing legal documentation relating to new products, onboarding of mutual funds, structured products and PE funds as well as transactions with customers of the bank.
Advising and assisting in the implementation and launch of new products and processes.
Providing legal advice and workaround solutions to the business units.
Corporate Commercial Department – Partner                   July 2013 – February 2014.
Drafting and reviewing various corporate and commercial contracts including sale and purchase agreements, agency agreements, joint venture agreements, shareholders’ and subscription agreements, non-disclosure agreements, services agreements and business transfer agreements.
Advising on employment matters which include (i) drafting and reviewing employment contracts and employment handbooks, (ii) advising on restraint of trade, solicitation clauses, s18A transfers under the Employment Act, transfers of employees between legal entities in connection with divestments of businesses, and (iii) employee stock option schemes.
Advising on the establishment of business entities in Singapore, corporate restructuring and drafting of corporate secretarial documentation.
Managing legal due diligence processes in relation to the acquisition of shares.
Advising on various legal aspects of corporate and commercial issues.
Co-presented at the EMBA corporate talk organized by the ESSEC Business School on the “Tax, Regulation and Investment Environment in Singapore”.
Corporate Department – Foreign Registered Lawyer / Associate       February 2011 – December 2012.
Acquisition by Wing Hing International (Holdings) Limited (now known as Taung Gold International Limited) of Taung Gold Limited: Assisted in the closing and completion of the acquisition as part of the team acting for Wing Hing International (Holdings) Limited.
Advised a Shanghai-based PE firm in its proposed investment in an AIM-listed PRC group: Responsible for drafting the transaction documents.
Participated in advising a Swiss aviation services company in its proposed joint venture with a Hong Kong Stock Exchange-listed company to provide aviation services in the PRC, Hong Kong and Macau: Assisted in documentations such as the shareholders’ agreement and disclosure letters.
Advised Deutsche Bank and BOCI (as sponsors) in connection with the proposed listing of a PRC shipping company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Advised an Australian financial adviser on its cash confirmation exercise in connection with a general cash offer by a listed company in its share repurchase exercise.
Advised a fund, comprising limited partners who are PRC state-owned companies, on its proposed investment in a company with mining operations in Mongolia: Responsible for drafting the share purchase agreement, shareholders’ agreement and share charge.
Corporate and Capital Markets Department – Associate                              June 2010 – December 2010.
Assisted in the preparation of applications by alternative investment funds for CMS licenses.
Sale of the Asia Renal Care group by the Bumrungrad group to Fresenius Medical Care: Assisted in the closing and completion of the sale as part of the team acting for the Bumrungrad group.
Acted as company’s counsel in a proposed secondary listing of new shares (including an international placement to institutional and other investors outside the United States in reliance on Regulation “S” and “qualified institutional buyers” in reliance on Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act) on the Main Board of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX-ST”).
Acted as issue managers’ international counsel in a proposed initial public offering (“IPO”) of shares (including an international placement to institutional and other investors outside the United States in reliance.
Corporate Real Estate Department – Pupil and Associate                        June 2005, December 2005 – August 2006.
Acted as counsel to either vendors, purchasers/developers in various collective and individual sale and purchase of residential and commercial developments.
Capital Markets Department – Associate / Senior Associate                                                August 2006 – March 2010.
Acted for Keppel Corporation Limited in the structuring and establishment of a S$1 billion structured notes programme. The first issues of structured notes under the programme are two tranches of commodity linked guaranteed notes, making this the first retail structured note offering by a non-financial institution in Singapore.
Acted for UBS AG and HSBC, as the joint lead underwriters and bookrunners for the IPO of units in MacarthurCook Industrial REIT (comprising an international placement under Regulation "S" of the U.S. Securities Act) on the SGX-ST, which raised gross proceeds of approximately S$297 million.
Acted for First Resources Limited in the IPO of its shares (including an international placement to institutional and other investors outside the United States in reliance on Regulation “S” and “qualified institutional buyers” in reliance on Rule 144A of the U.S. Securities Act) in connection with its listing on the SGX-ST, which raised gross proceeds of approximately S$284.6 million.
Acted for J.P. Morgan, Citigroup and DBS Bank, as the joint lead managers and underwriters for the follow-on offering of units in CapitaRetail China Trust (comprising a private placement under Regulation "S" of the U.S. Securities Act) on the SGX-ST, which raised gross proceeds of approximately S$188 million.
Acted for Sapphire Corporation Limited in its issue of an aggregate principal amount of S$35 million 1.25 per cent. convertible bonds due 2011.
Acted for First Resources Limited in relation to the issue of an aggregate principal amount of US$100 million 5.625 per cent. convertible bonds due 2014.
Acted for Cazenove Asia (a Standard Chartered group company), as the sole underwriter for the rights issue undertaken by Otto Marine Limited, which raised gross proceeds of approximately S$119 million.
Acted as transaction counsel on various rights issues and private placements.
Advised both foreign and Singapore listed companies in general corporate, advisory and regulatory matters.
ABN AMRO BANK N.V. - Officer, Global Corporate Banking (Loan Products, Credit Structuring)          November 2000 – April 2001.
Liaised with clients on matters relating to loans, deposits and utilization of credit facilities.
Assisted in the review process of existing and new clients for the extension of banking facilities.
Prepared financial spreadsheets from clients’ annual reports for analysis.
Assisted relationship managers in the extension of offers and in the completion of contracts.
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), MERIT, Major in Finance.
Advocate and Solicitor, Supreme Court of Singapore                         20 May 2006.
Attorney, Supreme Court of the State of  New York                                    21 February 2013.Please consider this letter as my formal application for a position at your organisation presenting my background, education and experience. I enclose herewith my curricular vitae for your review.
Until last year, I held the position of Senior Legal Manager in the Private Wealth Practice Group within the Corporate Department at RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP (“RHTTW”). I left my position to spend time and to take care of my late father who was terminally ill. Now that I am able to return to work, I wish to explore other opportunities, in particular positions outside of private practice. With my diverse experience, I am certain that I can be an asset to your organisation.
I graduated with a law degree from the University of Sheffield in 2004 and completed the Bar Vocational Course at the Inns of Court School of Law in London in 2005. I was subsequently called to the Bar at the Honourable Society of Lincoln’s Inn on 4th November 2005. Later, I read chambers in Lee Hishammuddin Allen & Gledhill (“LHAG”), Kuala Lumpur and was enrolled as an Advocate and Solicitor of the High Court of Malaya on 17th May 2007.
I was retained as a Legal Associate at LHAG in the general litigation team but decided to move to Singapore in December 2009 and joined the litigation team at Haridass Ho & Partners (“HHP”) as a Legal Executive. Thereafter, I applied and was offered the position of Foreign Associate at KhattarWong (“KW”) and joined the corporate department at KW in September 2010. In an unprecedented move, 24 partners left KW and started up a full service breakaway firm now known as RHTTW in mid 2011 and I was invited by my direct supervising partner to continue working as part of his team at RHTTW.
My duties at RHTTW generally included advising on succession planning (e.g. wills and probate, trusts), general corporate work and occasionally assisting on immigration and employment matters. I also assisted different partners in drafting various corporate documents (including but not limited to, loan agreements, shareholders’ agreements, sale and purchase agreements, non-disclosure agreements, board resolutions, deeds, applications to the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Land Dealings Authority), conducting due diligence on target companies, incorporate companies, advising and assisting on employment matters, and assisting in loan financing deals. Many of these matters involved cross border transactions, hence, required cross jurisdiction co-operation with foreign counsels.
As a Senior Legal Manager, I worked independently, albeit under the supervision of the relevant partners, and I was frequently the main contact person for the files under my care. I learnt to build relationships, manage expectations and develop rapport with the various parties including clients and intermediaries. I also managed and supervised junior associates, practice trainees and interns who assisted in my matters.
Aside from servicing clients, I also assisted in preparing various collaterals and brochures for the Private Wealth practice group at RHTTW, wrote and updated internal memorandums (on immigration, employment laws and trusts), developed precedents for the use of one of the companies under the RHT group of companies, and I also sat on a 2 person panel at an internal “continuing legal education” seminar for RHTTW lawyers in November last year, to discuss Elder Law and how to deal with older clients. I was also responsible for drafting, collating and submitting entries for the “Buzz”, a quarterly newsletter circulated among the Private Wealth teams in the Taylor Wessing family.
In 2013, I was selected by the firm to be seconded to our London office for 1 week, as well as to attend the Taylor Wessing Private Client Academy. The annual event is attended by partners and associates from the various international Taylor Wessing offices who assemble to discuss the trends in the Private Client industry and the developments of the laws in relevant jurisdictions.
In the same year, I was also seconded for 2 months to the Technology and Operations legal team at DBS Bank, Singapore. During my secondment, my duties included servicing the various technology and operation teams within DBS Bank, and advise them on the various documents they received/obtained (including, but not limited to, injunctions, bankruptcy searches and grants of probate) as well as review and amend various agreements for the teams (including, but not limited to, service agreements, non-disclosure agreements, novation agreements, deed of appointments and release).
From the various experiences above, I have learnt to hone my leadership, inter-personal, organisational and time management skills. Along the way, I have also learnt how to work as part of a team in stressful conditions as well as how to work independently with minimal supervision. I have gained many invaluable experiences, all of which have enhanced my formal education. These experiences have certainly prepared me to face any future undertakings.
I hope that on consideration of my CV, you will be convinced of my potential as a suitable candidate to join your establishment. If you require any further information or references please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for taking the time to consider my application and I look forward to hearing from you.
Course  Bar Vocational Course 2004/2005 (Postgraduate Diploma in Professional Legal.
Skills)  (Option Modules: Advance Criminal Litigation, Employment Law).
Qualification:  South Australian Matriculations (A levels equivalent).
Subjects taken: English as Second Language, Legal Studies, Economics, Accounting Studies, Mathematics.
Qualification:  Malaysian Education Certificate (O-levels Equivalent).
Subjects taken: Malay Language, English Language, Mathematics, History, Moral, Additional Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Principles of Accounts.
24 November 2005 Admitted into the Honourable Society of Lincoln’s Inn as a barrister of the English bar.
17 May 2007  Enrolled as an Advocate and Solicitor of the High Court of Malaya.
Co-author of the article “Back to the future: the quantum mechanics of loss of inheritance claims in Singapore”, published in the Journal of International Tax, Trust and Corporate Planning, 2015, Volume 22, Issue 4.
Please find below a non-exhaustive description of my portfolio of work understaken whislt working at RHTLaw Taylor Wessing:.
Assisting in the set-up and advising on planning and trust structures tailored to the particular circumstances of high net worth clients, with the aim of helping preserve, build and maintain wealth and establish trusts. Assisted in the set-up of traditional family trusts, bare trusts, will trusts, standby trusts as well as private trust company structures based in Singapore and other trust jurisdictions.
Advising the client and drafting bespoke Singapore Wills (and codicils) for both foreign and local clients.
Assisting clients in preparing and registering Lasting Powers of Attorneys and Advance Medical Directives.
Preparing advice and legal opinions on various matters (e.g. validity of foreign Wills in Singapore and its susceptibility to challenges by foreign Muslim beneficiaries, the potential infringement of Singapore laws in relation to foreign trusts owning residential properties in Singapore, etc.).
Assisting MNCs and large Asian based corporations in their cross-border mergers and acquisitions and private equity investments. Transactions include:.
assisting on a S$25 million financing loan from the International Finance Corporation, the private sector investment arm of the World Bank, in relation to the client’s business expansion;.
assisting a client in relation to a US$100 million investment by a private equity investor; and.
assisting an early stage coal and iron ore mining company in its US$50 million investment from an Australian financier to fund, develop and operate iron ore and mining projects in Indonesia.
Experience in general corporate matters and transactions including cross-border corporate restructurings, joint ventures, establishing new businesses and assisting clients in drafting a broad range of contracts.
Advising on general corporate matters (loan agreements, shareholders’ agreements, sale and purchase agreements, non-disclosure agreements, board resolutions, deeds, applications to the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Land Dealings Authority) matters as well as adcising on immigration and employment matters (e.g. employment agreements, applications for employment passes, etc).
Kindly find non-exhaustive, brief descriptions of the scope of my duties listed below:.
Assisting supervising partner in litigious matters heard at both the Subordinate Court and High Court. My duties include drafting various documents, among others, pleadings, submissions, affidavits and witness statements; collating evidence and interviewing witnesses; and conducting legal research on various issues relevant to the matters. Assisting in preparations for Alternative Dispute Resolution (“ADR”) sessions, e.g. Arbitration and Mediation, in preparing and drafting relevant documents such as pleadings, submissions, etc. Attending and assisting partners at Court and ADR hearings. Matters I have assisted in range from, among others, claim for damages (e.g. arising from breach of contracts, negligence), to maritime law matters.
Drafting advice relating to their prospects in non-litigious matters as well as advising them on their options and prospects in commencing or defending legal actions and in circumstances arising from on-going litigation matters. Matters I have assisted in range from, among others, debt recovery (for services rendered and breach of contracts), and tenancy and freight agreements disputes, and claims against companies facing corporate insolvency.
Conducting and defending civil suits in the subordinate courts (claims between RM5,000.00 and RM250,000.00). Assisting partners and senior associates in High Court, Court of Appeal and Federal Court matters (all claims exceeding RM250,000.00 and in appeal applications). In conducting and assisting matters, I was required to draft various documents, among others, pleadings, interlocutory applications, affidavits, submissions, and witness statements; conduct interlocutory applications hearings, and manage all litigation files in my care. I assisted in matters ranging from, among others, debt recovery (for goods sold and delivered; breach of contracts, guarantees, lease agreements, loan facilities), to land acquisition, defamation, negligence and copyright.
Conducted execution of judgments by way of conducting bankruptcy proceedings, winding up proceedings, and judgment debtor summons.
Providing advice to clients in relation to their prospects and options in commencing legal proceedings and in circumstances arising from on-going litigation matters. Providing advice to a large international tobacco company in its dealings with various government departments, officers and the Malaysian Anti Corruption Commission, in the control of tobacco products in Malaysia, in its proposals in marketing strategies, and updating the client and its international counsels of amendments to the regulations and laws of Malaysia. Further advice provided on records management and retention issues, an analysis of the current judiciary, unconventional forums, and rights to participation in legislative process in Malaysia.
Technology and Operations legal team at DBS Bank, Singapore.
PT Foundation Committee, Kuala Lumpur Bar Legal Aid Service.
Kuala Lumpur Bar Legal Aid Service, (PT Foundation Programme) Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Advice Clinic, Inns of Court School of Law, London, United Kingdom.Legal aid in New Zealand.  Mainly responsible for giving advice on employment and family matters.  Occasionally advised on immigration laws and assisting in refugee matters.
Legal aid in New Zealand.  Mainly responsible for giving advice on employment and family matters.  Occasionally advised on immigration laws and assisting in refugee matters.
Was awarded the AIA Rising Stars Award in the first year of employment.
Was awarded the AIA Rising Stars Award in the first year of employment.
Interned under Mr Goush Marican in the Wet Shipping department.
Interned under Mr Goush Marican in the Wet Shipping department.
Employed as a concierge consultant on a 3-month contract.  Job entails concierge services for medical emergencies, as well as lifestyle concierge services for exclusive credit card holders.
Employed as a concierge consultant on a 3-month contract.  Job entails concierge services for medical emergencies, as well as lifestyle concierge services for exclusive credit card holders.
Employed on a contract basis upon the completion of National Service.  Perform a wide scope of administrative and compliance duties inter alia AML/CFT checks on clients and assessing whether a particular client had sufficient education, investment and work experience to invest in specific investment products.  Trained to utilise software such as AS400, and visual info client.
Employed on a contract basis upon the completion of National Service.  Perform a wide scope of administrative and compliance duties inter alia AML/CFT checks on clients and assessing whether a particular client had sufficient education, investment and work experience to invest in specific investment products.  Trained to utilise software such as AS400, and visual info client.
Higher Secondary/Pre-U/"A" Level in Mathematics & Sciences | Singapore.
Higher Secondary/Pre-U/"A" Level in Mathematics & Sciences | Singapore.
Drafting, Legal Research, Presentation Skills, Sales And Marketing.
Drafting, Legal Research, Presentation Skills, Sales And Marketing.
Anywhere in Singapore, Anywhere in China, Australia & New Zealand.
Anywhere in Singapore, Anywhere in China, Australia & New Zealand.Sunil Rai (LLB 2nd Upper, MBA) - Recognised as one of Singapore's most influential lawyers under age of 40 in 2016 by Singapore Business Review and “Notable Practitioner’  In IFLR1000  2018 for Financial and Corporate Law, SMC Accredited Mediator.
Address: Blk 1E Pinnacle@Duxton Cantonment Road S(085501).
(Oldest and one of the largest law firms in Singapore – Client Choice winner for Singapore 2014; Tier 1 for M&A in ALB Rankings 2016).
Partner in Corporate, M&A and Investment Funds Practice Groups.
Actively involved in the following areas of corporate practice:.
General Corporate and Commercial law (including IP licensing, shareholder matters and contract negotiations).
Investments and Divestments by Companies and Investment Funds (Private Equity and Venture Capital);.
Establishment of Companies, Private Funds and Regulatory Compliance; and.
Competition law, privacy law, anti-bribery and employment law.
Working with clients in arranging and running of business operations in a variety of corporate and commercial transactions which include:.
Acquisitions or Sale of companies (shares/ assets including real estate property).
Advice on Singapore laws (i.e. Companies Act and Securities and Futures Act etc).
Employment matters including drafting of employment contracts and ESOPs.
Review and advising on Commercial Agreements (i.e. IP licensing agreements, lease agreements, loan agreements, trade facility agreements, collaboration agreements etc).
Advising on Competition Act, Personal Data Protection Act, Prevention of Corruption Act and Employment Act.
Advice on stamp duty relief arising from restructuring or transfer of assets.
Corporate regulatory issues including financial assistance and capital reduction.
Corporate secretarial services including drafting resolutions.
Essentials of Venture Capital Transaction – Seminar at Temasek Polytechnic.
Recent Developments and Revisions to the Code of Corporate Governance – seminar for CPA.
Taking the Plunge – Setting up businesses for medical practitioners - 2016.
Speaker at AIT Ventures session for startups on legal considerations in starting and running a company in Singapore - 2017.
Mentor at Alibaba-SUSS Minor in Entrepreneurship programme - 2017.
“Budget 2009 & Corporate Restructuring” published in Entrepreneurs’ Digest May/ June 2009 issue (Association of Small & Medium Enterprises).
“Limited Partnerships – A New Business Entity in Singapore” published in Rodyk Reporter June 2009 issue and World Law Group Quarterly Newsletter (Spring 2009).
“Administration of Companies in Singapore under the proposed changes to the Companies Act” published in Rodyk Reporter March 2012 issue.
“Controlling the Use of Investment Funds: Tembusu Growth Fund Ltd v Actatek, Inc”, published in Rodyk Reporter March 2013 issue.
“A Costly Conversation - Preventing a breach of Singapore's Competition Act. Do you know how to protect yourself?” published in Supply Chain Asia magazine May-June 2014 issue.
“Personal Data Protection Act – Another legislation that mandates compliance actions” published in Entrepreneurs’ Digest May/ June 2014 issue (Association of Small & Medium Enterprises).
"Enhanced Corporate Administration Regime Under The Revised Companies Act", Rodyk Reporter - Business Bulletin, January 2015.
“Should we ‘make’ or ‘buy’?” published in Supply Chain Asia magazine January 2016 issue.
"Implementation of phase II of the revised companies act", Rodyk Business Bulletins, January 2016.
"Global Investor Programme – Attracting high net worth individuals to Singapore", Rodyk Business Bulletins, April 2016.
“Venture Debt Programme – A new source of funding development plans for emerging entities” published in Dentons Rodyk’s Business Alerts 2016.
“Entering the Sandbox – Guidelines released for FinTech entrepreneurs and entities” published in Dentons Rodyk’s Business Alerts 2016.
“Revisions to Companies Act (Cap.50) of Singapore - New requirements with effect from 31 March 2017”, Dentons Rodyk Reporter, April 2017.
"From off-shore to on-shore: Moving foreign entities to Singapore under the Inward Re-domiciliation Regime", Dentons Rodyk Reporter, October 2017.
Recognised as one of Singapore's most influential lawyers aged 40 and under in 2016 by Singapore Business Review - http://sbr.com.sg/professional-serviceslegal/exclusive/singapores-70-most-influential-lawyers-aged-40-and-under-in-201#show (See Slide 46!).
“ASIAN-MENA COUNSEL Deals of the Year 2015” for involvement in the S$175 million fundraising by PropertyGuru, with an investment led by TPG.
Finalist in ALB SE Asia Law Awards 2016 - M&A Deal of the Year (Midsize) and Asian Lawyer Awards 2016 (M&A - other sectors)- Tolaram - Kellogg's Joint Venture in Nigeria and Ghana worth US$450million.
Assisted firm in moving up to Tier 1 in Asian Legal Business annual M&A Rankings 2016.
Completed Singapore Mediation Centre’s Module 1 and 2 of Mediation: Strategic Conflict Management for Professionals and passed Mediation Assessment by SMC           2017.
Manchester Business School (University of Manchester)               2011 to 2014.
Global Masters in Business Administration with various distinctions including distinctions in Global Strategic Management, Accounting and Operations Management.
Certificate in Fundamentals of Venture Capital and Private Equity – a SVCA Executive Training Programme                                 201.
Committee Member of University of Manchester Alumni Association in Singapore.
Vice-Chairman of Residents’ Committee at Pinnacle@Duxton (an estate of 1848 households) since January 2012;.
Volunteer Mediator at Consumer Association of Singapore (CASE) and Community Mediation Centre (CMC) since 2008; and.
Ex-Volunteer at Legal Clinic at Taman Jurong MPS sessions held on Mondays – 2007 to 2013.
Highly Self-Motivated, Team player with Initiative, Committed, Versatile, Humble, Enthusiastic and Dynamic.DSLP, Post-graduate Diploma Sha’riah Legal Practice (IIUM),.
Conduct in-house compliance and legal training, Seminar and Public speaking; • Incorporation of  on and off-shore  Foundation;.
Front-facing with clients on their trust enquiries, and making recommendations on structures.
Making trust marketing and technical presentations to clients and financial advisor companies.
Acting as a compliance head for Rockwills group of companies in Singapore, implementing of policies and procedures, and ongoing adherence to AML TF checks and reporting.
Reporting to the Board, CEO and also reporting in various committees – Compliance & Risk Committee (compliance with legislation and proper risk assessment of new and existing trusts), Trust Committee (assessment and acceptance of new cases), and Investment Committee (devising of Investment Policy Statements and monitoring of performance of various asset managers).
Drafting, reviewing and vetting of agreements and contracts.
Advising on compliance issues, Trust and Estate Planning. Conducting in-house Estate Planning training seminar and public speaking. Advising on the arrangement of will and trust and also on the issue of Probate and Letter of Administration and others.
Litigation matters - representing banks and Financial Institutions, Insurance Claims include life and general insurance, civil action for Security Firms and Private Companies, Industrial Relations, Family Dispute, Probate and Letter of Administration and others.
Set up the branch of SFP (Australia Company) and managed 50 Financial Advisors, and handling Financial Planning businesses and management which including advisory of financial Planning, Trust, Foundation, Insurance and Compliance in Northern Region of West Malaysia.Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corporation Singapore Branch         Singapore.
Prepare for short-term and long-term facility loan agreements to be entered into with clients based in Southeast Asian countries.
Research on the laws of Southeast Asian counties in which the company is exploring business, including on registration for business activities or foreign exchange transactions and tax act.
Establish procedures related to anti-money laundering in accordance with the regulations issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”), implementing new internal rule and delivering training to related employees based on the discussion with the MAS and statutory auditor.
Research on Common Reporting Standard issued by Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), provide lecture to the related employees and implement new procedures to put into place the above standard.
Contribute to launch of offshore funds to be invested into by various Japanese major financial institutions, reviewing prospectuses and investment management agreements (IMAs) and liaising with legal teams outside Japan.
Provide legal support on the launch of Japanese funds whose scheme is epoch-making; analyzing potential legal or compliance risks and preparing for necessary agreements.
In charge of all legal matters for marketing and managing the largest retail investment fund in Japan.
(asset under management is approximately USD1.5billion as of the end of September 2016).
Draft and negotiate inter-company IMAs, investment advisory agreements, service level of agreements and loan agreements with legal teams outside Japan, which is within priority areas of the coming inspection by the regulator.
Draft IMAs and other documents to be entered into with or delivered to the Japanese pension clients and non-Japanese sovereign wealth funds as well as establishing compliance procedures newly required under the amended regulations.
Lead legal team consisting of lawyers in Hong Kong, Luxemburg and Frankfurt to accomplish the merger of offshore funds one of which is solicited in Japan and to provide legal support for soliciting the fund in Japan.
Provide legal analysis on operational errors occurred in offshore fund to the regulator , fund managers and operation teams and negotiate with each of them based on the analysis to solve all the related legal issues in a most favourable way in a timely manner.
Facilitate shareholders’ meetings, board of directors’ meetings and executive committee meetings  Human Resources.
Implement company rules including work rules, explaining to members of executive committee and all employees.
Advise on issues related to the Japanese regulations including but not limited to, the Corporate Act, Intellectual Property Law and Personal Information Protection Law.
Review various agreements on operation, IT and corporate services.
Other – Assume the role of Tokyo Head of Legal in its absence, including attendance of management meetings, considering the legal team’s improvement plan, support of global project from the Japanese regulatory perspective and report to the Asia Pacific Head of Legal based in Hong Kong.
Awarded Invesco Principal At Work of 2015 based on my team work and highly professional legal services, both of which contributed to the company’s success on business for one major Japanese institutional client.
Establish compliance procedures for business for pension clients, drafting template agreements and statutory documents and advising operation or product team on regulatory requirements.
Solved historical tax issues, analyzing the past and current procedures in light of tax act and negotiating with the regulators.
Conduct compliance training for all employees on insider trading, protection of personal information and bribery.
Appointed as corporate counsel of Japanese IT company and handled matters related to intellectual property laws and general corporate.
Manage disclosure matters for non-Japanese company whose stocks are listed on Tokyo Stock.
Exchange and for several foreign investment funds solicited in Japan.
Represent trust bank in lawsuits in connection with securitization.
Provide advice to financial institutions on investment funds, loans and derivative.
The Legal Training and Research Institute of the Supreme Court of Japan (2009-2010) Saitama, Japan The University of Tokyo School of Law (J.D., 2009)  Tokyo, Japan.
Selected, based on academic performance, for externship at Mori Hamada& Matsumoto Law Firm (August 2008).
Selected, based on academic performance, for Law and Negotiation Seminar (2005).
The issues left by the Supreme Court decision of Takefuji case, International Taxation (April 2011) (co-author).
Lecture for lawyers at Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association based on the above article (April 2011).
Executive committee member of Japan In-House Lawyer Association (2015-2016) – organize and arrange seminars for fellow lawyers for enhancement of their professional skills.
Volunteer activities: organize volunteer activities including regular cleaning of town, charity events for Japanese financial institution and blood donation (2015-2016).
Admitted member of Minato-ku Archery Association (2015-2016).Legal Counsel, Legal & Compliance Asia Pacific at UniCredit.
3/30/2017—Status set to "@@system.status.replied" for "Vistra - Legal Counsel" by.Corporate/Commercial: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing various hotel management agreements, franchise agreements, hotel consultancy services agreements, lease agreements, sale and leaseback agreements, non-disclosure agreements, term sheets, MOUs, facilities management agreements and agreements for branded residences in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Japan.
Operational: responsible for supporting human resources, loyalty, sales, marketing, distribution, IT and finance divisions of Accor’s APAC region, and all operational matters arising out of hotels in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Japan.
Internal Training: responsible for implementing Accor’s global competition law policy in Singapore and Hong Kong, and responsible for promoting awareness of competition law amongst personnel of Accor’s Singapore and Hong Kong hotels.
Corporate Secretarial: responsible for corporate secretarial matters of AAPC Singapore Pte. Ltd..
Reason for Leaving: Due to internal restructuring resulting from the acquisition of the FRHI Hotels International, my position was made redundant.
Corporate/Commercial: transactions include mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures in various regions including, but not limited to Singapore, India, the Middle East, South Africa, Russia, Hong Kong and Turkey.
Responsibilities in this area include leading the SATS team in:.
the joint venture between SATS Airport Services Private Limited (“SAS”) and Creuers del Port de.
Barcelona (“Creuers”) for the management and operation of the Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore (“MBCCS”) in December 2011; and.
the joint venture between SATS and Air India Limited (“AI”) for the provision of ground handling and cargo handling services at various airports in India in April 2010.
the acquisition of ground handling, catering and cruise companies such as:.
the acquisition of a 40% stake in Adel AbulJadayel Flight Catering Company Limited (“AAFC”) for the provision of inflight catering services to various airlines and private jets at Jeddah airport in November 2010; and.
the acquisition of Menzies Aviation (Hong Kong) Ltd (“Menzies Hong Kong”) for the provision of ground handling services to various airlines at Hong Kong Airport in November 2008.
Managing the legal aspects of such transactions including reviewing and drafting board papers, conducting legal due diligence, reviewing, negotiating and drafting non-disclosure agreements, financing documents such as loans and facilities agreements, consultancy agreements, shareholders’ agreements, sale & purchase agreements, joint venture agreements, concession agreements (such as concession agreements with various airport operators including Changi Airport Group (“CAG”), Delhi International Airport Private Limited (“DIAL”) and Mumbai International Airport Private Limited (“MIAL”) and liaising with external legal, tax and financial advisors, regulators and statutory bodies such as the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (“MPA”) and the Singapore Tourism Board (“STB“) for the management and operation of MBCCS).
Operational: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing various operational agreements for SATS including, without limitation:.
ground handling agreements and service level agreements with our airline customers;.
IT agreements such as licensing agreements, service level agreements, escrow agreements, implementation agreements, maintenance agreements;.
marketing agreements;  lease agreements; and  consultancy agreements.
IP Strategy: responsible for IP matters including establishing and implementing the SATS Group IP Manual, maintaining the SATS Group IP portfolio (such as conducting searches and registration of service marks and trademarks, and filing of patents locally and in various foreign jurisdictions including India, implementing a registration & opposition procedure and maintaining a trade mark watch service.
Corporate Secretarial: responsible for corporate secretarial matters of Country Foods Pte Ltd (wholly owned subsidiary of SATS) including the recording and distribution of minutes of Board Meetings and corporate secretarial matters arising out of or in connection with establishment of a majority owned local joint venture such as drafting memorandum and articles of association for a joint venture company (“JVCo”) (for eg. SATS-Creuers Cruise Services Pte. Ltd. (“SCCS”)) and board resolutions of shareholders of such JVCo.
Internal Training: worked with external counsel (Allen & Gledhill) to draft, review, develop and implement the Competition Law manual in SATS and conduct IP seminars in SATS.
General: responsible for all corporate/commercial and operational matters/agreements for several subsidiaries of SATS under it’s Gateway division including:.
SATS (India) Co. Private Limited (“SATS India”); o Air India SATS Airport Services Pvt. Ltd. (“AISATS”); and o SATS HK Ltd.
Successful rollout and implementation of the internal Intellectual Property Law manual in September 2014.
Promoted from Manger, Legal to Senior Manager, Legal in 2013.
Secondment to AISATS (Mumbai office) between January – April 2011 to tie up ancillary matters arising out of the joint venture and assist with various operational matters of AISATS.
Successful rollout and implementation of the internal Competition Law manual in November 2010.
Acquisition of Menzies Aviation (Hong Kong) Ltd in November 2008.
Execution of the Cathay Pacific Warehouse Operating System Licensing Agreement in August 2008.
Corporate/Commercial: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing various collaboration agreements, joint venture agreements, concession agreements, services agreements, non-disclosure agreements, licensing agreements, loan agreements, EPC and O&M agreements for waste water treatment and used oil recycling projects in India, Vietnam and Middle East.
Operational: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing services agreements, maintenance agreements, purchasing agreements, lease agreements and sales agreements for the Consumer Products division and the Internal Facilities division.
Corporate Secretarial: responsible for all corporate secretarial matters of the Hyflux group including the listed entity in Singapore (i.e. Hyflux Ltd), and its entities in Malaysia, India and Netherlands.
Responsible for liaising with external counsels where necessary, and various third parties such local insurers and secretarial agents.
Reason for Leaving: Due to internal restructuring, my position was made redundant.
Corporate/Commercial: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing lease agreements, employment contracts, non-disclosure agreements and joint venture agreements for Abacus and six of its regional offices located India, China, Thailand, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Cambodia.
Operational: responsible for negotiating, drafting and reviewing IT agreements including software development agreements, distribution and sub-distribution agreements, service level agreements, outsourcing agreements, licensing agreements and subscriber agreements.
Corporate Secretarial: responsible for various corporate secretarial matters of Abacus including the preparation and distribution of notices, agendas and papers to Directors prior to Board meetings, and recording and distribution of minutes post each meeting.
Internal Training: responsible for developing and implementing Competition Law policy in Abacus, and responsible for promoting awareness of the policy in six of its regional offices, in particular India and Thailand.
Major achievements: Successful rollout and implementation of the internal Competition Law policy.
Reason for Leaving: My job scope was not broadened by much with no avenue for change.
Associate Group Legal Advisor, September 2003 – December 2005.
Joined the Company as an Associate Legal Counsel and seconded to the cricket joint venture company, World Sport Nimbus Pte Ltd (“WSN”), a joint venture company between WSG and Nimbus Communications Ltd (“NCL”) of India, where I assisted the Legal Department Vice-President (Cricket) with drafting agreements for the commercial exploitation of International Cricket Council (“ICC”) cricket events such as licensing agreements, sponsorship agreements and broadcasting agreements.
Responsible for co-ordinating cross border litigation and liaising with external counsels in various jurisdictions in an attempt by WSN to enforce an SIAC arbitration award against a cricket board.
Assisted with drafting various agreements for Asian PGA golf events including host venue agreements, sponsorship agreements, and player agreements for the Volvo Masters, Singapore Open and Indian Open.
Responsible for several WSG corporate matters including employment contracts, service agreements with external vendors, lease agreements and liaising with third parties such as Company insurers.
Major achievements: Promoted in September 2004 to Associate Group Legal Advisor and made solely responsible for negotiating and drafting various licensing agreements, sponsorship agreements and broadcasting agreements for the ICC Champions Trophy 2004.
Reason for Leaving: Despite initial efforts to reassign me to football and golf post the buyout of WSN by NCL, the lack of work finally resulted in my position being made redundant in December 2005.
Responsible for conducting legal research through Lexis/Nexis, Westlaw and the Internet.
Responsible for drafting representations, affidavits, mitigation pleas and submissions, all correspondence with clients and third parties such as the Attorney General’s Chambers.
Responsible for compilation of instructions at client meetings and Court attendances in relation to various criminal cases including the matter of Nguyen Tuong Van.
Reason for Leaving: The untimely and sudden demise of senior partner Mr. Palakrishnan led to the closure of the firm, and my position there was made redundant as of August 2003.
Queen Mary & Westfield College, University of London (UK) LLM (Computer & Communications Law), September 2002.
Queen Mary & Westfield College, University of London (UK) LLB (Hons), June 2000.
 Written and spoken: English, Malay and Bahasa Indonesia.  Spoken only: Hindi and Mandarin.Acquired and grow the SEA high net worth individual customer base through effective relationship management as well as taking care of the existing port.
Provided advice and solutions to clients in Wealth accumulation, trust and estate planning, including helping clients in the creation of offshore companies.
Achieved sales targets to grow customer base, assets, and account profitability.
emphasis on products specific to High Net-worth to Ultra High Net-worth market.
Secured one of the largest single premiums of universal life cases in 2005.
Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT), 2 years in a row (20052007) for achieving performance sales targets; MDRT membership is recognized internationally as the standard of sales excellence in the life insurance and financial services business. Based on commission/fee method, a minimum of  USD90,000 of eligible commissions paid are required.
Star of the Year and Current Year New Recruit (2005) • Recognized as one of the youngest and most successful financial advisors at the age of 21.
2008 – 2009   Legal Practice Course (LPC) –BPP Law School (London, UK).
2004 – 2007    LL.B (Hons) Bachelor of Laws – University Of Reading (UK).
Rules and Regulations for Fund Management (CMFAS Module 3 – Singapore 2012).
Legislations, Regulations & Industry Codes of Practice (CACS Paper 1 – Singapore 2013).
Industry & Product Knowledge (CACS Paper 2 – Singapore 2013).
Registered Financial Planner (RFP), Malaysian Institute Of Insurance – Malaysia 2005.
Provide initial concept and started a retail healthcare business in Kuala Lumpur.
Oversaw company’s products strategy and development. • Implemented projects to improve effectiveness and operational efficiencies.
Lead the organization, involved in business development activities and put in place processes to prepare for the company's expansion plans.
Managed and developed a portfolio of UHNW and HNW individuals in Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and China.
Provided prudent financial advisory and investment solutions to meet client’s financial planning needs and requirements.
Experienced in private banking products: Bonds, Equities, Funds, structured notes, Insurance, ULI and options.
Worked closely with external Asset Manager based in Switzerland and International Business Development Manager in UBP to drive referral opportunities with HNW clients.
Ensured proper advisory procedures and documentation adhering to compliance practices.
• Started up and built the local presence of Heritage Wealth Management (Singapore) in Malaysia.
Setting up tax efficient vehicles for properties overseas.
Reviewed correspondence pertaining to a dispute between two mediums sized technology firms.
Attended advocacy and client interviewing courses in BPP Law School (London).
Worked with multinational clients in the UK and developed good negotiation skills.Senior Legal Counsel  at   Funds / Corporate July 2016  -  Present (9 months).
Invox is a leading receivables exchange headquartered in Singapore, offering an online avenue for small  and medium-sized businesses to monetize their working capital tied up in outstanding invoices to large  organisations.
Receivables exchanges overseas have facilitated millions of dollars in financing to small and medium-sized  businesses in their respective countries. As of August 2015, Invox has arranged over SGD 1 million of  invoice financing deals on behalf of its investors.
For more information, visit us at www.invox.sg or email me at contact@invox.sg.
Activities and Societies:  Students' Council, Air Rifle Club, Computer Club.Sole legal counsel advising on alternative investment activities, with AUM of more than US$1 billion and inclduing a portfolio of 100+ hedge funds globally, with a consistent  annualised return of more than 10%, including reviewing of all hedge funds offering documents (e.g. updated offering documents and constitutional documents), negotiation of NDAs and side letters with counterparties (including Blackrock, Brevan Howard, Fortress/Graticule, Dymon Asia, Pershing Square, Myriad, Citadel, Two Sigma, Highbridge, Greenwood etc.).
Sole legal counsel advising on co-investment opportunities with other fund managers through managed accounts and separate vehicles (with each investment producing more than 15% return annually) and sale of side pockets in the secondary markets (including successfully closing six side-pockets simultaneously for two funds under the management to a US investment bank);.
Setting up and closing funds including developing a multi-strategies fund of hedge funds platform with sub-accounts managed by multiple managers across Asia Pacific whose strategies include  long only, market neutral, credit long short and macro, and simultaneously closing a traditional feeder-master fund of hedge funds in the Cayman Islands;.
Sole legal counsel and coordinator in the proposed expansion of business in China for Fullerton as a registered private fund manager with capacity to manage investment in fixed income (such as CIBM), equities and alternatives. Primary responsibilities include leading the research on and preparing report to key management members on regulatory requirements, interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, and preparing memoranda under time constraints to provide advice on business models and steps that needed to be undertaken to achieve the commercial objectives, coordinating business support groups to set up local operations in China from all aspects including IT, risk and compliance, investment operations and fund administration, working with relevant investment teams and product development teams to launch relevant funds in China, dealing with the Assets Management Association of China and relevant authorities includeing the SAIC, CSRC, SAFE, PBOC and local governments;.
Advising on mutual fund/UCITS/unit trust fund investment activities with AUM of more than US$10 billion including the best fixed income fund in 2016 recognised by Morningstar, the best APAC hard currency bond fund recognised by Citywire and the best SGD bond fund recognised by the Edge-Lipper in 2016 (in all asset classes and across all major markets including China’s Inter-Bank Bond Market) such as negotiation of cornerstone investments, IPOs, private placements and rights issues, in jurisdictions including Singapore, China (e.g. QFII & RQFII, QDII, QDIE, QDLP), Japan, European countries, Mauritius, Cayman Islands etc, and advising on other relevant matters pertaining to operations and business development such as fund closing, establishing new funds, fund distribution, marketing (such as fund presentation, fund factsheet/newsletters, client reporting), fund administration, brokerage and soft dollar arrangements in jurisdictions include European countries, Canada, South East Asia, Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, Australia, the Cayman Islands and Mauritius with counterparties including JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, CITICS, CICC, Citi, Barclays, BoAML, Jefferies, WellsFargo, BNP Paribs Securities, HSBC and Standard Chartered Bank etc.;.
Advising on segregated mandates from pension funds, sovereign wealth and leading financial institutions (drafting and negotiating IMAs), discretionary and non-discretionary mandates (drafting and negotiating IAAs);.
Sole legal counsel advising on prime brokerage agreements with investment banks such as Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank and Citibank;.
Sole legal counsel advising on securities lending and repurchase transactions (GMRA and GMSLA);.
Sole legal counsel advising on OTC derivative transactions including negotiation of ISDA Master Agreements including CSAs with most of primary counterparties;.
Advising on dealings in structured products such as fund linked notes/certificates and ODIsor other market acess structured products;.
Advising on private equity investment activities (including negotiation of term sheets, subscription agreement and investment agreements);.
Advising on regulatory compliance matters pertaining to distribution, marketing, registration of funds, FATCA, Dodd Frank Act, EMIR, MiFID, AIFMD, FINRA Rules, Personal Data Protection, the Common Reporting Standard and outsourcing of services etc;.
Advising on corporate secretarial matters such as preparing resolutions and notices, appointment and resignation of director etc. in relation to all fund platforms and the fund manager; and.
Taking initiative to develop in-house standard contract templates including investment management agreements, NDAs and service agreements which significantly reduced turnaround time and improved productivity by 50%;.
Advising on non-essential agreements pertaining to IT, HR, Risks, Performance and marketing events, and counterparties including Pegasystems, Thomson Reuters, Bloomberg, Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Barra, Mercer and Factset etc.
Advising relevant business units on group investment, fund investment and management (both feeder and segregated funds) with AUM of more than S$70 billion including drafting, reviewing and negotiating with counterparties (e.g. Temasek, TPG, CICC, Dover, Bridgewater, JPMorgan Asset Management, PIMCO, Ardian, Schroders, Aberdeen, Lion Global, GIC, CapitaMall, SPH REIT, BNY Mellon, Capital International, Alliance Bernstein etc.) on fund management agreements, subscription agreements, shareholders’ agreements, partnership agreements, facility agreements and security agreements, custodian service agreements, index licensing and financial software licensing agreements;.
Advising on ISDA related matters, including drafting, reviewing and negotiating with counterparties on ISDA Schedules and CSAs;.
Advising relevant business units on compliance with FATCA, Dodd Frank Act (including Volcker Rule), EMIR and other applicable laws and regulations on derivatives trading and reporting;.
Advising business units on compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore and restructuring of their day-to-day business practices;.
Taking initiative to develop in-house standard contract templates including master outsourcing agreements, IT service contracts, consultancy agreements, investment agreements and ISDA agreement which significantly reduced turnaround time and improved productivity by 60%;.
Working closely with legal teams and external legal counsels from other jurisdictions including China, Malaysia,.
Indonesia, Vietnam, Hong Kong, UK and US on Great Eastern Group’s cross-border projects; and.
Preparing and reviewing company secretarial documents such as board resolutions, shareholders resolutions, announcements, annual reports and minutes of meetings.
Duane Morris/Duane Morris & Selvam LLP, New York & Singapore.
Judicial Intern to His Honor, Judge David D. Noce, 8th Circuit, United States.
LL. M, Washington University in St Louis (Recipient of Law School Scholarship for Graduate Program), May 2011 LL. M, National University of Singapore, June 2006.
Great Eastern Life Assurance Company Limited, Singapore A subsidiary of OCBC Bank.#13-523 • BLK 271B • PUNGGOL WALK • 822271  • SINGAPORE • 6594296440.
Advised on equity market, private M&A and corporate commercial matters.
Advised on the initial public offering of Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Berhad.
Advised on the disposal of Seamaster Paint Manufacturing Bhd's business.
Drafted commercial precedents for LexisPSL/Lexis Practical Guidance Malaysia.
Advised and drafted the service contract template for the storage of umbilical cords for StemLife Berhad.
Reviewed director's service contract for a foreign university from United Kingdom with a physical campus in Nusajaya, Johor.
Advised on equity market, private M&A and corporate commercial matters.
Advised on the initial public offering of Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Berhad.
Advised on the disposal of Seamaster Paint Manufacturing Bhd's business.
Drafted commercial precedents for LexisPSL/Lexis Practical Guidance Malaysia.
Advised and drafted the service contract template for the storage of umbilical cords for StemLife Berhad.
Reviewed director's service contract for a foreign university from United Kingdom with a physical campus in Nusajaya, Johor.
Advised on equity market, private M&A and corporate commercial matters.
Advised on the initial public offering of Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Berhad.
Advised on the disposal of Seamaster Paint Manufacturing Bhd's business.
Drafted commercial precedents for LexisPSL/Lexis Practical Guidance Malaysia.
Advised and drafted the service contract template for the storage of umbilical cords for StemLife Berhad.
Reviewed director's service contract for a foreign university from United Kingdom with a physical campus in Nusajaya, Johor.
Advised on equity market, private M&A and corporate commercial matters.
Advised on the initial public offering of Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Berhad.
Advised on the disposal of Seamaster Paint Manufacturing Bhd's business.
Drafted commercial precedents for LexisPSL/Lexis Practical Guidance Malaysia.
Advised and drafted the service contract template for the storage of umbilical cords for StemLife Berhad.
Reviewed director's service contract for a foreign university from United Kingdom with a physical campus in Nusajaya, Johor.
Advised on equity market, private M&A and corporate commercial matters.
Advised on the initial public offering of Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Berhad.
Advised on the disposal of Seamaster Paint Manufacturing Bhd's business.
Drafted commercial precedents for LexisPSL/Lexis Practical Guidance Malaysia.
Advised and drafted the service contract template for the storage of umbilical cords for StemLife Berhad.
Reviewed director's service contract for a foreign university from United Kingdom with a physical campus in Nusajaya, Johor.
Assisted in the listing of ZICO Holdings Inc,a Labuan incorporated company, at SGX which inter alia, involved (a) drafting the new memorandum and articles of association of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (b) drafting the notice of general meetings and resolutions of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (c) answering the due diligence questionnaire for the subsidiaries in Singapore; drafting the board minutes for ZICO Holdings Inc; and (d) drafting supplemental shareholders' agreement for a subsidiary of ZICO Holdings Inc.
Performed due diligence on company secretarial files of companies incorporated in Singapore for the purpose of acquisition.
Drafted the trust deed of the Malaysia New Zealand Foundation and complete the incorporation process with the Legal Affairs Division of Prime Minister's Department.
Drafted the terms sheet, master franchise agreement and services agreement for an online fashion retail brand from Thailand.
Advising and reviewing procurement agreements for a High Commission in Johor Bahru.
Reason of leaving – The partner that hired me left the partnership.
Assisted in the listing of ZICO Holdings Inc,a Labuan incorporated company, at SGX which inter alia, involved (a) drafting the new memorandum and articles of association of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (b) drafting the notice of general meetings and resolutions of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (c) answering the due diligence questionnaire for the subsidiaries in Singapore; drafting the board minutes for ZICO Holdings Inc; and (d) drafting supplemental shareholders' agreement for a subsidiary of ZICO Holdings Inc.
Performed due diligence on company secretarial files of companies incorporated in Singapore for the purpose of acquisition.
Drafted the trust deed of the Malaysia New Zealand Foundation and complete the incorporation process with the Legal Affairs Division of Prime Minister's Department.
Drafted the terms sheet, master franchise agreement and services agreement for an online fashion retail brand from Thailand.
Advising and reviewing procurement agreements for a High Commission in Johor Bahru.
Reason of leaving – The partner that hired me left the partnership.
Assisted in the listing of ZICO Holdings Inc,a Labuan incorporated company, at SGX which inter alia, involved (a) drafting the new memorandum and articles of association of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (b) drafting the notice of general meetings and resolutions of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (c) answering the due diligence questionnaire for the subsidiaries in Singapore; drafting the board minutes for ZICO Holdings Inc; and (d) drafting supplemental shareholders' agreement for a subsidiary of ZICO Holdings Inc.
Performed due diligence on company secretarial files of companies incorporated in Singapore for the purpose of acquisition.
Drafted the trust deed of the Malaysia New Zealand Foundation and complete the incorporation process with the Legal Affairs Division of Prime Minister's Department.
Drafted the terms sheet, master franchise agreement and services agreement for an online fashion retail brand from Thailand.
Advising and reviewing procurement agreements for a High Commission in Johor Bahru.
Reason of leaving – The partner that hired me left the partnership.
Assisted in the listing of ZICO Holdings Inc,a Labuan incorporated company, at SGX which inter alia, involved (a) drafting the new memorandum and articles of association of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (b) drafting the notice of general meetings and resolutions of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (c) answering the due diligence questionnaire for the subsidiaries in Singapore; drafting the board minutes for ZICO Holdings Inc; and (d) drafting supplemental shareholders' agreement for a subsidiary of ZICO Holdings Inc.
Performed due diligence on company secretarial files of companies incorporated in Singapore for the purpose of acquisition.
Drafted the trust deed of the Malaysia New Zealand Foundation and complete the incorporation process with the Legal Affairs Division of Prime Minister's Department.
Drafted the terms sheet, master franchise agreement and services agreement for an online fashion retail brand from Thailand.
Advising and reviewing procurement agreements for a High Commission in Johor Bahru.
Reason of leaving – The partner that hired me left the partnership.
Assisted in the listing of ZICO Holdings Inc,a Labuan incorporated company, at SGX which inter alia, involved (a) drafting the new memorandum and articles of association of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (b) drafting the notice of general meetings and resolutions of ZICO Holdings Inc for the purpose of listing at SGX; (c) answering the due diligence questionnaire for the subsidiaries in Singapore; drafting the board minutes for ZICO Holdings Inc; and (d) drafting supplemental shareholders' agreement for a subsidiary of ZICO Holdings Inc.
Performed due diligence on company secretarial files of companies incorporated in Singapore for the purpose of acquisition.
Drafted the trust deed of the Malaysia New Zealand Foundation and complete the incorporation process with the Legal Affairs Division of Prime Minister's Department.
Drafted the terms sheet, master franchise agreement and services agreement for an online fashion retail brand from Thailand.
Advising and reviewing procurement agreements for a High Commission in Johor Bahru.
Reason of leaving – The partner that hired me left the partnership.
Drafted loan agreement, security documents, legal opinion and confirmation for drawdown for the purpose of corporate loan.
Applied for state consent to enter a legal charge on a property located in Penang for the purpose of a corporate loan.
Performed compliance due diligence for the purpose of establishing of medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secutization programme which involve drafting the due diligence memorandum, due diligence questionnaire, due diligence report and verification notes.
Drafted the programme agreement, security documents, trust deed, information memorandum and agency agreement in relation to medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secrutization programme.
Reason of leaving – Opportunity to learn and expose to corporate commercial and corporate finance.
Drafted loan agreement, security documents, legal opinion and confirmation for drawdown for the purpose of corporate loan.
Applied for state consent to enter a legal charge on a property located in Penang for the purpose of a corporate loan.
Performed compliance due diligence for the purpose of establishing of medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secutization programme which involve drafting the due diligence memorandum, due diligence questionnaire, due diligence report and verification notes.
Drafted the programme agreement, security documents, trust deed, information memorandum and agency agreement in relation to medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secrutization programme.
Reason of leaving – Opportunity to learn and expose to corporate commercial and corporate finance.
Drafted loan agreement, security documents, legal opinion and confirmation for drawdown for the purpose of corporate loan.
Applied for state consent to enter a legal charge on a property located in Penang for the purpose of a corporate loan.
Performed compliance due diligence for the purpose of establishing of medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secutization programme which involve drafting the due diligence memorandum, due diligence questionnaire, due diligence report and verification notes.
Drafted the programme agreement, security documents, trust deed, information memorandum and agency agreement in relation to medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secrutization programme.
Reason of leaving – Opportunity to learn and expose to corporate commercial and corporate finance.
Drafted loan agreement, security documents, legal opinion and confirmation for drawdown for the purpose of corporate loan.
Applied for state consent to enter a legal charge on a property located in Penang for the purpose of a corporate loan.
Performed compliance due diligence for the purpose of establishing of medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secutization programme which involve drafting the due diligence memorandum, due diligence questionnaire, due diligence report and verification notes.
Drafted the programme agreement, security documents, trust deed, information memorandum and agency agreement in relation to medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secrutization programme.
Reason of leaving – Opportunity to learn and expose to corporate commercial and corporate finance.
Drafted loan agreement, security documents, legal opinion and confirmation for drawdown for the purpose of corporate loan.
Applied for state consent to enter a legal charge on a property located in Penang for the purpose of a corporate loan.
Performed compliance due diligence for the purpose of establishing of medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secutization programme which involve drafting the due diligence memorandum, due diligence questionnaire, due diligence report and verification notes.
Drafted the programme agreement, security documents, trust deed, information memorandum and agency agreement in relation to medium term notes programme, sukuk programme and asset backed secrutization programme.
Reason of leaving – Opportunity to learn and expose to corporate commercial and corporate finance.
Assisted the Company Secretary in ensuring statutory compliance with regulatory authorities and maintaining proper systems and procedures.
Provided effective support and assistance to the Company Secretary in discharging corporate secretarial duties and ensuring statutory compliance.
Provided advice to client on their needs in relation to company secretarial matters.
Assisted the company secretary in attending to all compliance related matters under the Companies Act 1965, Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements, Practice Notes, Securities Commission Rules and Guidelines, and other relevant regulations.
Performed transfer of shares for private companies limited by shares.
Organised, drafted notices, prepared agendas, and drafted minutes of board meetings and annual general meetings, maintaining statutory books for the following companies:-.
Malaysian Electronic Payment Systems Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Malaysian Electronic Payment System (1997) Sdn. Bhd.).
Dyanpac (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Nippon Hi-Pack Sdn. Bhd.).
Reason of leaving – To commence chambering/pupillage with a law firm.
Assisted the Company Secretary in ensuring statutory compliance with regulatory authorities and maintaining proper systems and procedures.
Provided effective support and assistance to the Company Secretary in discharging corporate secretarial duties and ensuring statutory compliance.
Provided advice to client on their needs in relation to company secretarial matters.
Assisted the company secretary in attending to all compliance related matters under the Companies Act 1965, Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements, Practice Notes, Securities Commission Rules and Guidelines, and other relevant regulations.
Performed transfer of shares for private companies limited by shares.
Organised, drafted notices, prepared agendas, and drafted minutes of board meetings and annual general meetings, maintaining statutory books for the following companies:-.
Malaysian Electronic Payment Systems Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Malaysian Electronic Payment System (1997) Sdn. Bhd.).
Dyanpac (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Nippon Hi-Pack Sdn. Bhd.).
Reason of leaving – To commence chambering/pupillage with a law firm.
Assisted the Company Secretary in ensuring statutory compliance with regulatory authorities and maintaining proper systems and procedures.
Provided effective support and assistance to the Company Secretary in discharging corporate secretarial duties and ensuring statutory compliance.
Provided advice to client on their needs in relation to company secretarial matters.
Assisted the company secretary in attending to all compliance related matters under the Companies Act 1965, Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements, Practice Notes, Securities Commission Rules and Guidelines, and other relevant regulations.
Performed transfer of shares for private companies limited by shares.
Organised, drafted notices, prepared agendas, and drafted minutes of board meetings and annual general meetings, maintaining statutory books for the following companies:-.
Malaysian Electronic Payment Systems Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Malaysian Electronic Payment System (1997) Sdn. Bhd.).
Dyanpac (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Nippon Hi-Pack Sdn. Bhd.).
Reason of leaving – To commence chambering/pupillage with a law firm.
Assisted the Company Secretary in ensuring statutory compliance with regulatory authorities and maintaining proper systems and procedures.
Provided effective support and assistance to the Company Secretary in discharging corporate secretarial duties and ensuring statutory compliance.
Provided advice to client on their needs in relation to company secretarial matters.
Assisted the company secretary in attending to all compliance related matters under the Companies Act 1965, Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements, Practice Notes, Securities Commission Rules and Guidelines, and other relevant regulations.
Performed transfer of shares for private companies limited by shares.
Organised, drafted notices, prepared agendas, and drafted minutes of board meetings and annual general meetings, maintaining statutory books for the following companies:-.
Malaysian Electronic Payment Systems Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Malaysian Electronic Payment System (1997) Sdn. Bhd.).
Dyanpac (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Nippon Hi-Pack Sdn. Bhd.).
Reason of leaving – To commence chambering/pupillage with a law firm.
Assisted the Company Secretary in ensuring statutory compliance with regulatory authorities and maintaining proper systems and procedures.
Provided effective support and assistance to the Company Secretary in discharging corporate secretarial duties and ensuring statutory compliance.
Provided advice to client on their needs in relation to company secretarial matters.
Assisted the company secretary in attending to all compliance related matters under the Companies Act 1965, Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements, Practice Notes, Securities Commission Rules and Guidelines, and other relevant regulations.
Performed transfer of shares for private companies limited by shares.
Organised, drafted notices, prepared agendas, and drafted minutes of board meetings and annual general meetings, maintaining statutory books for the following companies:-.
Malaysian Electronic Payment Systems Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Malaysian Electronic Payment System (1997) Sdn. Bhd.).
Dyanpac (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Formerly known as Nippon Hi-Pack Sdn. Bhd.).
Reason of leaving – To commence chambering/pupillage with a law firm.
Assisted in preparing draft letters to the Registry and clients.
Assisted in preparing draft written submission to the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO).
Assisted in preparing draft letters to the Registry and clients.
Assisted in preparing draft written submission to the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO).
Assisted in preparing draft letters to the Registry and clients.
Assisted in preparing draft written submission to the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO).
Assisted in preparing draft letters to the Registry and clients.
Assisted in preparing draft written submission to the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO).
Assisted in preparing draft letters to the Registry and clients.
Assisted in preparing draft written submission to the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO).
Candidate, Part 2 of ICSA International Qualifying System (IQS).
INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS (ICSA).
Candidate, Part 2 of ICSA International Qualifying System (IQS).
INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS (ICSA).
Candidate, Part 2 of ICSA International Qualifying System (IQS).
INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS (ICSA).
Candidate, Part 2 of ICSA International Qualifying System (IQS).
INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS (ICSA).
Candidate, Part 2 of ICSA International Qualifying System (IQS).
INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS (ICSA).
Half-day seminar on STAMP DUTY PRINCIPLES, APPLICATIONS AND EXEMPTIONS conducted by MALAYSIAN.
CUSTOMER RELATIONS WORKSHOP conducted by WHEALER SOLUTIONS.
LEGAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ISLAMIC FINANCING FACILITIES conducted by IBFIM.
Half-day seminar on STAMP DUTY PRINCIPLES, APPLICATIONS AND EXEMPTIONS conducted by MALAYSIAN.
CUSTOMER RELATIONS WORKSHOP conducted by WHEALER SOLUTIONS.
LEGAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ISLAMIC FINANCING FACILITIES conducted by IBFIM.
Half-day seminar on STAMP DUTY PRINCIPLES, APPLICATIONS AND EXEMPTIONS conducted by MALAYSIAN.
CUSTOMER RELATIONS WORKSHOP conducted by WHEALER SOLUTIONS.
LEGAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ISLAMIC FINANCING FACILITIES conducted by IBFIM.
Half-day seminar on STAMP DUTY PRINCIPLES, APPLICATIONS AND EXEMPTIONS conducted by MALAYSIAN.
CUSTOMER RELATIONS WORKSHOP conducted by WHEALER SOLUTIONS.
LEGAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ISLAMIC FINANCING FACILITIES conducted by IBFIM.
Half-day seminar on STAMP DUTY PRINCIPLES, APPLICATIONS AND EXEMPTIONS conducted by MALAYSIAN.
CUSTOMER RELATIONS WORKSHOP conducted by WHEALER SOLUTIONS.
LEGAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ISLAMIC FINANCING FACILITIES conducted by IBFIM.Legal Counsel & Senior Trust Manager  at   Trusts July 2015  -  Present (1 year 9 months).
Trust Manager  at   Trust and Fiduciary 2014  -  June 2015  (1 year).
Ensure legal compliance by the trust and trustees, company secretarial duties, governance and research,  ensure timely filing of trustees report, accounts and Annual Returns with the Charity Commission and  Companies House, advise Companies House and Charity Commission on any changes, advise and inform  director trustees where necessary regarding risk, compliance, insurance, corporate governance, ensure  appropriate insurances are in place, ensure that appropriate banking and accounting procedure and practice  are in place, organising of trustees' meetings, taking and preparing of minutes, oversee purchase, sale,  lease and maintenance of trust assets, peruse and negotiate terms of agreement,  liaise and instruct external  lawyers, liaise with auditors and HMRC, maintain accurate sets of records, ensure data protection, accounts,  administration of gift aid system, carry out tax claims and liaise with auditors on annual accounts, identify  tasks and ensure that necessary actions are taken, reply to correspondence and any ad hoc duties.
Activities and Societies:  The Law Society of England and Wales.Graduated from the National University of Singapore with Second Class (Lower Division) Honours Law Degree, completed Practical Law Course.
CHIJ Primary (Bukit Timah) now the Convent of Holy Innocents.
Energy, Oil and Gas, M&A, Infrastructure, EPC, Project Development, Project Finance, Asset Financing, Acquisition Finance.
Real Estate and Banking, Banking and Construction, Commercial and Corporate.
- Practicing lawyer for 3 years since May 2006 to December 2009 in LAWHUB LLC, doing conveyancing, litigation and corporate work,.
Senior Legal Counsel In Tuas Power Ltd, Tuas Power Generation Pte. Ltd.
Company Secretary for Tuas Power Supply Pte Ltd and Group of 9 Companies, including NewEarth Pte Ltd etc.
Regional Legal Counsel/ Legal Manager at Natsteel/ Tata Steel (2014 January to 2014 June).
Regional Legal Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Yuzoo Pte Ltd, an E-commerce Company.
Corporate Secretary at Etiqa Pte Ltd, Maybank Group Singapore.
Drafting terms in option to purchase, sale and purchase agreements and correspondences relating to all areas in real estate transactions including commercial, industrial, residential, en bloc properties and development work.
Negotiating terms of contracts successfully in options and sale and purchase agreements.
Vetting and advising clients of landlord - tenant issues in tenancies, leases and corporate leases.
Advising clients in real estate transactions, financing rules, CPF rules, stamp duty rules and due diligence checks on encumbrances on properties and solvency of vendors.
Advising clients of terms in mortgages, guarantees, overdraft facilities, assignments.
Advising companies to comply with banking requirements for financing including drafting of resolutions, checks on Memorandum and Articles of Association, conducting corporate searches.
Advising banks in mortgages, charges, collaterals, assignment of mortgages and due diligence checks on mortgagors, submitting reports on title to bank.
Liasing with CPF Board, HDB, JTC, Banks, Singapore Land Authority (SLA), Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA), Comptroller of Housing, Insolvency Office, IRAS etc for various transactions.
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering legislation and procedures.
Training staff in work procedures and educating them of updates in law.
Supervises team for property transactions to complete transactions successfully.
Advising in Wills and Estate Planning and Power of Attorneys.
Acted for various banks including OCBC Bank, UOB Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, DBS Bank, Sing Investments and Finance in consumer and corporate banking.
Acted for companies including Chip Eng Seng Corporation Limited.
Dealing with directors of various Small Medium Enterprises including the Crescendas Group, Ong Joo Joo Food Industries Pte Ltd, Lee Say Sugar Factory Pte Ltd subsidiary of Leong Hup Holdings Berhad, Chang Cheng Mee Wah Group in acquisition of property.
Acted for BVI companies, trustees of property, corporate trustees and charitable organizations.
Acted for developers in development work projects, including liasing with developers and architects to complete projects.
Sale and purchase of uncompleted and completed high-end private residential apartments of up to $5million, (including St Regis Residences, Orchard Residences, Marina Bay Residences etc).
Sale and purchase of HDB retail shops and HDB industrial property of up to $6 million, sale and purchase of JTC industrial property, ensure compliance of HDB and JTC rules.
Application of housing developer’s licence and development work including projects like the Teresa 8 (Cluster housing development), Centurion, DeCenturion, Novelis etc.
Participated in the collective sale of completed project River Valley Apartments, Watten Rise Estate and other en bloc projects and meetings like Chinatown Plaza.
Participated in the privatization exercise of Eunosville Estate.
Assisted in acquisition of land and state land contracts, subdivision of land.
Redemption of mortgage, refinancing and overdraft facilities.
Resale private residential properties, HDB Properties, Executive condominiums and HUDCs.
Sale and Purchase of landed property including terraces, semi-detached.
Secondary market purchase and secondary market sale of properties.
Sale of property under the Official Assignee, Divorce Order of Court, Probate etc.
Miscellaneous work eg Application for title, transfer of partial ownership of property, BCA and MCST issues.
Others Litigation and Small Claims Tribunal: Assisted in the successful litigious claim of option money in a transaction whereby the property was affected by road reserve.
Tuas Power Limited, holding company of Tuas Power Generation Pte Ltd.
Tuas Power Generation Pte Ltd, asset holding company of Tuas Power.
New Earth, New Earth Singapore, SME start up for plant projects.
Tuas Power Green Pte Ltd, joint venture company between Tuas Power and GSPL.
Construction contracts (Security of Payments, Warranties and Defects liability).
Fuel, Fuel Reserve and Oil tanking, storage contracts with BP, Exxon, Shell, Chevron, etc.
Trading Cfds and Vesting agreements with PowerSeraya, Senoko, EMC etc.
Company Secretary for Tuas Power Supply Pte Ltd, TP Utilities Pte Ltd, New Earth Group of Companies.
Drafting of resolution for appointment of consultants, authorized signatories for banking facility, authorized signatories for contracts etc, Notice of Meeting, Minutes of Board Meeting.
Capital Injection of $120 million and issue of shares for TP Utilities Pte Ltd for the financing of Tembusu plant.
Restructuring for New Earth Group of Companies, sale of shares agreement and resolutions, joint ventures, sale of assets, patent licences, etc.
Refinancing of 3.2 billion loan (Bank of China) from Tuas Power Limited to Tuas Power Generation Pte Ltd and Discharge of Bridge Loan Facility from SinoSing Pte Ltd.
Corporate Restructuring of Tuas Power Ltd as holding company, Incorporation of Tuas Power Generation Pte Ltd.
Sale and Purchase Agreement of Assets, Articles of Association. M&A.
Transfer of Assets (Transfer of generation licences, transfer of vehicles, transfer of employees, etc).
Banking facility loan agreement, facility letter, credit support documents.
Project financing for building of plant, deed of charge (fixed and floating), debenture.
ISDA Master Agreement and Novation of ISDA (Dodd Frank, FATCA Regulations etc).
Drafting/Vetting commercial leases and novation agreements.
Signing of Building Agreement between Jurong Town Corporation and TP Utilities Pte Ltd at Tembusu Crescent Jurong Island. (Area 139 000 sq m).
Supply of Equipment and Machinery, Supply of materials to Tuas Power station, Connection Agreement, Powergrid Agreements etc.
IT contracts with SAP systems, NEC, etc and vetting specifications, reviewing enhancements etc, IT and Patent law etc.
Employment Contracts, Employment letters for HR and employment law and employment procedures.
Non-disclosure Agreements and Confidentiality Agreements with Group of Companies.
Memorandum Of Understanding with global customers, including Japan, Korea, Indonesia, USA, etc.
Contract Management and Procurement Policies and Procedures, refining contractual terms, exclusion of liabilities, indemnities and limitation of liabilities.
Risk Management Policies and Procedures, setting limitation of liabilities, force majeure and SOX compliance and audit procedures, insurance claims and policies (AON and Marsh), review of risk registers, vetting and completion of insurance claims, subrogations rights, third party indemnities.
Vetting of contracts in Mandarin, Chinese Business Law and entities.
Internal Policies and Compliance and Regulatory work (HR policies, IT Policies, Procurement Policies) and working out agreements for customers.
Personal Data Protection Policy and forms for customers and vendors, management of policies and carving out framework for Personal Protection Officer.
Corporate Work like liasing with the various department teams, Health and Safety Procedures, Operational Safety, Product liability issues and tax and insurance issues.
Retail - Developing Landlord and Tenant forms for Retail, customizing various needs of customers into various agreements.
Branding and Marketing Campaigns and Products Development.
Handling of simple claims, billing enquiries and simple litigation claims, claims on banker’s guarantees and settlements.
Developing templates for IMIS and SAP system, troubleshooting issues for systems.
Arbitration (Claim by SembGas under Gas Act for Transportation Tariff and increased costs by PowerGas).
Claim against Lehman Brothers for $5 million under guarantee and derivatives contracts.
Liaising with Lehman Brothers and foreign counsels, Weil Gotshal Mangel.
Vesting of regasified LNG contracts terms and conditions from Authorities (EMA).
Drafting and vetting and negotiating retail electricity agreements for single premise and buildings.
Landlord Service Agreements, Sale and Purchase agreements.
Eg Ascendas Reit HSBC Trustees, Singapore Flyer, Capitaland, City Developments, Keppel land Prudential Tower, UOB Plaza, Ascott Residence, Chevron Group, Natsteel Holdings, Alkas Goldman Sachs for DBS Tower, Defence Science & Technology Agency DSTA group, Shaw House, Mcdonalds House,.
Metering Agreements and Metering Code (SPPG meters and private meters). Meter reading, billing, collection services from energy agents.(United Premas etc).
EMA Regulations, Electricity Act, Code of Conduct for Electricity Retailers.
Transmission Code and Connection Agreement with SP PowerGrid.
Purchase of Liquified Natural Gas from British Gas and SLNG under Sale and Purchase Agreement, Umbrella Arbitration Agreement, Terminal Use Agreement, Credit Support Documents, Step-in Rights Agreement, SPA Direct Agreement.
Fuel Reserve Agreements with vendors like Hin Leong, Glencore etc.
Construction, Infrastructure and Engineering Agreements / Utilities.
Negotiating with Mitsubishi Corporation for $100 million Contract for Service and Maintenance of combined cycle plant under Long Term Service Agreement.
Engineering Procurement and Construction of a $2 billion plant for  clean coal, steam and utilities supply to Marubeni, (Cooperation Agreements and Direct Agreements).
Utility Supply Agreement providing steam and coal to Lanxess.
Waste Management Services Agreement with Hyflux and NewEarth.
Vessel construction and transportation Agreement for coal and biomass for $50 million by PT JSK, Orchard Maritime, Samsara.
Supply of Coal/Biomass Agreement for $100 million by PT Bayan, PT Adaro, Samtan.
Tri-Generation and Co-Generation Plant Construction Services Agreement, ISK Agreement.
Warranty and defects liability issues (Product liability and latent defect issues).
Repowering project - Engineering Procurement and Construction of a $500 million combined cycle plant for LNG gas.
Other construction tenders and contracts like tenders for TP Utilities.
Regional Work - Board Work, regional matters including  liaising with TATA Consultancy, Banking matters, corresponding with foreign entities.
Presentation to shareholders Huaneng Power International on Corporate Governance.
Role of Board Directors and Board Committees – Executive Remuneration Committee, Tender Committee, Risk Management Committee, Fuel Management Committee etc.
Errors and Liabilities in Corporate Secretarial Practice by CCH.
Multi- jurisdictional work, including BVIs, Cayman Islands etc.
Board Papers, Banking policy, Insurance contracts, Reinsurance, Management Meetings.
A team player and leader in coordination of work and meetings.
Produce quality and concise advice for clients that clients comprehend.
Ability to troubleshoot solutions and alternatives for clients.
Maintaining excellent and continuing client relations in transactions.
Harry Elias Partnership – Internship in 2001 (Litigation/ Family Law and Criminal Law).
OCBC Bank – Internship for Banking policy and Procedures, Banking Compliance Work, Trade Compliance & Anti-Bribery Legislation, Wholesale and Retail Banking, Debt Settlement and Collections Department, Corporate Banking.Acted for purchaser in acquisition of real estate business from a SGX Catalist-listed issuer.
Acted for real estate developers in fund-raising via a collectively-managed investment scheme, for  the development of light-industrial property in Nusajaya, Johor, Malaysia.
Advised local social enterprise conglomerate on day-to-day legal, business issues including:.
conducting audit of the group’s policies, procedures for compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012; and - corporate restructuring.
Acted for energy provider in the sale of solar- generated power.
Advised on a wide variety of corporate-commercial agreements, including:.
Provided corporate secretarial advisory services, including:.
drafting of board, shareholders’ resolutions; and- drafting minutes of meetings.
Acted for purchaser in the acquisition of a second-hand aircraft in cross-border transactions,  including:.
aircraft sale and purchase agreement;         aircraft maintenance agreement;         aviation service agreement;         operating aircraft lease;         loan agreement; and.
Acted for borrower in relation to a US$100m term loan from ING Bank N.V.
Acted for borrower in re-financing of US$50m refinancing loan for the acquisition of aircraft in a  cross- border transaction, involving:.
drafting, review, negotiations on finance and corporate documents; and.
Advised on a wide variety of corporate-commercial agreements, including:.
Advised and acted on a variety of dispute resolution matters, including:.
matrimonial proceedings (and cross-border issues pertaining to such);.
Conducted comparative cross-jurisdictional research and analysis in relation to:.
trust law in the British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands STAR Trusts, New Zealand foreign trusts; and.
legislative framework of online gaming in Singapore and foreign gaming regulations.
Research Assistant for Professor Wan Wai Yee at SMU - Singapore Management University.
Conducted comparative research on legislative frameworks of online gaming in Australia, Hong.
Intern, Private Wealth & Trust Department at Rajah & Tann Asia.
International Exchange Student (Spring, Summer 2010), 2010.
3/30/2017—Status set to "@@system.status.replied" for "Vistra - Legal Counsel" by.Advocate and Solicitor, Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore (admitted to the Singapore Bar on 9 February 2011).
Date of birth: 1st July 1983 Place of birth: Singapore                Nationality: Singaporean.
Language Fluency: English (Fluent – Spoken and Written), Chinese (Mandarin) (Fluent – Spoken and Written), Bahasa (Basic).
Address of current residence (mailing address): 568 Upper East Coast Road, #03-03 The Daffodil, Singapore 466584.
Contact numbers: +65 8511 1193 (mobile), +65 6449 5064 (home).
Professional Memberships: Chairman of the Young Lawyers Committee (YLC), The Law Society of Singapore (“LSS”) (2015 - Current), Vice Chairman of the YLC (2014).
Member of the International Relations Committee LSS (2012-2013), Member of the Public and International Law Committee LSS (2012-2013), and Member of the Law Awareness Committee LSS (2012-2013),.
Tampines Rovers Football Club – Honorary Secretary and Executive Committee Member (2016 – Current).
University of Nottingham, United Kingdom – Law LLB (2004 – 2007).
Raffles Institution, Singapore (1996 – 1999), Raffles Junior College, Singapore (2000 – 2001).
Singapore Management University (Finance and Accounting for Lawyers) (2012).
National University of Singapore (Singapore Bar Course Part A) (2009), Board of Legal Education, Singapore (Singapore Bar Course Part B) (2010).
The George Washington University, School of Business – Managing Outsourcing Contracts (2008).
Singapore Mediation Centre – Managing Conflicts through Mediation (2008).
University of Hong Kong – Special Introductory Course in Business Associations (2007); Special Introductory Course in Evidence (2007).
Teaching in Higher Education Certificate (Tertiary) (2013).
Temasek Polytechnic – Adjunct Lecturer / Corporate Trainer.
Singapore Post Limited – Senior Manager, Strategic Development and Legal, eCommerce, Greater China Region. Part of Group Leadership Management core and Corporate Transformation Initiative.
Eversheds LLP - Associate - Corporate / Commercial / Mergers & Acquisitions / Capital Markets (through captive Singapore law firm in association with Eversheds).
WongPartnership LLP - Associate - Capital Markets Practice Group.
Wincor Nixdorf, Asia Pacific Regional Legal Counsel                   (May 2015 – Current).
I am a Legal Counsel with Wincor Nixdorf, a German – American information technology, systems and software company, here in the Singapore office which also serves as the Regional Headquarters for Asia Pacific. I assist the General Counsel in supporting the various business units in Wincor Nixdorf in the Asia Pacific, including but not limited to Mergers & Acquisitions, risk and compliance, and other corporate commercial related matters.
Tampines Rovers Football Club, Honorary Secretary and Executive Committee Member (May 2016 – Current).
I am the Honorary Secretary and ExCo member of Tampines Rovers Football Club, a professional SLeague football club in Singapore. I started with volunteering with the club in 2015, assisting and contributing in my professional legal capacity, reviewing legal documentation, handling the corporate secretarial matters and providing strategic direction in relation to sponsors, funding, community engagement, charitable social causes (fund raising for needy students excelling in sports), marketing and general management.
The Law Society of Singapore, Young Lawyers Committee, Chairperson      (January 2015 – Current).
I am the Chairperson of the Young Lawyers Committee of the Law Society of Singapore. My committee focuses on addressing the needs and concerns of junior lawyers (which form a large sector of the industry), in the form of supporting various initiatives, international conferences and co-delivering seminars for junior lawyers. We also support and contribute regular monthly magazine and journal articles.
Under my leadership, I led an inaugural deep dive addressing the high attrition rate of junior lawyers. I sought and championed for sponsorship funding for deserving junior lawyers to attend international legal conferences – something successfully implemented for the first time this year. I also proactively increased community outreach career talks to pre-university students, to help make more informed career decisions.
I am an Adjunct Associate in UniSIM’s School of Law and Business.
Temasek Polytechnic, Adjunct Lecturer / Corporate Trainer        (October 2013 - Current).
I am an Adjunct Lecturer in Temasek Polytechnic’s School of Business and I lecture on the module of Legal Systems and Methods for the Diploma in Legal Executive Studies Course.
I also customise and deliver training courses for corporations in the fields of general corporate law, the sale of goods, negotiations and disputes resolutions, and any other specific industry requirements.
Singapore Post Limited, Senior Manager, Strategic Development and Legal, eCommerce, Greater China region                              (August 2014 – April 2015).
I was a Senior Manager of Strategic Development and Legal for Singapore Post’s eCommerce subsidiary business unit, in charge of the Greater China region. I was also part of the Group Leadership Management core. I initiated team building and fund raising events like Christmas caroling, which was well received and supported by top management.
In my Legal role, I drafted the employee phantom share option plan for our eCommerce subsidiary, as well as fine-tuned the internal legal processes and documentation. I drafted and reviewed master services agreements, enabler agreements, non-disclosure agreements, letters of intent, memorandum of understanding, supply chain related agreements like warehousing and logistics agreements (both the provision of and receipt of services).
In my Strategic Development role, I conducted feasibility studies on potential joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions in the Greater China region, the rest of Asia and also in the United States of America, and advised on any legal issues in the transactions. I also assisted in business development, pitching our end-to-end eCommerce and fulfillment solutions to potential business partners.
Reason for leaving: Corporate Commercial Associate position not retained.
I was an Associate in the Corporate Commercial department of Rajah & Tann LLP, working on Mergers and Acquisitions, Banking and Finance, and general corporate matters.
Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Issuance of Senior Fixed and Floating Rate Notes (acted as Listing Agent for the Issuer).
Reviewed Offering Document for compliance with Singapore Listing Rules.
Mizuho Financial Group (Cayman) 3 Limited Issuance of Subordinate Notes (acted as Listing Agent for the Issuer).
Reviewed Offering Document for compliance with Singapore Listing Rules.
Client Memorandum on Continuing Listing Obligations for Debt Securities.
Prepared and updated memorandum on continuing listing obligations for Debt Securities.
Corporate Commercial / Mergers and Acquisitions / Private Equity.
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
Provided views, feedback and responses on the proposed changes to the Business Names Registration Bill as part of the Public Consultation process.
Advised on Singapore law issues and performing due diligence on target company’s Singapore subsidiary.
Advised on Singapore law issues in its Share Subscription Agreement.
Advised on Singapore law issues in its Share Sale and Purchase Agreement.
Drafted Share Purchase Agreement and all other necessary documents (resolutions, ACRA filings etc.).
Advised on Singapore charities laws issues in its restructuring.
Reviewed Publishing Agreement and advised on Singapore law issues.
Drafted Share Purchase Mandate, reviewed Code of Corporate Governance for Annual Report and attended Annual General Meeting.
Drafted various Social Enterprise related Loan Agreements.
Eversheds LLP, Associate (Capital Markets / Mergers and Acquisitions) (January 2013 – August 2013).
Reason for leaving: No QFLP and Captive Singapore Law Firm dissolved and struck-off.
Aspial Corporation Limited Renounceable Rights Issue of New Ordinary Shares in the Capital of Aspial Corporation Limited (2013) (acted for the Issuer).
Assisted Issuer with the preparation and submission of the additional listing application to the SGX-ST, including customary verification interviews with board of directors and key executive officers, review of all collateral application peripherals, drafting of milestone announcements.
Re-listing of IOI Properties Sdn Bhd on Bursa Malaysia (2013) (acted for the Issuer as Singapore Counsel).
Carried out full scale legal due-diligence on various subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore in connection with a re-listing exercise of IOI Properties Sdn Bhd on Bursa Malaysia.
Reviewed Share Purchase Agreement, due diligence, advisory work on Employment Law, Data Protection Law, Singapore Law issues.
Chew’s Group Limited Joint Venture in the People’s Republic of China.
Drafted Memorandum and Articles of Association of Joint Venture Company.
Drafted Trust Deed and Subscription Letters for Chinese shareholders.
Drafted Circulars for Share Purchase Mandates, Employee Share Option Schemes and recurring mandates for Interested Party Transactions.
Drafted Retail Licence Agreements and ancillary agreements (Assignment Deeds).
Reviewed and vetted general corporate agreements in both English and Chinese.
Prepared various public listed companies’ Annual General Meetings’ and Extraordinary General Meetings’ Notices and Agendas, quarterly and half yearly meeting materials, and SGX announcements and updates on corporate actions. I also attended quarterly Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee meetings.
WongPartnership LLP, Associate (Equity Capital Markets)                (June 2011 – January 2013).
Ascendas Hospitality Trust Initial Public Offering (2012) - Stapled REIT-Business Trust (with an international portfolio of properties) IPO on the Singapore Exchange (acted for the Underwriters).
Drafted and negotiated underwriting agreement, agreement among underwriters, sub-underwriting agreement and stabilisation memorandum.
Delivered Singapore disclosure letter and enforceability opinion.
Assisted Joint Bookrunners with the preparation and submission of SGX New Listing Application.
Reviewed pre-deal research reports, press releases at different stages of the IPO process, prospectus and other peripherals like gatefold, print advertisements, publicity videos.
Conducted due diligence verification calls / meetings with various parties.
Tiger Airways Renounceable Rights Issue of New Ordinary Shares in the Capital of Tiger Airways (2011) (acted for the issuer).
Drafted the “Risk Factors” section of Offer Information Statement.
Legal Due Diligence Audit of an Investment Bank in Singapore pertaining to their IPOs of certain S-Chips on the Singapore Exchange.
Inspected and opined on management of and internal reporting structure adopted.
Inspected and opined on the handling of issues uncovered, including verifying responses given to poison pen letters.
Alliance Select Foods International Inc. dual listing on the Singapore Exchange of Singapore Depository Receipts (SDS) (not yet public information).
Drafted Offering Document, performed customary legal documentary due diligence, overseas site visits and interviewed key executive officers, major suppliers and major customers.
Tiger Airways Holdings Limited, Legal Counsel (secondment lawyer)      (July 2011 – August 2011) (extended Secondment on Client’s request).
Assisted the General Counsel / Company Secretary in liaising with and instructing external counsel, advising the Board of Directors, Executive Management, and business units across the group on legal, strategic and commercial issues including employment law, liability issues, company law, litigation, tax, contractual relationships, business expansion, aircraft financing and various regulatory matters.
Crisis management efforts - worked closely with external Australian counsel in negotiating with Australian regulators (Civil Aviation Safety Authority) in the July 2011 Tiger Airways Australia fleet grounding crisis. I also assisted in working closely with the Singapore regulators (Singapore Exchange Limited) in the various disclosures and follow up actions stemming from the Australian grounding issues.
Overseas joint ventures (mergers and acquisitions), including negotiations and documentation for joint ventures throughout South East Asia (Indonesia and Thailand), including advising the leadership team and board on strategic matters in relation to company expansion.
Assisted with preparation of the company’s Annual General Meeting and Board Meetings, SGX Announcements and various papers that were put up for Board approval.
Singapore Airlines Limited, Legal Counsel            (November 2007 - August 2009).
Reason for leaving: To undertake Part A of the Singapore Bar Course.
Provided legal and regulatory advice and liaising with and instructing external counsel, on strategic and commercial issues including employment law, liability issues, company law, litigation, tax, contractual relationships, and business expansion to the various business units of the Singapore Airlines Group, including subsidiaries SilkAir and Tradewinds.
Reviewed, drafted and negotiated commercial agreements relating to:.
Competition Law (including class action suits in Europe filed against SIA and in Australia and New Zealand filed against SIA Cargo).
Joint ventures (SIA’s stake holding in Virgin Atlantic and attempted exit strategies).
Marketing (ancillary revenue programs, online and offline marketing programs and promotions).
General Agreements (memoranda of understanding and confidentiality / non-disclosure agreements).
I was company secretary for Sing Bi Funds Pte Ltd and SIA Properties, and recording secretary for Tradewinds Pte Ltd.
I interned at the litigation department of Drew and Napier LLC, under the guidance of Mr. Davinder Singh, Senior Counsel.
Assisted in a disciplinary matter involving a Singapore lawyer before the Court of 3 Judges.
Assisted in drafting research memoranda and witness statements.
I interned at Harry Elias Partnership under the chief guidance of the late Mr. Subhas Anandan.
Assisted in drafting affidavits and attending of court sessions in relation to criminal, civil, commercial, matrimonial, construction and appellant litigation.
Main Host for The Law Society of Singapore’s 2013 Biennial Lecture.
Presenting the Closing Remarks at the International Bar Association Annual Conference 2014 & 2015.
Co-Trainer for The Law Society of Singapore’s Ethics in Practice Course (2015 & 2014).
Mooting (School of Law mooting competition – Quarterfinalist, Year 1).
Writing: Contributing to the Singapore Law Gazette various articles including Legal Practice Issues and Travel Journals.
Football (University of Nottingham Malaysian Singaporean Society 2004 – 2007. Captain in 2006, vice-captain from 2004 – 2005, Cripps Hall of Residence, University of Nottingham Law Society).
I enjoy playing the piano, Chinese martial arts, the outdoors, reading, golf, football, floorball, squash and the delights of culinary. I am also an avid traveler, and I love to see and immerse myself in different cultures, environments and the sights and sounds of different lands, both near and far away from home.To be internal and external stakeholders’ one stop point of reference for all corporate actions.
CORPORATE GOVERENANCE   DRAFTING  DATA SECURITY  CONTACTS  RISK MANAGEMENT  COMPLIANCE  M&A  POLICIES  COMPANIES ACT  TRUST  JOINT VENTURES   ISDA.
Senior Legal Counsel for Major Commodity Trader (NYSE Listed Fortune 500),.
Review, draft, negotiate and mange legal agreements and contracts in support of soft oils, grains and oilseed trade.
Senior Legal Counsel • [Major COMMODITY TRADER listed on NYSE].
Negotiate, review, draft and manage legal agreements in support of Commodity Trading business.
Advise on Data Protection, HSR, AML, EU sanction and other regulations.
Manage a team of 4 professional staff out of Singapore Head Office. (Group comprises some 270+ subsidiaries and associates in 73 countries).
Responsible for delivery of service standards for corporate governance, including training, mentoring and troubleshoot internal controls policies etc.
Provide contract and legal support to the Sales Team and Management on all business operations and activities.
Group General Manager, Corporate • International SOS Pte Ltd • Apr 2013 - Jan 2015.
Manage the establishment, organization and statutory reporting on 230 legal entities across 70+ jurisdictions; restructuring system and policies for corporate statutory records, and licences required for medical operations.
Internal review of corporate policies compliance, trouble shoot risk governance and data management.
Advise and support BU on various data protection issues including impact to various BU.
Company Secretary / Legal Manager • Wilmar International Ltd.
Provide active support to the Board of Directors in their legal and fiduciary role under the SGX rules, relevant statutes & regulations.
Extensive experience in Negotiating, Drafting, Reviewing and managing complex Contracts, Agreements & Documentation for Operational, Trade and Banking related matters including (among others) Master Supply, SLA, NDA, Joint Ventures, Trade Facilities, BOT, PPP, Bank Facilities Term sheets, Ship Manufacture, Aircraft Ownership & Management, Intellectual Property and Trade Secrets Agreements.
Advise and manage supervise SGX disclosures (Announcements etc.), legal reporting and regulatory filing requirements.
Support of BU operations including negotiations with key stakeholders. Types of BU include manufacturing, IT 3rd party service providers and sales & marketing functions.
Attend to Board, Committee and Shareholders Meetings, arrange board papers and ensure issues are kept confidential.
Company Secretary / Legal Manager • Continental ChemicaLS cORP pTE lTD • Feb 2003 - Mar 2006.
Negotiate, draft and deliver series of turnkey EPC contracts for Specialty Chemicals Business totaling US$200m.
Corporate Secretary / Legal Officer • rgm iNTERNATIONAL lIMITED.
Establish corporate secretarial procedures and processes with adequate documentation which promote efficiency and accountability.
Administer corporate secretarial function under the Companies Act.
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Law and History • 1990 • Oxford Brookes University.
Studied in UK for 3 years before returning to Singapore to commence working life.
Graduated and Elevated to Associate Member (ACIS) • 2001 • sINGAPORE Association of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (SAICSA).
Professional Qualification to act as Company Secretary under s.171 of the Companies Act. Elevated as Associate Member after no less than 6 years relevant working experience.
Reverse Takeover of Ezyhealth Asia Pacific Limited (subsequently renamed ‘Wilmar International Limited’), US$1.2 b.
Merger with Kuok Oils & Grains Pte Ltd and PGEO Group Sdn Bhd– US$1.6 b.
Acquisition of Wilmar Holdings Pte Ltd’s interests in its subsidiaries and associated companies in China S$1.7 b.
Acquisition of all of Archer Daniels Midland Asia Pacific’s interest in its China Assets S$730.6 m.
Issue of US$300,000,000 4.50% fixed rate senior unsecured notes due 2021.
Establishment of US$650 million revolving credit facility.
Overhaul Corporate Reporting and Corporate Governance system for SGX Listed Company; and Design, Implement, Review and Enforce Corporate Governance policies for SGX Listed Company.
Establish corporate policies, review and audit compliance with existing policies, procedures and processes for multinational company.
Portfolio review of 3,500+ trademark registrations in some 60+ countries.
Ship Building contracts negotiation for 8 kansaimax class bulk carriers with option for additional 4 vessels.
Aircraft Operators’ licence (part 135 exemption) for deployment into Indonesia.
Specialty Fats, Intermediate Petrochemicals and Bio-diesel start-up projects, including establishment carbon capture credit capture mechanism.
Establish agreement structure for USD1b aromatics complex (specialty chemicals) greenfield project.
Review, negotiate and support extensive BOT, PIP and other forms of facilities construction agreements for commodities, manufacturing and production businesses.
Establishment of contract base for offshore service support business (out sourcing).
Establishment of captive insurance entity with relevant permits and licences.
Manage implementation of Integrated Reporting regime for annual reporting to shareholders.
Topic Presented: An Inter-Disciplinary Approach to Risk Management.SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY                  JURIS DOCTOR             Aug 2013 - Dec 2015.
Completed 5 accounting and taxation courses (Summer school pursuing master program).
CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY OF FRESNO                  B.Sc. HONORS FINANCE             Jan 2007 - May 2010.
Completed 172 semester units in 3.5 years vs norm of 120 units in 4 years. Presidential Smittcamp Honors Medallion, awarded only to the top 0.1%. Golden Key Membership and Leadership Certificate, awarded only to the top 5%.
Chartered Trust and Estate Planner (CTEP), Master Management Consultant (MMC), Chartered Economist (ChE), Master Financial Professional (MFP), Certified Valuation Manager (CVM), Certified Hedge Fund Professional (CHP), Certified Private Equity Professional (CPEP).
Wealth Planner and Solutions Developer. Developed and maintained thorough knowledge of the legal and tax aspects of the personal wealth and financial planning issues facing UHNW clients internationally. Analysed the legal and tax viability of wealth planning solutions for prospects and clients. Monitored changes to the wealth planning environment internationally and investigated the potential impact or opportunities for the company. Provided legal and tax assistance on matters regarding new and existing business and clients, provided trust advisory support to the group, conducted education for internal and external clients on trust and structuring strategies. Participated actively in marketing initiatives, including presentations and contribution to newsletters.
Tax, Trust and Funds Practice. Ranked in the top 20 international law firms in Asia.
Paralegal. Assisted on UK and cross-border transactional advisory including M&A, private equity tax and finance tax; joint ventures and collaboration structures; real estate tax; funds formation work for private equity, debt, real estate and infrastructure funds; planning for major projects, such as infrastructure and energy investment proposals; advising on group structures, including group reorganisations, simplification projects, demergers and returns of capital; employment taxation; international tax structuring advice, including strategic decisions on where to locate holding vehicles and intellectual property, negotiation of cross-border contracts and advice on transfer pricing policies.
Funds, Corporate and M&A, Real Estate and Litigation Practice. Ranked in the top 10 Singapore local firms.
Trainee Solicitor. Advised on continuing compliance obligations of fund management companies, offering of foreign funds in Singapore and Collective Investment Scheme registration requirements, M&A, tax issues, restructuring, group reconstruction, and financing transactions involving private equity and listed funds. Drafted sale and purchase agreement, due diligence report, investment management agreement, private placement memorandum, platform service agreement, shareholders’ agreement, subscription agreement, employment contract, Indonesia joint venture agreement, loan agreement, pledge of shares agreement, power of attorney, options, security agreement, etc.
Wealth Planning Team has managed wealth for private clients all over the world for over 200 years.
Wealth Planner. Reviewed of legal documents such as trust deeds, letters of wishes, deeds of addition, indemnity etc, as well as transaction related documents as and when the same occur under an existing structure such as share sale/swap transactions, IPO, sale of real estate and others. Performed extensive research and a comparative analysis in legal areas relevant to private clients such as tax, community of property laws, and inheritance provisions in the core.
regions of activity in Asia Pacific (11 countries) and Latin America (17 countries) using statutes, LawInContext and International Tax Base.
Trust, Funds, and Corporate Practice. Ranked in the top 20 offshore law firms according to the Legal 500.
The Rockwills Group provides solutions in the areas of will writing (more than 100,000 wills written) and custody, estate planning, trust administration and management, onshore and offshore companies formation.
Singapore based consultant firm emphasized on accounting, investment, and business consulting services.
Global Business Manager. Reviewed investment projects and prepared tax computation include corporate tax, individual tax, GST, and stamp duties to meet with tax compliance regulations, submitted the tax return to the Comptroller and monitored the status of tax assessments. Created accounting and financial management planning for clients. Implemented marketing strategy via 10,000 SEO links, 500 news articles, 5,000 social network posts.
Research Assistant, CRAIG SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, CALIFORNIA                      2009 – 2012.
Market Consultant, CUIN2, WEST HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA                                       2011 • Contributor, THECELEBRITYCAFE.COM, NEW YORK              2011.
Comparison Study on Neural Network with Ordinary Least Squares Model to Stocks’ Prices Forecasting. Academy of Information and Management Sciences Journal. Vol. 15, No.1, pp. 1-36, 2012.
The Time Series and Neural Network of Predicting Daily Stock Prices. Investment Management and Financial Innovations. Vol. 9, No. 1, 2012.
Forecasting Financial Stocks using Data Mining. Global Economy and Finance Journal, Vol. 3, No. 2, pp.13-26, 2010.
Allied Academy Fall 2010 International Conference (Las Vegas, 2010), 17th Annual Global Finance Conference (Poland, 2010), Annual American Business Research Conference (Las Vegas, 2010), 21st Asian Pacific Conference on International Accounting Issues (Las Vegas, 2010), Graduate Research & Creative Activities Symposium (Fresno,.
2010), 31st Central California Research Symposium (Fresno, 2010), 10th Craig School Honors Colloquium (Fresno, 2010), 33rd Annual SSRIC Student Research Conference (Pomona, 2010). DISCUSSANT:.
Honorary Global Advisory Committee, AAFM ® American Academy of Financial Management ®, 2010-present.
Policy Debate Team Competition at University California Berkeley 2008.
Board Representative, California Community College Student Association Leadership, 2007.
Language Ability: English (Fluent), Bahasa Indonesia (Native), Teo Chew, Hakka, Basic Mandarin, Basic Japanese.Currently, I’m working as a Legal Counsel – Vice President, in the Global Markets Legal team of Maybank, Singapore. My job responsibilities include the following:-.
Negotiating industry standard traded products documentation such as loan-specific (syndicated & bi-lateral) as well as standard ISDA Master Agreements, Credit Support Annexes, TBMA/ICMA Global Master Repurchase Agreements, Master Agreements relating to Islamic Products including IDMAs and other ancillary documentation for Global Markets with various corporate counterparties, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Fund set-ups as well as Financial Institutions, with a focus on Singapore and other assigned regional jurisdictions.
Responsible for the entire documentation process which includes preparation of drafts, reviewing and negotiating bespoke and standard master agreements, managing counterparties, seeking approvals as well as coordinating work with Credit, Business, Collateral Management, Tax and Compliance departments.
Liaising with external legal counsel across the region to obtain legal opinion with respect to the enforceability of derivative transactions and other legal issues with counterparties and other matters concerning bespoke master agreements like syndicated loan-specific ISDA Master Agreements.
Involved in regulatory projects which include re-papering of new margin rules compliant VM CSAs.
Maintaining and updating documentation lists and involved in special ad-hoc projects such as policy and audit related matters.
Participating in industry conferences & meetings and contributing to the team by sharing updates on regional legal and regulatory developments, particularly in the regional context.
Facilitating the completion of contracts for key counterparties of Global Markets to maximise timely deal flows.
Handling queries from relevant stake-holders and clients.
I was working as a documentation analyst in the private banking documentation team of Barclays Wealth. My job scope included the following:.
Supporting business units by drafting facility agreement/letters, corporate and security documents for private clients including individual clients and Special Purpose Vehicle Companies, based on legal and credit policies.
Drafting non-standard documentation subject to review by senior in-house lawyers.
Providing legal advice to business units on issues relating to facility and security documentation.
Conducting due-diligence and bankruptcy/insolvency searches on existing and new clients from approved jurisdictions, as per the legal policy.
Negotiating and liaising with external lawyers on the matters relating to registration of securities, legal opinions and conducting due diligence on clients from non-approved jurisdictions, as per the legal policy.
Liaising with internal as well as external stakeholders including the private bankers, credit authorities, internal and external lawyers, valuers, insurers with regards to standard, non-standard transactions and security perfection.
I was working as a legal documentation manger in the legal documentation team which was part of the wholesale banking legal department. My job scope included the following:.
Supporting business units by drafting standard facility letters/agreements and reviewing facility/loan agreements pertaining to bi-lateral and syndicated transactions which included leverage, structure trade and project finance transactions, prepared by external counsels.
Providing legal advice as well as assisting senior wholesale banking lawyers in providing legal advice to business units and giving updates to senior wholesale banking lawyers on the status of the transactions.
Maintaining and preparing standard agreements, corporate guarantees and other financing documents largely based on internal templates.
Liaising with external lawyers on non-standard agreements relating to loan and facility documentation which included bi-lateral and syndicated transactions and matters/documents concerning perfection of security etc.
Liaising and coordinating with internal as well as external stakeholders including the business units, relationship managers, credit authorities, internal and external  lawyers, with regards to standard and non-standard transactions.
Reviewing corporate documents like standard and non-standard board resolutions, letters of comfort and letters of undertaking etc.
I was working as a foreign lawyer in Opal Lawyers LLC, Singapore and my job scope included the following:.
Handling corporate finance related matters including drafting and reviewing of prospectuses, Initial Public Offers, Additional Listing Applications and dealing with associated regulations like Securities and Futures Act (SFA), Securities and Futures Regulations (SFR) and Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) regulations.
Drafting and reviewing of various commercial contracts like share purchase agreements, shareholders’ agreements, facility agreements, loan agreements, MOUs etc.
Handling asset and wealth management related matters including funds and unit trusts, drafting and reviewing of trust deeds and prospectuses and dealing with related regulations like Securities and Futures (Offers Of Investments) (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations, Code of Collective Investment Schemes by MAS and  their compliance.
Handling corporate secretarial matters including drafting of directors’ and shareholders’ resolutions, announcements, etc., ACRA searches, filings etc.
Harry Elias Partnership LLP, Singapore – (Sept 2007 - Aug 2008).
I was working as a Senior Paralegal in Harry Elias Partnrship LLP, Singapore and my job scope included the following:.
Handling corporate finance related matters, including review of prospectuses, verification and drafting of circulars and dealing with associated regulations like SFA, Securities SFR and SGX rules and regulations.
Drafting and vetting of commercial contracts like loan agreements, facility agreements, sale and purchase agreements, shareholders’ agreements etc.
Handling general corporate matters, conducting research and providing legal opinions relating to corporate matters.
I was part of the in-house corporate legal team and was working as a legal executive. My job responsibilities included the following:.
Drafting and vetting of various commercial and operational contracts like non-disclosure agreements, collaboration agreements, management licence agreements, lease agreements, clinical trial agreements, manufacturing agreements, supply agreements, clearing & forwarding agent agreements and distributorship agreements.
Handling litigation matters including product liability matters, civil matters, consumer matters, and matters pertaining to negotiable instruments.
Coordinating and liaising with external counsels in relation to the litigation matters and managing the litigation database.
Conducting and reviewing due-diligence reports concerning the hospitals.
Pursued Bachelor’s of law,  L.L.B., in 2005 from Symbiosis Law School Pune, India.
Pursued Bachelor’s of Socio-Legal Sciences, B.S.L,. in 2003 from Symbiosis Law School Pune, India.
Pursued Post Graduate Diploma in International Business Laws, in 2005 from Symbiosis Law School, Pune, India.
Pursued Post Graduate Diploma in Special Corporate Laws, in 2004 from Indian Law Society’s Law College, Pune, India.
Common law qualified lawyer (called to the Delhi Bar Council, India, in May 2008).
Conversant with MS office and various legal databases like Lawnet, LexisNexis, Westlaw, etc.National University of Singapore (Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy) – Master in Public Policy (2011).
National University of Singapore (Faculty of Law) – Bachelor of Laws (Second Class Upper) (2011).
Monetary Authority of Singapore (September 2016 to Present).
Providing legal advice, drafting legislation and other regulatory instruments and developing the legal framework in respect of MAS’ supervisory and regulatory functions relating to banking, capital markets, insurance and financial technology issues as well as advising on commercial matters.
Acted for Mr Oei Hong Leong in a dispute with Goldman Sachs International (Oei Hong Leong v Goldman Sachs International [2014] 3 SLR 1217) in respect of certain ISDA transactions. The Court had to decide which of 2 competing dispute resolution clauses (one favouring arbitration and the other favouring the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts) contained in separate agreements applied.
Acted for a family member of a convicted ex-employee of a local Bank in a claim by the Bank for monies it had paid to its customers as a result of the ex-employee’s fraud. Successfully set aside the worldwide Mareva Injunction ordered against our client and negotiated a settlement of the dispute.
Acting for an ex-employee of a local Bank in a claim by the Bank for monies it paid to a customer, allegedly as a result of unauthorised transactions entered into by the ex-employee.
Acted for a delisted company in the business of distribution of food products in a claim for negligence against its ex-directors and a local top audit firm. We managed to obtain judgment against 2 ex-directors and negotiated a.
Acted for a top local company in the food and beverage business and its founder in respect of defamatory remarks published by a public relations firm. We successfully negotiated for a settlement.
Acted against a leading local specialist clinic for 2 patients who suffered blurred vision after undergoing lasik surgery. We successfully negotiated a settlement for both patients.
Advised a beneficial owner of shares of a Seychelles company on commencing an action in Singapore for a claim of conspiracy to defraud him of his investment in an Indonesian company which owed a debt of over US$10 million to the Seychelles company. The debt was the sole asset of the Seychelles company.
Advised 2 local family owned companies which were in the hotel management and property business on the conduct of meetings given the allegations of minority oppression by the majority shareholders of each company.
9. Assisted in defending a company in respect of a dispute relating to an agreement to fund 2 Indonesian companies which had been incorporated to build and operate power stations.
Certificate in Translation Skills by Singapore Chinese Chamber Institute of Business (2005).
CCA Distinction Award for Invaluable service to Choir by Yishun Junior College (2005).
Best Performance Award in General Paper by Yishun Junior College (2005).
I have also represented Yishun Junior College in the Singapore Youth Festival 2005 Central Judging of Choirs and also in the National Economics and Fund Management Quiz organized by NUS (2005).
1.  KPMG Undergraduate Scholarship  2.  NTU Nanyang Scholarship.
Note:  These two scholarships were offered but were not accepted.
Secondary school:  Chinese Literary Drama and Debate Society (President).
I love music and in my free time, I like to catch up with friends by meeting up and having chats or going for karaoke.  I also enjoy cycling, badminton and watching comedies.
Advocate and Solicitor in the Republic of Singapore since 14 March 2012.I graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) and have been a Singapore­qualified advocate and solicitor since 2011. I have had transactional experience at a leading Singapore law firm in the general banking and finance practice area. At present, I am a legal counsel with an international bank in Singapore, providing advice in the areas of corporate and trade finance, OTC derivatives and general contract and company law.
(Mizuho­SG) 1. Corporate and Trade Finance / OTC Derivatives Transaction / General Advisory.
Acts as in­house counsel on a variety of general banking / corporate matters to ensure legal risks are minimised in the day­to­day operations of Mizuho­SG. This includes a) providing transaction specific advice (for syndicated and bilateral financing), b) conducting training for Mizuho­SG employees, c) managing the appointment and instruction of external counsel, d) coordinating legal management policies with Mizuho­SG’s Head Office in Japan, e) advising and implementing Mizuho­SG’s policies on legal risk management, f) drafting, reviewing and negotiation of documentation for loans, accounts, OTC derivative transactions, trade financing, banker’s guarantees, service agreements and g) drafting, reviewing and advising on corporate mandate documentation.
Work scope includes drafting, reviewing and negotiation of: o Revolving / Term Loan Agreement Templates for China (Suzhou.
Industrial Park), Singapore, India, Indonesia and Vietnam; o Finance Documents in syndicated loans;.
Trade Finance Documentation (Invoice Discounting, Receivables Purchase Financing, Silent Payment Guarantee Master Agreement,.
Agreements, EMTA Master Confirmation Agreements);  o Global Master Securities Lending Agreements (GMSLA); o Derivative­embedded Loan Agreements;.
SWIFT SCORE Agreements (to support corporate­to­bank communications via the SWIFT messaging system);.
Facility Letters, Current Accounts & Deposits Terms and Conditions; o Service Agreements (including SaaS Agreements); o Confidentiality Agreements / Non­Disclosure Agreements; o Demand Guarantees, Standby Letters of Credit;.
Corporate Mandate (board resolutions, shareholders’ resolutions, power of attorney).
▪ Advises Mizuho­SG on its various regulatory obligations in collaboration with the Compliance division.
▪ Successful  implementation  of  Mizuho­SG’s  Policies  and Documentations in connection with the following Regulatory Areas: o Personal Data (Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012),.
Sanctions, Anti­Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of.
Terrorism; o Outsourcing (MAS Guidelines on Outsourcing).
Liaises with Mizuho­SG’s product specialists, instructs external counsel and reviews documentation for new products and services by the Bank.
(WongPartnership LLP) 4. Transactional Banking and Finance.
Main responsibilities include reviewing, drafting and advising on financing documents including facility agreements, shareholder loan agreements, security and quasi­security documents (including assignments, share charges, debentures, inter­creditor agreements, security trust deeds, guarantees, deeds of discharge, reassignments and release), board resolutions, legal opinions and registration of charges, satisfaction of charges, variation of charges with the Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
▪ Acted as counsel to the manager of the Borrower (a Singapore­listed REIT) in two simultaneous transactions to refinance a S$500 million term loan facility, in which the borrower obtained a S$320 million term loan facility and S$185 million term loan facility from two syndicates of four banks, which were parties to the original S$500 million financing.
▪ Acted as lenders’ counsel to effect a change in the security agent and the addition of a new borrower in a $500 million trade financing transaction involving a pulp­producing conglomerate. This transaction involved coordinating with the exiting facility agent/ security agent, incoming facility agent/security agent, the lenders, the borrower, foreign counsel in Hong Kong, Cayman islands, Bermuda, Macau and Indonesia, drafting amendment and restatement agreements to the security trust agreement, guarantee, as well as the drafting of new security to be provided by the new lender (based on security already provided by original borrower), commercial contracts and legal opinion.
▪ Acted as counsel of a Singapore­listed company in the partial repayment of two secured term loan facilities (A$105 million and S$320 million) which involves a partial discharge of mortgage for the SGD facility, and a security substitution exercise for the AUD facility in which the existing security given thereunder is discharged and substituted for security given under another A$86 million facility involving the company.
▪ Acted as counsel for Standard Chartered Bank and Oversea­Chinese Banking Corporation, as mandated lead arrangers, in respect of the S$100 million loan facility to Ying Li International Real Estate Ltd, the first significant Chongqing property developer to be listed in Singapore through its key.
subsidiary, Chongqing Yingli Real Estate Development Co Ltd, for the refinancing of certain debts of Ying Li and its subsidiaries.
▪ Acted as Singapore counsel to the Xstrata group of companies in relation to the working capital facility arrangements entered into between a Singapore­incorporated subsidiary and several Singapore­incorporated joint venture companies, which arrangements were documented in transaction documents governed under Singapore law​.
(Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Singapore) 5. Foreign Policy & Government.
▪ Oversaw United Nations (“​UN​”) 6th​ Committee and work agenda with the Attorney­General’s Chambers and other relevant agencies to monitor, analyse and formulate positions on the agenda items considered in the Committee.
▪ Monitored developments, analyse and work with relevant agencies to formulate positions on the International Criminal Court, International Humanitarian Law, Responsibility to Protect, UN Convention against.
Corruption, and the UN Convention Against Transnational Organised Crime.
▪ Oversaw Singapore’s engagement with the International Committee of the.
Red Cross (“​ICRC​”), including the visit by the President of the ICRC to Singapore.
▪ Managed Singapore’s humanitarian relief contributions to UN agencies/ in response to UN Flash Appeals.
▪ Worked with agencies to ensure Singapore’s compliance of UN Security Council resolutions (except for sanctions related to counter­proliferation, DPRK and Iran).
▪ Monitored candidatures of other countries to international organisations. Work with external agencies to decide, propose and implement vote swap arrangements, as well as to lobby support for Singapore’s candidatures to international organisations.
▪ Advocate and Solicitor, Supreme Court of Singapore (since August 2011) ▪ Singapore Institute of Legal Education.
­ Distinctions in Intellectual Property Law, Private International Law and Economic Law (courses conducted and examined in Chinese).
▪ Singapore Armed Forces, HQ Army Medical Services, 3rd Combat Support.
­  Certificate of Service: Combat Medic (Outstanding Performance) (2006).
­  National Service Excellence Award (2016) ▪ Victoria Junior College.
­ Scholastic Assessment Test (“SAT”) I ­ (Total: 1560/1600, Verbal: 800, Math: 760).
­ Service Awards (Student’s Council & English Literary Drama & Debating Society) (2001).
­ Tan Kiok Ngiap Memorial Award (Academic Award): Top in English Language (Sec 3) (2000).
­ Singapore Youth Festival Central Judging Competition (Drama) – Silver Award (2001) Gold Award (1999) ▪ Others.
­ Kayaking Proficiency Personal Skill 1­Star and 2­Star Awards (2014).________________________________________________________________________.
Primarily involved in reviewing due diligence reports on the property or the property holding company, legal opinions from foreign counsel, acquisition documents such as sale and purchase agreement and put and call option agreement, prospectus, agreements with service providers, conducting site visits, and responding to queries from the local regulators.
Acted for The Trust Company (Asia) Limited, as trustee of Ascendas Hospitality REIT, in the acquisition of Park Hotel Clarke Quay.
Acted for HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited, as trustee of Ascendas REIT, in the acquisition of Corporation Place, an industrial building.
Acted for HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited, as trustee of Cache Logistics Trust, in the development of a buildto-suit logistics warehouse for DHL Supply Chain.
Acted for HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited, as trustee of Frasers Centrepoint Trust, in the acquisition of Changi City Point, a retail mall.
Primarily involved in reviewing the property acquisition documents, liaising with JTC Corporation (where applicable) and liaising with foreign counsel (where applicable), in working towards completion.
Acted for HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited, as trustee of various REITs, in debt raising exercises relating to Suntec REIT, Ascendas REIT, Starhill Global REIT and Cache Logistics Trust, amongst others.
Primarily involved in reviewing the facility agreements, fee letters, and security documents such as mortgage, assignment of proceeds and debenture.
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited (Secondment, March 2011 – May 2011).
Served as the transaction manager, actively liaising with internal departments, legal counsels and REIT managers with the objective of working towards the completion of acquisitions and financing, amongst others.
Handled various aspects of REIT documentation such as sale and purchase agreements, financing documents and service agreements.
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited (Secondment, September 2012 – November 2012).
Served as the transaction manager, actively liaising with internal departments (including relationship managers, operations, and new business implementation), legal counsels, fund managers and service providers in working towards new fund launches, amongst others.
Handled various aspects of fund documentation such as trust deed, Private Placement Memorandum, Information Memorandum, prospectus, engagement letter, and service agreement, amongst others.
Acted for companies in disputes before the High Court of Singapore with a focus on intellectual property matters.
Completed pupillage at Rodyk & Davidson LLP (June 2008 to May 2009).
Admitted as an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore on 18 May 2009.
National University of Singapore - Faculty of Law, Singapore.
National University of Singapore - Faculty of Law, Singapore.
Acted for (i) Capital Group Companies, Inc., (ii) Partners Group AG, (iii) UTI International (Singapore) Private Limited, in the recognition of their foreign domiciled funds.
Primarily involved in preparing the local prospectus and necessary forms and lodgement documents required by the Monetary Authority of Authority (“MAS”), submitting the aforementioned documents and liaising with the MAS officers, in working towards registration of the local prospectus.
Acted for HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited (as trustee) in relation to retail funds managed by major fund managers such as Schroder Investment Management (Singapore) Ltd, First State Investments (Singapore), Lion Global Investors Limited, Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd and UOB Asset Management Ltd, amongst others.
Primarily involved in reviewing the prospectus and the trust deed on an annual and/or ad-hoc basis.
Acted for The Trust Company (Asia) Limited as trustee, in the listing of:.
Ascendas Hospitality Trust, involving hotels located in Australia and Japan;.
Keppel DC REIT, involving data centres located in Australia, England, Malaysia and Singapore; and.
Viva Industrial Trust, involving industrial properties located in Singapore.
Acted for DBS Trustee Limited as trustee, in relation to the listing of:.
Mapletree Greater China Commercial Trust, involving an office building in Beijing, China and a shopping mall in Hong Kong;.
IREIT Global, involving office properties located in Germany;.
Soilbuild Business Space REIT, involving industrial properties located in Singapore; and.
Organised a dialogue by Ms Sylvia Lim (Workers’ Party) titled “Towards a More Democratic Singapore – The Future of Opposition Parties”.
Headed the Chancellor’s Challenge Shield, an annual current affairs competition open to all junior colleges and universities in Singapore.
Mooting and Debating Club of Law Club, National University of Singapore.
33rdJ Boys’ Brigade Company at Fairfield Methodist School (Primary)  • Adult volunteer, 2004-2008.
Volunteers on a regular basis at the community legal clinics organised by the Law Society of Singapore since 2010.
Participated in the 4th Sino-Singapore Undergraduate Exchange Programme (1529 May 2007).
Organised by the Ministries of Education of Singapore and China annually.
Participated in an overseas community service trip to Cebu, Philippines under the NUS Rotaract Club in December 2006.- Called in civil law (Québec 2008) and common law (Ontario 2010) jurisdictions.
- Called in civil law (Québec 2008) and common law (Ontario 2010) jurisdictions.
Lead project to reduce and simplify security documentation used in Asian jurisdictions.
Lead project to implement new cash management documentation globally.
Drafted user guides to assist relationship managers in selling cash management products.
Drafted responses to FinTech consultation papers issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Presented at FinTech conferences throughout Southeast Asia.
Conducted internal training seminars on the business and legal implications of FinTech.
Assisted in identifying and vetting IT vendors in the context of a key bank-wide technology initiative.
Nominated for the FinTech Asia 100 award recognizing top FinTech talent in the region.
Drafted and negotiated derivative agreements such as ISDA Master Agreements and Schedules, Credit Support Annex and Global Master Repurchase Agreements.
Supported the prime brokerage group with drafting and negotiating Clearing Agreements and Intermediation Agreements relating to foreign exchange and interest rates.
Drafted bespoke and conventional structured notes offering documents sold to retail and institutional investors.
Researched and provided legal advice for cross-border sales of structured notes.
Monitored global business and legal developments and presented at weekly group meetings.
Liaised with external counsel for discussions with securities regulator.
Supervised and trained junior lawyers on all aspects of structured notes.
Negotiated dealer agreements and information memorandums with issuers for the sale of short-term commercial paper.
Drafted and negotiated investment banking agreements such as term sheets, letters of intent, engagement letters and non-disclosure agreements.
Led negotiations with respect to corporate banking agreements with many of the largest financial institutions in the US and Asia, including Goldman Sachs and Bank of China.
Prepared internal negotiation guidelines for documents for training and negotiation purposes.
Drafted ISDA Master Agreements, Schedules and Credit Support Annexes.
Negotiated with counterparties such as financial institutions, hedge funds and asset managers.
Ally Bank was a FinTech start-up providing banking and auto financing services on-line.
Reviewed and updated residential mortgage documents to be used throughout Canada.
BCF LLP is a Montreal Canada based firm specializing in corporate law.
Advised on a $52 billion leveraged buy-out of a publicly held telecommunications company.
Advised on the $$32 billion restructuring of the Canadian asset-backed commercial paper market.
Advised on a $600 million financing of the acquisition of a portfolio of real estate properties.
Lead project to reduce and simplify security documentation used in Asian jurisdictions.
Lead project to implement new cash management documentation globally.
Drafted user guides to assist relationship managers in selling cash management products.
Drafted responses to FinTech consultation papers issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Presented at FinTech conferences throughout Southeast Asia.
Conducted internal training seminars on the business and legal implications of FinTech.
Assisted in identifying and vetting IT vendors in the context of a key bank-wide technology initiative.
Nominated for the FinTech Asia 100 award recognizing top FinTech talent in the region.
Drafted and negotiated derivative agreements such as ISDA Master Agreements and Schedules, Credit Support Annex and Global Master Repurchase Agreements.
Supported the prime brokerage group with drafting and negotiating Clearing Agreements and Intermediation Agreements relating to foreign exchange and interest rates.
Drafted bespoke and conventional structured notes offering documents sold to retail and institutional investors.
Researched and provided legal advice for cross-border sales of structured notes.
Monitored global business and legal developments and presented at weekly group meetings.
Liaised with external counsel for discussions with securities regulator.
Supervised and trained junior lawyers on all aspects of structured notes.
Negotiated dealer agreements and information memorandums with issuers for the sale of short-term commercial paper.
Drafted and negotiated investment banking agreements such as term sheets, letters of intent, engagement letters and non-disclosure agreements.
Led negotiations with respect to corporate banking agreements with many of the largest financial institutions in the US and Asia, including Goldman Sachs and Bank of China.
Prepared internal negotiation guidelines for documents for training and negotiation purposes.
Drafted ISDA Master Agreements, Schedules and Credit Support Annexes.
Negotiated with counterparties such as financial institutions, hedge funds and asset managers.
Ally Bank was a FinTech start-up providing banking and auto financing services on-line.
Reviewed and updated residential mortgage documents to be used throughout Canada.
BCF LLP is a Montreal Canada based firm specializing in corporate law.
Advised on a $52 billion leveraged buy-out of a publicly held telecommunications company.
Advised on the $$32 billion restructuring of the Canadian asset-backed commercial paper market.
Advised on a $600 million financing of the acquisition of a portfolio of real estate properties.
Lead project to reduce and simplify security documentation used in Asian jurisdictions.
Lead project to implement new cash management documentation globally.
Drafted user guides to assist relationship managers in selling cash management products.
Drafted responses to FinTech consultation papers issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Presented at FinTech conferences throughout Southeast Asia.
Conducted internal training seminars on the business and legal implications of FinTech.
Assisted in identifying and vetting IT vendors in the context of a key bank-wide technology initiative.
Nominated for the FinTech Asia 100 award recognizing top FinTech talent in the region.
Drafted and negotiated derivative agreements such as ISDA Master Agreements and Schedules, Credit Support Annex and Global Master Repurchase Agreements.
Supported the prime brokerage group with drafting and negotiating Clearing Agreements and Intermediation Agreements relating to foreign exchange and interest rates.
Drafted bespoke and conventional structured notes offering documents sold to retail and institutional investors.
Researched and provided legal advice for cross-border sales of structured notes.
Monitored global business and legal developments and presented at weekly group meetings.
Liaised with external counsel for discussions with securities regulator.
Supervised and trained junior lawyers on all aspects of structured notes.
Negotiated dealer agreements and information memorandums with issuers for the sale of short-term commercial paper.
Drafted and negotiated investment banking agreements such as term sheets, letters of intent, engagement letters and non-disclosure agreements.
Led negotiations with respect to corporate banking agreements with many of the largest financial institutions in the US and Asia, including Goldman Sachs and Bank of China.
Prepared internal negotiation guidelines for documents for training and negotiation purposes.
Drafted ISDA Master Agreements, Schedules and Credit Support Annexes.
Negotiated with counterparties such as financial institutions, hedge funds and asset managers.
Ally Bank was a FinTech start-up providing banking and auto financing services on-line.
Reviewed and updated residential mortgage documents to be used throughout Canada.
BCF LLP is a Montreal Canada based firm specializing in corporate law.
Advised on a $52 billion leveraged buy-out of a publicly held telecommunications company.
Advised on the $$32 billion restructuring of the Canadian asset-backed commercial paper market.
Advised on a $600 million financing of the acquisition of a portfolio of real estate properties.
J.D. (Common Law) - University of Ottawa - National Program (2010).
Completed work internship between January and February 2010 at Harvey Law Group in Hong Kong focusing on corporate and immigration law.
Authored a paper on the regulation of credit rating agencies for the Parliamentary Counsel of the House of Commons of Canada.
Graduated with a high GPA with A+ grades in courses such as commercial contracts, banking law, tax law and insurance law.
Certificate in Chinese law - China University of Political Science and Law (2006).
Attended classes in advanced business law with an emphasis on Chinese corporate law.
J.D. (Common Law) - University of Ottawa - National Program (2010).
Completed work internship between January and February 2010 at Harvey Law Group in Hong Kong focusing on corporate and immigration law.
Authored a paper on the regulation of credit rating agencies for the Parliamentary Counsel of the House of Commons of Canada.
Graduated with a high GPA with A+ grades in courses such as commercial contracts, banking law, tax law and insurance law.
Certificate in Chinese law - China University of Political Science and Law (2006).
Attended classes in advanced business law with an emphasis on Chinese corporate law.
J.D. (Common Law) - University of Ottawa - National Program (2010).
Completed work internship between January and February 2010 at Harvey Law Group in Hong Kong focusing on corporate and immigration law.
Authored a paper on the regulation of credit rating agencies for the Parliamentary Counsel of the House of Commons of Canada.
Graduated with a high GPA with A+ grades in courses such as commercial contracts, banking law, tax law and insurance law.
Certificate in Chinese law - China University of Political Science and Law (2006).
Attended classes in advanced business law with an emphasis on Chinese corporate law.
Euromoney Capital Markets Blockchain 2016 Conference – Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Institute of Bankers 2016 Annual Conference – Hong Kong.
Please consult my LinkedIn page for further details and a list of all my speaking engagements.
Euromoney Capital Markets Blockchain 2016 Conference – Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Institute of Bankers 2016 Annual Conference – Hong Kong.
Please consult my LinkedIn page for further details and a list of all my speaking engagements.
Euromoney Capital Markets Blockchain 2016 Conference – Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Institute of Bankers 2016 Annual Conference – Hong Kong.
Please consult my LinkedIn page for further details and a list of all my speaking engagements.
Regulatory Sandboxes: The Road to FinTech Redemption? available at www.financemagnates.com.
Regulatory Sandboxes: The Road to FinTech Redemption? available at www.financemagnates.com.
Regulatory Sandboxes: The Road to FinTech Redemption? available at www.financemagnates.com.__________________________________________________________________________________________.
Experience Experienced in various financial fields including personal finance, transactional banking, asset management and fund management.
Skill  With legal training, work experience in legal documentation and client facing, specialize in  corporate  governance,  contract  drafting,  contract  negotiation,  regulatory compliance, strategic planning and strategy implementation.
Aspiration  Develop a career in the field of asset management, interested areas include.
compliance, contracts, strategy, policy and client facing with institutional clients.
__________________________________________________________________________________________.
Analyzed documentation requirement of segregated accounts and drafted required legal documents such as notices, consent letter, IMA amendments and novations.
Reviewed and negotiated on contracts with service providers, segregated account clients, custodians and other parties.
Assisted in an RFP with a CPI client with HKD 500‐million mandates and drafted a tailormade IMA.
Handled prospectus amendment and filings for ETFs listed in Singapore and Hong Kong. o Handled termination of a private fund.
Responsible for company secretarial matters such as resolutions drafting and statutory filings.
Reviewed and amended constitutional documents of entities of the company.
Assisted the head of legal on structural changes in compliance with the SFC‐MIC regime and Dodd Frank Act.
Prepare monthly regulatory update and conduct relevant research.
Reviewed outsourcing policy and existing contracts with subsidiaries and service providers for cost evaluation programme.
Prepared memos on legal, regulatory and documentation requirements for setting up subsidiaries in two APAC countries.
Organized all legal documents (3,000+), created the naming convention and central database globally adopted by the region. o Created a database of IMA clauses and documentation required for each account.
Aviation and Ship o Handled transactions including sales‐and‐lease‐back of 18 cargo ships, financing of 8 Finance airplanes and other secured financing and refinancing projects.
Assisted in drafting facility documents, security documents, corporate authority documents, legal opinions and other legal documents.
Liaised and coordinated with the clients, registrars and any other parties on collection of condition precedents, title registration and registration of security documents.
Yacht Transaction  o Drafted the documents required for the sale of yachts.
Handling any inquiries from clients and escalate to supervisor if required.
Liaised with the registries, surveyors, the clients and other parties for the registration of yachts.
Bilateral and  o Handled loans secured by guarantee, share charge, account charge, etc. Syndicated Loans  o Drafted required documents for the loans.
Liaised with various parties on collection of condition precedents.
Financial Planning o Provided financial planning on insurance and fund investment and provide investment advice.
Portfolio  o Managed fund investment portfolios of HKD 10‐millions.
Management o Covered fund investments in bonds, commodities and capital markets in regions including global emerging new markets, BRICS, Japan and America.
__________________________________________________________________________________________.
Sept 2010 to Jul 2012:  Juris Doctor, The University of Hong Kong (2nd Class Honour).
Sept 2007 to Jul 2010:  Bachelor of Social Sciences, The University of Hong Kong (1st Class Honour).
Sept 2009 to Jan 2010:  Exchange Student, National Chengchi University of Taiwan.
__________________________________________________________________________________________.
Computer Skills  o Microsoft Office:   Legal proficient in Word, Business proficient in Excel.
__________________________________________________________________________________________.
In‐House Paralegal (Contract),  State Street Global Advisors (Asia ex‐Japan).
Wealth Management Consultant,  Convoy Financial Services Limited.Activities: Graduate Editor, Review of Law and Social Change, 2007-08.
Research Assistant (Securities Regulation) to Professor Stephen J. Choi.
Activities: Class Representative, Student Bar Association, 2003 – 2004.
Teaching Assistant (Corporate Law II) to Professor M.P.P. Pillai.
Exchange Student (School of Law, National University of Singapore).
Lead Legal counsel for kindle-digital (india)               July 2016– Present.
Involved in various legal aspects of the Kindle e-book business in India, including negotiation of contracts, digital content acquisition and intellectual property (including data privacy and copyright) issues along with a subsidiary focus on antitrust and anti-bribery issues.
Identifying and sourcing business development opportunities in India.
Extensive experience in a range of securities transactions, including initial public offerings and offerings of high-yield debt.
Drafting offer documents for initial public offerings, follow-on offerings and private placements, issuance of high yield debt and convertible debt in India, Indonesia and Singapore.
Providing general corporate advise to multinationals and state-owned enterprises on investments into India and related structuring.
Supporting pro bono initiatives as a member of the Firm’s , which aims to support smaller and medium sized agriculture-related enterprises and development non-governmental organizations in Sub-Saharan Africa and the developing countries in Asia.
Supervising and managing junior associates on transactions.
Senior Associate – Securities Market Practice Group          May 2009 – June 2011.
Associate – Securities Market Practice Group                         September 2005 – June 2007.
Drafted prospectuses for initial public offerings, follow-on public offerings, rights offerings and private placements, representing issuers and investment banks.
Advised on offerings of convertible debt and depositary receipts.
Drafted and reviewed documents in connection with a merger under S. 3 (a) (10), Securities Act.
Reviewed documents in relation with an investigation by the European Competition Commission.
New York State Bar Association and Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, India.
“Voluntary Liquidation of Companies,” SEBI and Corporate Laws, December 2003.
“Prenuptial Contracts,” Lawyers Collective, November 2003.Transactional banking and finance lawyer 11 years of private practice experience gained in Singapore and London with top tier law firms, and another 4 years of in house experience. I have a broad base of commercial experience, but with a particular expertise in corporate lending, structured finance, asset finance and project finance.
I am presently head of legal of a regional Japanese bank based in Singapore, responsible for all the bank’s legal issues and managing the inhouse legal team in delivering legal services.
As head of legal, I am responsible for managing legal risk throughout the bank’s business and operations, including managing legal risks on transactions, assessing legal risks and setting up legal framework for new transactions, managing external counsel, advising management and Tokyo head office on legal issues, providing legal support on back office and middle office operations, including tenancy agreements, joint venture agreements/memoranda, IT service agreements, providing legal training and having partial responsibility for regulatory compliance.
My primary responsibility on front office transactions is to ensure that legal risks are comprehensively identified, appropriately considered and then minimized and mitigated by negotiating transaction documentation closely together with front office teams. I lead internal documentation meetings and represent the bank when negotiating with arrangers, borrowers, sponsors and external counsel. Some representative transactions I have advised on are:.
Receivables purchase programme with a large commodities trader.
Various power plant projects throughout the South East Asia region.
limited recourse co-lending with JBIC for the financing of an LNG carrier, including advising on related hedging documentation.
Various aircraft financing transactions for regional lessors for aircraft on lease to various jurisdictions, including Spain, China and Singapore.
Australian PPP (public-private partnership) for financing of a hospital in Australia.
MIGA (Multilateral Investment Guarantee Authority, a member of the World Bank Group) supported financing of a toll road in Vietnam as well as a Vietnamese hydropower project.
syndicated loan transactions to Indian, Australian, Indonesian, Thai, Vietnamese, Malaysian, Hong Kong and South Korean borrowers.
drafting various (term loan, revolving, bank guarantee, standby letters of credit) bilateral agreements for the Bank’s various customers throughout the South East Asia region, as well as India and Australia.
Advising on hedging documentation (negotiating ISDA schedules) for various derivative transactions.
I have broad responsibility for all legal issues for the bank, and this includes supporting the compliance department in advising on regulatory compliance, as a key member of the bank’s compliance committee. This includes the following.
Advising on new banking products and new areas of growth (for instance, confirming the bank’s exempt status from obtaining a capital markets licence under the Securities and Futures Act in relation to regulated products).
Expansion of business into overseas markets. This includes liaising with the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (APRA) on determining the operational limits of offshore banking entities within Australia and keeping apprised on pertinent regulations within key markets like Indonesia, Cambodia, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam.
Formulating, implementing and auditing policies on new regulations, including OTC derivative reporting requirements, US FATCA obligations, personal data regulations both in Singapore as well as jurisdictions in which we operation (for instance, Australia).
Briefing management on pertinent changes to law, including new Singapore Companies Act provisions dealing with foreign companies registered in Singapore.
Presenting on various legal and compliance topics annually at the Bank’s global compliance officers’ meeting held in Tokyo.
I joined the London office of Clifford Chance (CC) in 2007 and spent close to two years working as a senior associate in CC’s aviation finance department where I was solely involved in advising on cross border aircraft financing and leasing transactions. This level of specialisation, as well as the large amounts of formal and informal training provided by the firm, meant that I gained a substantial experience in aircraft financing and leasing transactions. An opportunity then arose for me in Clifford Chance’s Singapore office in late 2008, when CC hired a lateral partner from another firm to its Singapore’s office. I then became was the sole associate involved in building up CC Singapore’s aviation finance practice, which is now acknowledged as the market leader in the aviation finance space in Asia.
When CC obtained its qualifying foreign law practice licence, my area of focus moved to developing the Singapore office’s Singapore law practice. This included the setting up of procedures and templates based on global firm templates, modified to reflect local law and best practices. In addition to this, I was also part of the general banking team in CC’s Singapore office, and managed and executed a variety of cross border financing transactions throughout Asia. A list of some of my transactions with CC Singapore includes the following.
Advising an international bank syndicate on a European Export Credit Agency (COFACE, OECD and Euler-Hermes) supported refinancing existing construction debt for an Indonesian power plant as well as financing the expansion of that same power plant.
Advising the arranger on a private notes issuance secured by shares listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange.
Advising a Singapore based hedge fund on the refinancing of a commercial office block in Seoul, Korea.
Advising an international bank syndicate in relation to an acquisition financing  for a Spanish shipping company for 8 ore carrier vessels registered in Singapore.
Advising an international bank syndicate on a US$1billion facility for a Dubai based aircraft lessor relating to its acquisition of a portfolio of aircraft.
Advising various financial institutions and aircraft lessors on structured aircraft financing and leasing transactions for aircraft registered in Singapore, Korea, Malaysia, the Philippines, the PRC, Taiwan, India, Sri Lanka and Indonesia, the UK, Spain, the United States and various other jurisdictions.
Advising an Indian bank on their financing of the acquisition of a mining concession in Australia by an Indian conglomerate.
Advising a Malaysian telecommunications company on its working capital borrowings.
My first 5 years of practice were spent as an associate in two reputable Singapore firms where I was involved in a broad range of corporate transactional advisory work. This included:.
corporate finance transactions including initial public offerings, rights issues and drafting of announcements.
advising on commercial contracts including tenancy agreements and outsourcing agreements.
corporate secretarial work including drafting of resolutions, advising on the Singapore Companies Act requirements and maintaining minute books.
Advocate and Solicitor of the Singapore Bar (since 2 June 2001) (non-practicing).
Solicitor, England & Wales (since 1 March 2007) (non-practicing).
Post Graduate Practical Law Course (Board of Legal Education, Singapore) (2000).
Post Graduate Diploma in Singapore Law (National University of Singapore) (2000).
Bachelor of Laws (Second Class (Upper Division) Honours) (University College London) (1999).Advising and supporting  retail business units including credit cards.
Advice on queries raised by retail business units, e.g. cases of probate and disputes raised by customers.
Preparation of template documentation for retail banking products, e.g. renovation and education loans.
Revision of existing template documentation e.g. mortgage loans.
Drafting of terms and conditions for promotions, e.g. credit card and retail banking promotions.
Advising and supporting commercial banking and corporate banking business units including trade financing.
Advice on queries raised by business units, e.g. queries in relation to account opening and credit facilities.
Preparation of template documentation, e.g. terms and conditions relating to Vostro accounts.
Review of legal opinions, non-disclosure agreements and trade financing documentation.
Ensuring that bank’s policies and documentation conform with current regulatory requirements, e.g. Personal Data Protection Act, CRS Regulations, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.
Advising and supporting  retail business units including credit cards.
Advice on queries raised by retail business units, e.g. cases of probate and disputes raised by customers.
Preparation of template documentation for retail banking products, e.g. renovation and education loans.
Revision of existing template documentation e.g. mortgage loans.
Drafting of terms and conditions for promotions, e.g. credit card and retail banking promotions.
Advising and supporting commercial banking and corporate banking business units including trade financing.
Advice on queries raised by business units, e.g. queries in relation to account opening and credit facilities.
Preparation of template documentation, e.g. terms and conditions relating to Vostro accounts.
Review of legal opinions, non-disclosure agreements and trade financing documentation.
Ensuring that bank’s policies and documentation conform with current regulatory requirements, e.g. Personal Data Protection Act, CRS Regulations, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.
Advising and supporting  retail business units including credit cards.
Advice on queries raised by retail business units, e.g. cases of probate and disputes raised by customers.
Preparation of template documentation for retail banking products, e.g. renovation and education loans.
Revision of existing template documentation e.g. mortgage loans.
Drafting of terms and conditions for promotions, e.g. credit card and retail banking promotions.
Advising and supporting commercial banking and corporate banking business units including trade financing.
Advice on queries raised by business units, e.g. queries in relation to account opening and credit facilities.
Preparation of template documentation, e.g. terms and conditions relating to Vostro accounts.
Review of legal opinions, non-disclosure agreements and trade financing documentation.
Ensuring that bank’s policies and documentation conform with current regulatory requirements, e.g. Personal Data Protection Act, CRS Regulations, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.
Advising and supporting  retail business units including credit cards.
Advice on queries raised by retail business units, e.g. cases of probate and disputes raised by customers.
Preparation of template documentation for retail banking products, e.g. renovation and education loans.
Revision of existing template documentation e.g. mortgage loans.
Drafting of terms and conditions for promotions, e.g. credit card and retail banking promotions.
Advising and supporting commercial banking and corporate banking business units including trade financing.
Advice on queries raised by business units, e.g. queries in relation to account opening and credit facilities.
Preparation of template documentation, e.g. terms and conditions relating to Vostro accounts.
Review of legal opinions, non-disclosure agreements and trade financing documentation.
Ensuring that bank’s policies and documentation conform with current regulatory requirements, e.g. Personal Data Protection Act, CRS Regulations, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.
Advising and supporting  retail business units including credit cards.
Advice on queries raised by retail business units, e.g. cases of probate and disputes raised by customers.
Preparation of template documentation for retail banking products, e.g. renovation and education loans.
Revision of existing template documentation e.g. mortgage loans.
Drafting of terms and conditions for promotions, e.g. credit card and retail banking promotions.
Advising and supporting commercial banking and corporate banking business units including trade financing.
Advice on queries raised by business units, e.g. queries in relation to account opening and credit facilities.
Preparation of template documentation, e.g. terms and conditions relating to Vostro accounts.
Review of legal opinions, non-disclosure agreements and trade financing documentation.
Ensuring that bank’s policies and documentation conform with current regulatory requirements, e.g. Personal Data Protection Act, CRS Regulations, Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.
Assisted a group of companies in its corporate restructuring.
providing advice on amalgamation and other ancillary issues, e.g. employment, effect of amalgamation on contracts etc;.
drafting the corporate authorizations and other documents required for the purposes of the amalgamation.
Acted for a reputable food and beverage company with its licensing arrangements.
Assisted a multinational corporation in setting up a representative office in Singapore.
preparing the application to be submitted to International Enterprise Singapore;.
providing advice on the client’s obligations upon setting up the representative office; and.
assisting with the application for an employment pass for the chief representative of the representative office.
Assisted a group of companies in its corporate restructuring.
providing advice on amalgamation and other ancillary issues, e.g. employment, effect of amalgamation on contracts etc;.
drafting the corporate authorizations and other documents required for the purposes of the amalgamation.
Acted for a reputable food and beverage company with its licensing arrangements.
Assisted a multinational corporation in setting up a representative office in Singapore.
preparing the application to be submitted to International Enterprise Singapore;.
providing advice on the client’s obligations upon setting up the representative office; and.
assisting with the application for an employment pass for the chief representative of the representative office.
Assisted a group of companies in its corporate restructuring.
providing advice on amalgamation and other ancillary issues, e.g. employment, effect of amalgamation on contracts etc;.
drafting the corporate authorizations and other documents required for the purposes of the amalgamation.
Acted for a reputable food and beverage company with its licensing arrangements.
Assisted a multinational corporation in setting up a representative office in Singapore.
preparing the application to be submitted to International Enterprise Singapore;.
providing advice on the client’s obligations upon setting up the representative office; and.
assisting with the application for an employment pass for the chief representative of the representative office.
Assisted a group of companies in its corporate restructuring.
providing advice on amalgamation and other ancillary issues, e.g. employment, effect of amalgamation on contracts etc;.
drafting the corporate authorizations and other documents required for the purposes of the amalgamation.
Acted for a reputable food and beverage company with its licensing arrangements.
Assisted a multinational corporation in setting up a representative office in Singapore.
preparing the application to be submitted to International Enterprise Singapore;.
providing advice on the client’s obligations upon setting up the representative office; and.
assisting with the application for an employment pass for the chief representative of the representative office.
Assisted a group of companies in its corporate restructuring.
providing advice on amalgamation and other ancillary issues, e.g. employment, effect of amalgamation on contracts etc;.
drafting the corporate authorizations and other documents required for the purposes of the amalgamation.
Acted for a reputable food and beverage company with its licensing arrangements.
Assisted a multinational corporation in setting up a representative office in Singapore.
preparing the application to be submitted to International Enterprise Singapore;.
providing advice on the client’s obligations upon setting up the representative office; and.
assisting with the application for an employment pass for the chief representative of the representative office.
- attending and drafting minutes of board meetings and audit committee meetings.
- attending and drafting minutes of board meetings and audit committee meetings.
- attending and drafting minutes of board meetings and audit committee meetings.
- attending and drafting minutes of board meetings and audit committee meetings.
- attending and drafting minutes of board meetings and audit committee meetings.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.56 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a prominent shopping mall in Singapore.
-providing advice on the borrower’s obligations under the finance documents and the feasibility of various corporate restructuring proposals, e.g. sale of an asset to a real estate investment trust, IPO of a subsidiary etc. ; and.
-drafting various documents in relation to the said transaction.
Acted for a prominent provider of healthcare services in respect of a SGD850 million loan facility to finance construction and development of medical facilities in Singapore.
-reviewing the amendment agreement to the facility agreement; and.
-reviewing transactional documents including various ancillary documents, e.g. the corporate authorizations etc.
Acted for a Cayman Islands-incorporated borrower in respect of a SGD135 million loan facility to finance acquisition of a company involved in the chemical industry listed on the SGX-ST by way of voluntary offer.
-reviewing the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, guarantees, account charge, subordination agreement and security trust agreement;.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same;.
-liaising with Cayman Islands legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the Cayman Islands;.
-liaising with Chinese legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the PRC;.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore;.
-assisting the target company and its subsidiary in carrying out whitewash procedures; and.
-preparing various discharge documents upon full repayment of the loan.
Acted for a near-insolvent borrower in relation to a SGD101 million loan facility ( including letters of credit/standby letters of credit and foreign exchange facilities of SGD62 million), the issuance of warrants to the lenders and a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary.
-negotiating with the syndicated lenders in relation to terms of the finance documents so as to avoid a declaration of default;.
-advised clients in relation to a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary for the provision of further securities to the lenders and its impact on the finance documents;.
-reviewing the facility agreement, share charge, debentures and account charge; and.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
Advised a foreign bank on taking securities under the laws of Singapore.
-provision of general advice on the taking of securities under the laws of Singapore, e.g. conflicts of laws issues, perfection issues, registration and stamping requirements etc.
Acted for a Singapore-incorporated lender in respect of a loan to finance acquisition of a company conducting business in China listed on the SGX-ST.
-drafting the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, account charge, debentures and subordination agreements;.
-providing legal solutions to the lender in relation to the types of securities to be provided;.
- reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates, share transfer forms and process agent letters; and.
-liaising with foreign legal counsels, including BVI counsel, Cayman Islands counsel and Chinese counsel and reviewing foreign legal opinions from a Singapore-law practice perspective.
Acted for a syndicate of lenders in relation to a SGD200 million facility to refinance the borrowings of a borrower involved in the petrol chemicals industry in the acquisition and development of a storage facility for oil and other petrol chemicals.
-drafting the facility agreement, shareholder’s undertakings, and various security documents including debenture, assignment of insurances and assignment of contracts;.
-reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and process agent letters; and.
-reviewing legal opinions of German and Norwegian legal counsels and liaising with the said foreign legal counsels in relation to the transaction.
Acted for the new lender incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in the emergency acquisition of a USD160 million facility and a debt restructuring of a Singapore-incorporated company.
-providing options to the clients in relation to the proposed acquisition and formulating strategies for the acquisition of the loan;.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes, inter alia, 2 facility agreements (and the supplementals thereto), 2 intercreditor agreements, 3 share charges and 2 account charges;.
-liaising with foreign counsels including counsels from Cyprus, India, British Virgin Islands and United Arab Emirates;.
-advising on the structure for a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-drafting documentation required for the debt restructuring exercise, e.g. the term sheet, supplemental agreements to the facility agreements, fresh intercreditor  agreements and fresh security documents.
Acted for a fund in its proposed role as a lender in a debt restructuring exercise involving a loan facility of USD112 million, senior mezzanine notes of USD207 million and junior mezzanine notes of USD207 million.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes a facility agreement, senior and mezzanine note documentation and security documentation, e.g. share charges, options deed poll, debentures, account charges, deeds of covenants and intercreditor agreements for the purpose of advising a proposed new lender in a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-advised the client on the proposed acquisition of the said loans/notes.
Acted for two lenders in relation to a SGD115 million bridging facility to acquire a company listed on the SGX-ST by way of a scheme of arrangement.
-drafting the facility agreement and security documents, e.g. ship mortgage, deed of covenants, share charge, debenture, deed of undertaking, security trust agreement and guarantee.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.62 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a condominium in Singapore.
-reviewing the facility agreement, trust deed, deed of indemnity, shareholders’ undertaking, assignment of insurances, assignment of proceeds, assignment of project documents and debenture; and.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.56 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a prominent shopping mall in Singapore.
-providing advice on the borrower’s obligations under the finance documents and the feasibility of various corporate restructuring proposals, e.g. sale of an asset to a real estate investment trust, IPO of a subsidiary etc. ; and.
-drafting various documents in relation to the said transaction.
Acted for a prominent provider of healthcare services in respect of a SGD850 million loan facility to finance construction and development of medical facilities in Singapore.
-reviewing the amendment agreement to the facility agreement; and.
-reviewing transactional documents including various ancillary documents, e.g. the corporate authorizations etc.
Acted for a Cayman Islands-incorporated borrower in respect of a SGD135 million loan facility to finance acquisition of a company involved in the chemical industry listed on the SGX-ST by way of voluntary offer.
-reviewing the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, guarantees, account charge, subordination agreement and security trust agreement;.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same;.
-liaising with Cayman Islands legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the Cayman Islands;.
-liaising with Chinese legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the PRC;.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore;.
-assisting the target company and its subsidiary in carrying out whitewash procedures; and.
-preparing various discharge documents upon full repayment of the loan.
Acted for a near-insolvent borrower in relation to a SGD101 million loan facility ( including letters of credit/standby letters of credit and foreign exchange facilities of SGD62 million), the issuance of warrants to the lenders and a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary.
-negotiating with the syndicated lenders in relation to terms of the finance documents so as to avoid a declaration of default;.
-advised clients in relation to a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary for the provision of further securities to the lenders and its impact on the finance documents;.
-reviewing the facility agreement, share charge, debentures and account charge; and.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
Advised a foreign bank on taking securities under the laws of Singapore.
-provision of general advice on the taking of securities under the laws of Singapore, e.g. conflicts of laws issues, perfection issues, registration and stamping requirements etc.
Acted for a Singapore-incorporated lender in respect of a loan to finance acquisition of a company conducting business in China listed on the SGX-ST.
-drafting the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, account charge, debentures and subordination agreements;.
-providing legal solutions to the lender in relation to the types of securities to be provided;.
- reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates, share transfer forms and process agent letters; and.
-liaising with foreign legal counsels, including BVI counsel, Cayman Islands counsel and Chinese counsel and reviewing foreign legal opinions from a Singapore-law practice perspective.
Acted for a syndicate of lenders in relation to a SGD200 million facility to refinance the borrowings of a borrower involved in the petrol chemicals industry in the acquisition and development of a storage facility for oil and other petrol chemicals.
-drafting the facility agreement, shareholder’s undertakings, and various security documents including debenture, assignment of insurances and assignment of contracts;.
-reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and process agent letters; and.
-reviewing legal opinions of German and Norwegian legal counsels and liaising with the said foreign legal counsels in relation to the transaction.
Acted for the new lender incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in the emergency acquisition of a USD160 million facility and a debt restructuring of a Singapore-incorporated company.
-providing options to the clients in relation to the proposed acquisition and formulating strategies for the acquisition of the loan;.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes, inter alia, 2 facility agreements (and the supplementals thereto), 2 intercreditor agreements, 3 share charges and 2 account charges;.
-liaising with foreign counsels including counsels from Cyprus, India, British Virgin Islands and United Arab Emirates;.
-advising on the structure for a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-drafting documentation required for the debt restructuring exercise, e.g. the term sheet, supplemental agreements to the facility agreements, fresh intercreditor  agreements and fresh security documents.
Acted for a fund in its proposed role as a lender in a debt restructuring exercise involving a loan facility of USD112 million, senior mezzanine notes of USD207 million and junior mezzanine notes of USD207 million.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes a facility agreement, senior and mezzanine note documentation and security documentation, e.g. share charges, options deed poll, debentures, account charges, deeds of covenants and intercreditor agreements for the purpose of advising a proposed new lender in a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-advised the client on the proposed acquisition of the said loans/notes.
Acted for two lenders in relation to a SGD115 million bridging facility to acquire a company listed on the SGX-ST by way of a scheme of arrangement.
-drafting the facility agreement and security documents, e.g. ship mortgage, deed of covenants, share charge, debenture, deed of undertaking, security trust agreement and guarantee.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.62 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a condominium in Singapore.
-reviewing the facility agreement, trust deed, deed of indemnity, shareholders’ undertaking, assignment of insurances, assignment of proceeds, assignment of project documents and debenture; and.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.56 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a prominent shopping mall in Singapore.
-providing advice on the borrower’s obligations under the finance documents and the feasibility of various corporate restructuring proposals, e.g. sale of an asset to a real estate investment trust, IPO of a subsidiary etc. ; and.
-drafting various documents in relation to the said transaction.
Acted for a prominent provider of healthcare services in respect of a SGD850 million loan facility to finance construction and development of medical facilities in Singapore.
-reviewing the amendment agreement to the facility agreement; and.
-reviewing transactional documents including various ancillary documents, e.g. the corporate authorizations etc.
Acted for a Cayman Islands-incorporated borrower in respect of a SGD135 million loan facility to finance acquisition of a company involved in the chemical industry listed on the SGX-ST by way of voluntary offer.
-reviewing the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, guarantees, account charge, subordination agreement and security trust agreement;.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same;.
-liaising with Cayman Islands legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the Cayman Islands;.
-liaising with Chinese legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the PRC;.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore;.
-assisting the target company and its subsidiary in carrying out whitewash procedures; and.
-preparing various discharge documents upon full repayment of the loan.
Acted for a near-insolvent borrower in relation to a SGD101 million loan facility ( including letters of credit/standby letters of credit and foreign exchange facilities of SGD62 million), the issuance of warrants to the lenders and a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary.
-negotiating with the syndicated lenders in relation to terms of the finance documents so as to avoid a declaration of default;.
-advised clients in relation to a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary for the provision of further securities to the lenders and its impact on the finance documents;.
-reviewing the facility agreement, share charge, debentures and account charge; and.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
Advised a foreign bank on taking securities under the laws of Singapore.
-provision of general advice on the taking of securities under the laws of Singapore, e.g. conflicts of laws issues, perfection issues, registration and stamping requirements etc.
Acted for a Singapore-incorporated lender in respect of a loan to finance acquisition of a company conducting business in China listed on the SGX-ST.
-drafting the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, account charge, debentures and subordination agreements;.
-providing legal solutions to the lender in relation to the types of securities to be provided;.
- reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates, share transfer forms and process agent letters; and.
-liaising with foreign legal counsels, including BVI counsel, Cayman Islands counsel and Chinese counsel and reviewing foreign legal opinions from a Singapore-law practice perspective.
Acted for a syndicate of lenders in relation to a SGD200 million facility to refinance the borrowings of a borrower involved in the petrol chemicals industry in the acquisition and development of a storage facility for oil and other petrol chemicals.
-drafting the facility agreement, shareholder’s undertakings, and various security documents including debenture, assignment of insurances and assignment of contracts;.
-reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and process agent letters; and.
-reviewing legal opinions of German and Norwegian legal counsels and liaising with the said foreign legal counsels in relation to the transaction.
Acted for the new lender incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in the emergency acquisition of a USD160 million facility and a debt restructuring of a Singapore-incorporated company.
-providing options to the clients in relation to the proposed acquisition and formulating strategies for the acquisition of the loan;.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes, inter alia, 2 facility agreements (and the supplementals thereto), 2 intercreditor agreements, 3 share charges and 2 account charges;.
-liaising with foreign counsels including counsels from Cyprus, India, British Virgin Islands and United Arab Emirates;.
-advising on the structure for a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-drafting documentation required for the debt restructuring exercise, e.g. the term sheet, supplemental agreements to the facility agreements, fresh intercreditor  agreements and fresh security documents.
Acted for a fund in its proposed role as a lender in a debt restructuring exercise involving a loan facility of USD112 million, senior mezzanine notes of USD207 million and junior mezzanine notes of USD207 million.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes a facility agreement, senior and mezzanine note documentation and security documentation, e.g. share charges, options deed poll, debentures, account charges, deeds of covenants and intercreditor agreements for the purpose of advising a proposed new lender in a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-advised the client on the proposed acquisition of the said loans/notes.
Acted for two lenders in relation to a SGD115 million bridging facility to acquire a company listed on the SGX-ST by way of a scheme of arrangement.
-drafting the facility agreement and security documents, e.g. ship mortgage, deed of covenants, share charge, debenture, deed of undertaking, security trust agreement and guarantee.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.62 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a condominium in Singapore.
-reviewing the facility agreement, trust deed, deed of indemnity, shareholders’ undertaking, assignment of insurances, assignment of proceeds, assignment of project documents and debenture; and.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.56 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a prominent shopping mall in Singapore.
-providing advice on the borrower’s obligations under the finance documents and the feasibility of various corporate restructuring proposals, e.g. sale of an asset to a real estate investment trust, IPO of a subsidiary etc. ; and.
-drafting various documents in relation to the said transaction.
Acted for a prominent provider of healthcare services in respect of a SGD850 million loan facility to finance construction and development of medical facilities in Singapore.
-reviewing the amendment agreement to the facility agreement; and.
-reviewing transactional documents including various ancillary documents, e.g. the corporate authorizations etc.
Acted for a Cayman Islands-incorporated borrower in respect of a SGD135 million loan facility to finance acquisition of a company involved in the chemical industry listed on the SGX-ST by way of voluntary offer.
-reviewing the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, guarantees, account charge, subordination agreement and security trust agreement;.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same;.
-liaising with Cayman Islands legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the Cayman Islands;.
-liaising with Chinese legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the PRC;.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore;.
-assisting the target company and its subsidiary in carrying out whitewash procedures; and.
-preparing various discharge documents upon full repayment of the loan.
Acted for a near-insolvent borrower in relation to a SGD101 million loan facility ( including letters of credit/standby letters of credit and foreign exchange facilities of SGD62 million), the issuance of warrants to the lenders and a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary.
-negotiating with the syndicated lenders in relation to terms of the finance documents so as to avoid a declaration of default;.
-advised clients in relation to a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary for the provision of further securities to the lenders and its impact on the finance documents;.
-reviewing the facility agreement, share charge, debentures and account charge; and.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
Advised a foreign bank on taking securities under the laws of Singapore.
-provision of general advice on the taking of securities under the laws of Singapore, e.g. conflicts of laws issues, perfection issues, registration and stamping requirements etc.
Acted for a Singapore-incorporated lender in respect of a loan to finance acquisition of a company conducting business in China listed on the SGX-ST.
-drafting the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, account charge, debentures and subordination agreements;.
-providing legal solutions to the lender in relation to the types of securities to be provided;.
- reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates, share transfer forms and process agent letters; and.
-liaising with foreign legal counsels, including BVI counsel, Cayman Islands counsel and Chinese counsel and reviewing foreign legal opinions from a Singapore-law practice perspective.
Acted for a syndicate of lenders in relation to a SGD200 million facility to refinance the borrowings of a borrower involved in the petrol chemicals industry in the acquisition and development of a storage facility for oil and other petrol chemicals.
-drafting the facility agreement, shareholder’s undertakings, and various security documents including debenture, assignment of insurances and assignment of contracts;.
-reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and process agent letters; and.
-reviewing legal opinions of German and Norwegian legal counsels and liaising with the said foreign legal counsels in relation to the transaction.
Acted for the new lender incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in the emergency acquisition of a USD160 million facility and a debt restructuring of a Singapore-incorporated company.
-providing options to the clients in relation to the proposed acquisition and formulating strategies for the acquisition of the loan;.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes, inter alia, 2 facility agreements (and the supplementals thereto), 2 intercreditor agreements, 3 share charges and 2 account charges;.
-liaising with foreign counsels including counsels from Cyprus, India, British Virgin Islands and United Arab Emirates;.
-advising on the structure for a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-drafting documentation required for the debt restructuring exercise, e.g. the term sheet, supplemental agreements to the facility agreements, fresh intercreditor  agreements and fresh security documents.
Acted for a fund in its proposed role as a lender in a debt restructuring exercise involving a loan facility of USD112 million, senior mezzanine notes of USD207 million and junior mezzanine notes of USD207 million.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes a facility agreement, senior and mezzanine note documentation and security documentation, e.g. share charges, options deed poll, debentures, account charges, deeds of covenants and intercreditor agreements for the purpose of advising a proposed new lender in a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-advised the client on the proposed acquisition of the said loans/notes.
Acted for two lenders in relation to a SGD115 million bridging facility to acquire a company listed on the SGX-ST by way of a scheme of arrangement.
-drafting the facility agreement and security documents, e.g. ship mortgage, deed of covenants, share charge, debenture, deed of undertaking, security trust agreement and guarantee.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.62 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a condominium in Singapore.
-reviewing the facility agreement, trust deed, deed of indemnity, shareholders’ undertaking, assignment of insurances, assignment of proceeds, assignment of project documents and debenture; and.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.56 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a prominent shopping mall in Singapore.
-providing advice on the borrower’s obligations under the finance documents and the feasibility of various corporate restructuring proposals, e.g. sale of an asset to a real estate investment trust, IPO of a subsidiary etc. ; and.
-drafting various documents in relation to the said transaction.
Acted for a prominent provider of healthcare services in respect of a SGD850 million loan facility to finance construction and development of medical facilities in Singapore.
-reviewing the amendment agreement to the facility agreement; and.
-reviewing transactional documents including various ancillary documents, e.g. the corporate authorizations etc.
Acted for a Cayman Islands-incorporated borrower in respect of a SGD135 million loan facility to finance acquisition of a company involved in the chemical industry listed on the SGX-ST by way of voluntary offer.
-reviewing the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, guarantees, account charge, subordination agreement and security trust agreement;.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same;.
-liaising with Cayman Islands legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the Cayman Islands;.
-liaising with Chinese legal counsel in relation to aspects of the laws of the PRC;.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore;.
-assisting the target company and its subsidiary in carrying out whitewash procedures; and.
-preparing various discharge documents upon full repayment of the loan.
Acted for a near-insolvent borrower in relation to a SGD101 million loan facility ( including letters of credit/standby letters of credit and foreign exchange facilities of SGD62 million), the issuance of warrants to the lenders and a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary.
-negotiating with the syndicated lenders in relation to terms of the finance documents so as to avoid a declaration of default;.
-advised clients in relation to a capital reduction exercise carried out by the borrower’s subsidiary for the provision of further securities to the lenders and its impact on the finance documents;.
-reviewing the facility agreement, share charge, debentures and account charge; and.
-reviewing ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and filings with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.
Advised a foreign bank on taking securities under the laws of Singapore.
-provision of general advice on the taking of securities under the laws of Singapore, e.g. conflicts of laws issues, perfection issues, registration and stamping requirements etc.
Acted for a Singapore-incorporated lender in respect of a loan to finance acquisition of a company conducting business in China listed on the SGX-ST.
-drafting the term sheet, commitment letter, facility agreement, share charges, account charge, debentures and subordination agreements;.
-providing legal solutions to the lender in relation to the types of securities to be provided;.
- reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates, share transfer forms and process agent letters; and.
-liaising with foreign legal counsels, including BVI counsel, Cayman Islands counsel and Chinese counsel and reviewing foreign legal opinions from a Singapore-law practice perspective.
Acted for a syndicate of lenders in relation to a SGD200 million facility to refinance the borrowings of a borrower involved in the petrol chemicals industry in the acquisition and development of a storage facility for oil and other petrol chemicals.
-drafting the facility agreement, shareholder’s undertakings, and various security documents including debenture, assignment of insurances and assignment of contracts;.
-reviewing and/or drafting ancillary documents including corporate authorizations, directors’ certificates and process agent letters; and.
-reviewing legal opinions of German and Norwegian legal counsels and liaising with the said foreign legal counsels in relation to the transaction.
Acted for the new lender incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in the emergency acquisition of a USD160 million facility and a debt restructuring of a Singapore-incorporated company.
-providing options to the clients in relation to the proposed acquisition and formulating strategies for the acquisition of the loan;.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes, inter alia, 2 facility agreements (and the supplementals thereto), 2 intercreditor agreements, 3 share charges and 2 account charges;.
-liaising with foreign counsels including counsels from Cyprus, India, British Virgin Islands and United Arab Emirates;.
-advising on the structure for a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-drafting documentation required for the debt restructuring exercise, e.g. the term sheet, supplemental agreements to the facility agreements, fresh intercreditor  agreements and fresh security documents.
Acted for a fund in its proposed role as a lender in a debt restructuring exercise involving a loan facility of USD112 million, senior mezzanine notes of USD207 million and junior mezzanine notes of USD207 million.
-perusing and conducting due diligence on the existing financing documentation which includes a facility agreement, senior and mezzanine note documentation and security documentation, e.g. share charges, options deed poll, debentures, account charges, deeds of covenants and intercreditor agreements for the purpose of advising a proposed new lender in a debt restructuring exercise; and.
-advised the client on the proposed acquisition of the said loans/notes.
Acted for two lenders in relation to a SGD115 million bridging facility to acquire a company listed on the SGX-ST by way of a scheme of arrangement.
-drafting the facility agreement and security documents, e.g. ship mortgage, deed of covenants, share charge, debenture, deed of undertaking, security trust agreement and guarantee.
Acted for a reputable borrower involved in the real estate industry in respect of a SGD1.62 billion loan facility to finance construction and development of a condominium in Singapore.
-reviewing the facility agreement, trust deed, deed of indemnity, shareholders’ undertaking, assignment of insurances, assignment of proceeds, assignment of project documents and debenture; and.
-negotiating the terms of the finance documents and providing advice to the clients in relation to the same.
Acted for a sponsor incorporated in Hong Kong in listing a real estate investment trust with hospitality assets in Hong Kong.
-preparation of compliance certificates to show compliance with, inter alia, the requirements of the Securities and Futures Act.
Acted for a sponsor incorporated in Hong Kong in listing a real estate investment trust with hospitality assets in Hong Kong.
-preparation of compliance certificates to show compliance with, inter alia, the requirements of the Securities and Futures Act.
Acted for a sponsor incorporated in Hong Kong in listing a real estate investment trust with hospitality assets in Hong Kong.
-preparation of compliance certificates to show compliance with, inter alia, the requirements of the Securities and Futures Act.
Acted for a sponsor incorporated in Hong Kong in listing a real estate investment trust with hospitality assets in Hong Kong.
-preparation of compliance certificates to show compliance with, inter alia, the requirements of the Securities and Futures Act.
Acted for a sponsor incorporated in Hong Kong in listing a real estate investment trust with hospitality assets in Hong Kong.
-preparation of compliance certificates to show compliance with, inter alia, the requirements of the Securities and Futures Act.
-providing advice on the provision of financial advisory services; and.
-corporate secretarial work, e.g. drafting announcements on the SGX-ST, board resolutions and shareholders’ resolutions.
-providing advice on the provision of financial advisory services; and.
-corporate secretarial work, e.g. drafting announcements on the SGX-ST, board resolutions and shareholders’ resolutions.
-providing advice on the provision of financial advisory services; and.
-corporate secretarial work, e.g. drafting announcements on the SGX-ST, board resolutions and shareholders’ resolutions.
-providing advice on the provision of financial advisory services; and.
-corporate secretarial work, e.g. drafting announcements on the SGX-ST, board resolutions and shareholders’ resolutions.
-providing advice on the provision of financial advisory services; and.
-corporate secretarial work, e.g. drafting announcements on the SGX-ST, board resolutions and shareholders’ resolutions.An LL.B (Hons) and BA graduate combining proven skills in legal research and advocacy, with combined corporate experience in the legal and commercial sectors. Quick to grasp the complexities and subtleties.
of legal issues with an instinct for identifying problems or discrepancies. Attentive to detail when drafting court papers and legal submissions and familiar with the legal process involved in handling evidence and witness statements. Possess litigation skills,regulatory, investigations, compliance, employment and maritime law experience. Integrates with ease into multi-national, cross-functional teams and thrives in challenging and high pressure situations.
LL.B (Hons)  Bachelor of Laws, 2nd Class Honours, University of Liverpool (2010-2013).
Supreme Court of  Admitted as an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore (2016) Singapore.
BA, with Dip Ed Bachelor of Arts with Diploma in Education – English, History Majors; Psychology Minor Degree Nanyang Technological University(NTU).
Drafted and advised on corporate shareholders’ and foreign joint-venture agreements, private public partnerships agreements, directors’ resolutions; as well as employment, confidentiality, intellectual property, procurement, funds, shipping, deeds, consignment, sales and purchase and service agreements.
Satisfactorily settled a company shareholders’ dispute in a transfer of shares matter, and a Securities and Futures Act matter.
Handled and advised on several cross-border regulatory investigations, KYC checks, Anti-Money Laundering, and compliance matters leading to acquittals.
Listing compliance matters relating to the Singapore Stock Exchange and the Take-Over Code.
Secondment to a Public-Private Partnership client’s site as in-house legal advisor to advise on contracts, compliance and risk management issues of the company, assisted client for ISO 9001 internal audit.
Russian commercial arbitration court and local joint-venture proposed shareholder’s agreement.
Anti-competition trade matter involving a Vietnamese company.
Writer of a fortnightly legal column for a joint Swiss-Myanmar consultancy firm based in Myanmar.   Winner of the 2015 Duane Morris Pro Bono award.
Handled commercial disputes, arbitrations and mediations, mentions, pre-trial conferences, hearings in the high court, and transactional shipping (wet / dry) matters.
Handled Pro Bono initiatives and court claims, relating to work injury compensation and employment agencies acts.
Assisted in an unprecedented Court of Appeal (CA) Suit for a high profile Estate, Wills, Probate and Trust matter, by drafting CA submissions, including interlocutory applications.
Assisted in mediation hearings relating to Security of Payment and PSSCOC construction disputes.
Drafted legal opinion, legal advice, pleadings, written court submissions (e.g. Bill of Costs taxation, appeal on leave to appeal).
Conducted legal research on a wide variety of complex litigation matters.
Advised on landlord and tenancy, property holding severance and lease disputes.
Advised on family law child custody matters in divorce proceedings.
MARITIME AND PORT AUTHORITY OF SINGAPORE (MPA), Legal Officer                                         02/2014-01/2015.
Review and drafting of contracts, agreements, memorandums of understanding, leases, licenses, insurance clauses, general corporate advisory work.
Drafting of complex court papers, submitted through ICMS, to charge ship owners for maritime offences such as ship collisions, oil pollutions under the Merchant Shipping Act, and under MPA’s subsidiary rules and regulations.
Processing and deciding on appeals, letters of representations from ship agents, ship owners and their legal counsels.
Writing delegation papers and analysing issues such as UNCLOS, territorial and coastal straits, piracy, crime, definition of a ship; occurring at the IMO Legal Committee Meetings in London.
Review of international law papers put up at the IMO Conventions –e.g., the HNS Convention 2010, Ballast Water Management Treatment Convention 2004, Nairobi Wreck Removal Convention 2007.
Assisted to draft and amend legislation to implement new domestic policies and processes, to enact international convention obligations into national law.
Research and opinion writing, replying to counsels’ representations.
Liaised with internal clients from port division, shipping, licensing, port policy, technology, hydrology, port development and finance, as well as external clients such as the port operators, ship owners, agents, P&I Clubs, external counsel and other agencies and Ministries.
MINISTRY OF MANPOWER, SINGAPORE, Prosecutor – Legal Services    02/2005-06/2010.
Litigated in numerous criminal trials, with reported and unreported case law to my name:.
i)   PP v Mohd Aslam s/o Jahandad  [2006] SGDC 9 / [2006] 2 SLR 511;  ii)  PP v Deng XiaoHong  [2008] SGDC 23;  iii) PP v G.V. Krishnaraj   [2010].
Member of a working committee to establish systems and procedures for the passing of the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act in 2007.
Recipient of the Minister for Home Affairs’ Award for cracking a Chinese syndicated false declaration case involving 16 men in 2008 and winner of the Permanent Secretary’s Award in 2006.
IT Project Team Lead for the implementation of a new internal database system involving project sign-offs and system specification development with Hewlett Packard and National Computer Systems.
Conducting prosecutions in the Subordinate Courts under various legislation (Employment of Foreign Workers’ Act, Employment Act, Immigration Act, Workmen Compensation Act and Factories Act).
Actively involved in sole conduct of mentions, pre-trial conferences, criminal case management system, and full trials before Magistrates and District Judges in the Subordinate Courts, reviewing investigation findings and responding to representations of Defence Lawyers.
Assessing the impact of the Ministry’s various manpower policies, drafting and vetting court papers, statement of facts, and preparing legal submissions; handling over 100 cases a year.
Conducting interviews with trial witnesses, working with the police as required and researching and opinion writing on evidential and other legal issues.
Acquiring an excellent understanding of the criminal justice process and seeking case concurrence with the Deputy Public Prosecutors at the Attorney’s General Chambers.
Utilising Lexis Nexis, Westlaw and JustCite for research purposes and writing 30 over case summaries for murder cases in Malaya and Singapore in just 4 days Responsibilities.
Assisting with confidential research on revising the penal code for capital punishment for murder under s.300(c) Penal Code, specifically the clause on execution; and reviewing legal articles on behalf of the Director.
CLIFFORD CHANCE LLP, SINGAPORE, Vacation Scheme Intern   07/2012-08/2012.
Researching, preparing and delivering a presentation on the UK Bribery Act 2010 to the Managing Partner and Senior Partners.
Providing assistance in arbitration clause comparison across jurisdictions, attending an emergency arbitration meeting, researching arbitration cases, corporate M&A work in writing a document on Directors' duties for a Philippines client, a finance exercise, and conducting research into dawn raids for a client presentation.
UK SINGAPORE LAW STUDENTS SOCIETY (UKSLSS), Editorial Committee, U.K.  11/2010-08/2011 Legal Forum.
 Held key role as UKSLSS Editorial Committee Member, art edited and produced the Lex Loci 2011, a 92 page student legal journal, for the annual Legal Forum attended by the Law Minister, judges, lawyers and law students.
 Assisting in the successful civil court trial for an international client, for an unauthorised tobacco advertising case, by researching similar regulatory vs advertising licence cases in the UK and EU  Taking accurate notes of evidence presented in court during five days of the civil trial, drafting defence submissions.
Vice President, University of Liverpool Advocacy Society, England  2011-2012.
As elected student Vice-President, organised advocacy training and skills workshops, arranged for senior criminal lecturers and barristers to give mock trial training sessions.
Secretary, University of Liverpool Pro-Bono Society, England  2011-2012.
As Secretary of the Pro-Bono Society, assisted in raising students’ awareness and involvement in pro-bono activities in North-West England by organising pro-bono talks, walks, raffle prize draws, socials, and various fund-raising events for the Liverpool Law Clinic.
2010-2011 Art & Production Editor / Writer, UK Singapore Law Students’ Society (UKSLSS).
As Editorial Committee member, successfully produced a 92 page student legal journal, the Lex Loci 2011, as its Creative Art and Production editor and writer. Was the originator of the grid cover design of Lex Loci in 2011-12, with succeeding Lex Loci in 2012-13 following suit.
University of Liverpool Representative, UKSLSS, England  2010-2011.
Represented the Society as University Representative by coordinating, liaising and disseminating information on events, seminars, talks and visits by law professionals to the UK.
Quarter-Finalist, Law School Mooting Competition, University of Liverpool, UK                 2011.
Participated in the Liverpool Law School Mooting Competition in First Year and achieved Quarter-Finalist position.
Interests include   Music, Singing and National Song Writing Winner (Member of University of Liverpool Choir Singers and former member of the Chinese Orchestra, Anglo-Chinese Junior College (ACJC).
Mission trips to Japan and Pakistan and past leadership training camps at NTU High Jump Championships at NTU and Athletic Track and Field Meets at ACJC.
Fluent English, Mandarin; conversational Japanese, Hokkien, Cantonese.
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Outlook; Adobe Photoshop, PageMaker,.
LIVERPOOL LAW CLINIC, LIVERPOOL, U.K., Student Advisor (one semester) Key Achievements.
 Advised with a letter on an area of Family Law regarding child maintenance if payable once the client moved abroad; produced a booklet on defences against tenancy eviction.• E-mail  • Phone:  +65-31637368 | 90361820 • 1F, Cantonment Rd #48-67, Singapore.
Admitted to practice in India – Enrolled with the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, India.
Conducted trainings and compliance sessions for the senior management of several multinational corporates including (a) Conducted trainings for the Senior Management of Citibank on prohibition and prevention of sexual harassment at workplace (2015); (b) Conducted training and compliance sessions for the Senior Management of Bank of Tokya Mitsubhi UFG (2015) on due process for termination of employment; and (c) Conducted training sessions for the entire office of Comverse Network Systems India Private Limited (2014 & 2015) with respect to prevention and prohibition of sexual harassment at workplace.
Selected as a Teaching Assistant for delivering lectures on International Trade and Economics to I & III Semester Students of National Law University, Jodhpur in 2009 – delivered lectures for 6 hours every week in a semester.
Interned with leading corporate law firms in India including Amarchand and Mangaldas and Shroff A. Shroff and Co., Luthra and Luthra Law Offices, Jyoti Sagar and Associates, ARA Law, Advocates and Solicitors, King and Partridge, and Khaitan and Co., New Delhi;.
Published a paper titled “Foreign Direct Investment in Limited Liability Partnerships” in the US-India Business Council Journal in March, 2012;.
Published a paper titled “Revamping the Code for Auditors: A necessity for better Governance” in the Company Law Journal in September, 2009;.
Judged the preliminary rounds 3rd Herbert Smith Freehills – National Law University Delhi International Negotiation Competition, 2016;.
Represented National Law University, Jodhpur as a Strategist in 4th International Chamber of Commerce Commercial Mediation Competition, Paris, France held in February, 2009;.
Represented National Law University, Jodhpur as a Speaker in UILS National Sarin Moot Court Competition, Chandigarh in April 2007. Adjudged as the Runners –Up Team of the Competition and awarded as the Second Best Speaker; and.
Represented National Law University in Surana and Surana Trial advocacy Competition, Cochin in Sept 2006. Adjudged as the Runners-up Team in the competition.
An art enthusiast with paintings displayed in several state level art exhibitions; and.
Undertaken a six months course on miniature painting in Jodhpur, Rajasthan in 2009.
SENIOR ASSOCIATE, AZB & PARTNERS, a top tier corporate law firm.
Counseled several multinationals with respect to a broad range of corporate/business restructuring involving change in capital structure, business models/ strategies and implementation of the preferred structure by way of drafting documents and negotiating with relevant stakeholders. Some key assignments were.
Advising the largest e-commerce company in the world in investing and setting up its business operations in India through a legally sensitive model entailing implementation of a new business vertical for the client (Investment value: USD 1.4BN);.
Advising an internet application based messaging company on its capital restructuring which involved issuance of shares of differential value and a share swap between non-resident investors and non-resident parent company (Share swap value: USD 165MM);.
Advising an IT major in India in restructuring its stock based investment scheme for all employees wherein the employees had to surrender their existing stock options in the Indian company and were issued employees stock options of the parent company; and.
Advising a leading non-profit organization based out of the United States with respect to restructuring of its members, directors and operations in India.
Advised corporates on commercial transaction including joint ventures and private equity. Responsibilities included drafting and negotiating joint venture agreements, shareholders agreements, share subscription agreements and procuring regulatory approvals. Executed and managed several high value transactions including:.
Advising an internet company in receiving a funding by way of private equity investment (Investment value: USD 175MM);.
Advising one of the largest luxury fashion brands in the world, in (i) setting up a joint venture in India with an Indian partner for engaging in the business of single brand retail trading (Initial investment USD 0.45 MM); and (ii) obtaining an approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board of India for the said brand in order to gain a majority shareholding in the aforesaid joint venture; and.
Advising the largest e-commerce company in the world in setting up of a multi-million dollar joint venture with an Indian partner for operating an e-commerce value added services company (initial investment: USD 51 MM) and also advised the said joint venture company in setting up a subsidiary engaged in retail business in India.
Advisory on a variety of commercial legal issues including but not limited to advice on legal implications of business strategies/ initiatives, establishment of special economic zones, privacy, data protection, information technology, online payment systems and employment.
Counseled several multinationals with respect to a broad range of corporate/business restructuring involving change in capital structure, business models/ strategies and implementation of the preferred structure by way of drafting documents and negotiating with relevant stakeholders. Some key assignments were.
Advising the largest e-commerce company in the world in investing and setting up its business operations in India through a legally sensitive model entailing implementation of a new business vertical for the client (Investment value: USD 1.4BN);.
Advising an internet application based messaging company on its capital restructuring which involved issuance of shares of differential value and a share swap between non-resident investors and non-resident parent company (Share swap value: USD 165MM);.
Advising an IT major in India in restructuring its stock based investment scheme for all employees wherein the employees had to surrender their existing stock options in the Indian company and were issued employees stock options of the parent company; and.
Advising a leading non-profit organization based out of the United States with respect to restructuring of its members, directors and operations in India.
Advised corporates on commercial transaction including joint ventures and private equity. Responsibilities included drafting and negotiating joint venture agreements, shareholders agreements, share subscription agreements and procuring regulatory approvals. Executed and managed several high value transactions including:.
Advising an internet company in receiving a funding by way of private equity investment (Investment value: USD 175MM);.
Advising one of the largest luxury fashion brands in the world, in (i) setting up a joint venture in India with an Indian partner for engaging in the business of single brand retail trading (Initial investment USD 0.45 MM); and (ii) obtaining an approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board of India for the said brand in order to gain a majority shareholding in the aforesaid joint venture; and.
Advising the largest e-commerce company in the world in setting up of a multi-million dollar joint venture with an Indian partner for operating an e-commerce value added services company (initial investment: USD 51 MM) and also advised the said joint venture company in setting up a subsidiary engaged in retail business in India.
Advisory on a variety of commercial legal issues including but not limited to advice on legal implications of business strategies/ initiatives, establishment of special economic zones, privacy, data protection, information technology, online payment systems and employment.
Advising multi-national corporations on transactions involving strategic acquisitions. Responsibilities included supervising the due diligence process, drafting of share purchase agreements, shareholders agreements and all ancillary transaction documents including disclosure schedule, warranty certificates, key employment agreements etc. in relation to the transactions. Key transactions included:.
Advising a telecom company buying out its foreign joint venture partner holding a majority stake in the joint venture company (deal value – highly confidential);.
Advising a German industrial door manufacturing company in acquiring majority shareholding in an Indian door manufacturing company based out of Hyderabad (USD 12 MM); and.
Advising an Indian listed infrastructure group company in its proposed acquisition of promoter stake in a listed company engaged in engineering and procurement contracts execution in the railway industry (USD 4MM).
Drafted and negotiated several commercial contracts including high value service and marketing contracts for international as well as domestic clients;.
Drafted opinions and memorandum for several multinational clients on a variety of exchange control issues in India; and.
Advised several corporates extensively on a range of employment issues including restructuring of compensation and termination of key employees.
Advising multi-national corporations on transactions involving strategic acquisitions. Responsibilities included supervising the due diligence process, drafting of share purchase agreements, shareholders agreements and all ancillary transaction documents including disclosure schedule, warranty certificates, key employment agreements etc. in relation to the transactions. Key transactions included:.
Advising a telecom company buying out its foreign joint venture partner holding a majority stake in the joint venture company (deal value – highly confidential);.
Advising a German industrial door manufacturing company in acquiring majority shareholding in an Indian door manufacturing company based out of Hyderabad (USD 12 MM); and.
Advising an Indian listed infrastructure group company in its proposed acquisition of promoter stake in a listed company engaged in engineering and procurement contracts execution in the railway industry (USD 4MM).
Drafted and negotiated several commercial contracts including high value service and marketing contracts for international as well as domestic clients;.
Drafted opinions and memorandum for several multinational clients on a variety of exchange control issues in India; and.
Advised several corporates extensively on a range of employment issues including restructuring of compensation and termination of key employees.
Assisted in advising on several private equity investments as well as strategic acquisitions. Responsibilities included assistance in conducting due diligence and drafting of documentation on behalf of acquirer/investor. Some significant transactions included:.
Advising an Indian subsidiary of a US based electronic consumer goods company, in its acquisition of an Indian company engaged in the business of technology development and engineering systems (USD 10 MM);.
Advising an internationally renowned private equity fund in its investment in an Indian e-commerce company (US 17MM); and.
Advising an Indian business conglomerate on its proposed acquisition of a majority stake of a public listed company engaged in the business of transmission of natural gas by an Indian conglomerate (USD 900 MM).
Advised corporates on various issues with respect to employment laws including setting up employment policies, drafting standard employment letters and restructuring the compensation structure from a legal standpoint.
Assisted in advising on several private equity investments as well as strategic acquisitions. Responsibilities included assistance in conducting due diligence and drafting of documentation on behalf of acquirer/investor. Some significant transactions included:.
Advising an Indian subsidiary of a US based electronic consumer goods company, in its acquisition of an Indian company engaged in the business of technology development and engineering systems (USD 10 MM);.
Advising an internationally renowned private equity fund in its investment in an Indian e-commerce company (US 17MM); and.
Advising an Indian business conglomerate on its proposed acquisition of a majority stake of a public listed company engaged in the business of transmission of natural gas by an Indian conglomerate (USD 900 MM).
Advised corporates on various issues with respect to employment laws including setting up employment policies, drafting standard employment letters and restructuring the compensation structure from a legal standpoint.
ASSOCIATE, ARA LAW, ADVOCATES AND SOLICITORS, a private equity and capital markets law firm.
Assisted in several private equity transactions wherein responsibilities included research on structuring of transactions, conducting due diligence and assistance with drafting of investment agreements and other ancillary transaction documents. Key transactions were:.
Advising an internationally renowned hedge fund in its investment in an e-commerce company (USD 14 MM);.
Advising an internationally renowned hedge fund in its investment in a company engaged in the business of online gaming in India (USD 5 MM); and.
Advising a private equity fund in its second round of funding for a cancer specialization hospital.
Drafting opinions and memorandums for various mutual fund houses, portfolio managers, and foreign institutional investors in relation to their compliances under extant foreign exchange laws and regulations issued by the capital markets regulator in India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”);.
Drafted several representations to SEBI on behalf of SEBI registered entities; and.
Assisted in drafting of agreements, trust deeds, private placement memorandums and other fund documents for venture capital funds.
Assisted in several private equity transactions wherein responsibilities included research on structuring of transactions, conducting due diligence and assistance with drafting of investment agreements and other ancillary transaction documents. Key transactions were:.
Advising an internationally renowned hedge fund in its investment in an e-commerce company (USD 14 MM);.
Advising an internationally renowned hedge fund in its investment in a company engaged in the business of online gaming in India (USD 5 MM); and.
Advising a private equity fund in its second round of funding for a cancer specialization hospital.
Drafting opinions and memorandums for various mutual fund houses, portfolio managers, and foreign institutional investors in relation to their compliances under extant foreign exchange laws and regulations issued by the capital markets regulator in India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”);.
Drafted several representations to SEBI on behalf of SEBI registered entities; and.
Assisted in drafting of agreements, trust deeds, private placement memorandums and other fund documents for venture capital funds.
B.A., LLB. (Business Laws Honors.) – National Law University, Jodhpur, India - 2010 [CGPA – 7.62/10 Ranked 6th in the class of B.A., LL.B (Business Laws Honors.)].
Senior Secondary (ICSE), Scored an aggregate of 90.25 % (Awarded Gold Medal for scoring the highest in Economics in the state).
Secondary (ICSE) Scored an aggregate of 93.4% (Awarded Gold Medal for scoring more than 90% in all subjects).