Equity, Futures and Option Settlement (Local and Overseas).
Coordinate with Broker, Custodian or Prime Broker to solve settlement issues.
Handle Corporate Action Event (Dividend, Stock Bonus, Rights Issue).
Coordinate with Fund Administrator to solve NAV Calculating issues.
Recognize and approve Fund Administrator Month End NAV for the Fund.
Negotiate with Fund Administrator and Fund Auditor to finalized Financial Statement.
Dec 2014 to Aug 2015  State Street, IFS (Outsource middle office).
Operations Supervisor, Senior Associate (Assistant Manager).
Follow up Equity, Futures, Options, Fixed Income, FX, Derivatives (IRS, CDS) settlement issue.
Ensure client’s trade details fit into internal systems correctly.
Coordinate with Broker, Custodian or Prime Broker to solve settlement issues.
Handle Corporate Action Event (Dividend, Stock Bonus, Rights Issue).
Equity, Futures and Option Settlement (Local and Overseas).
Coordinate with Broker, Custodian or Prime Broker to solve settlement issues.
Follow up and verify mark to market margin call for different Fund.
Handle Corporate Action Event (Dividend, Stock Bonus, Rights Issue).
Onboarding to service provider (Custodian, Fund Administrator).
Good communication and interpersonal skills and able to work under pressure.Block 115B Yishun Ring Road #02-817, Singapore 762115 | +65 90931524 | muhdfaizdaud@gmail.com.
Availability: 1 Month Notice | Expected Monthly Salary: Negotiable.
A highly motivated individual, seeking to contribute and progress in a well-established financial institution, in an analytical role of a banking, fund or financial operations.
A driven learner to continually improve in his skills and expected responsibilities.
Senior Operations Analyst | June ’16 – Present | Basic Salary: $46,000 annually, Allowance: $500 monthly.
Operations Analyst | November ’14 – June ’16 | Basic Salary: $39,500 annually, Allowance: $500 monthly.
Reconciliations of various funds with various AUM; trades & transactions of various instruments and nature (including corporate actions), positions and cash, within the tight deadline of Service Level Agreement.
Reviewing of reconciliations, for accuracy and completeness, before delivering to the Local Office or client.
Proactive investigation and resolving of discrepancies between Citco and broker/client, via effective communication and appropriate resolutions, especially if the reconciliations are due for NAV reporting.
Auto Recon Tool SME; mapping and maintaining accounts of various funds for reconciliation work.
Successfully on boarded new business, new client or funds, to our system and team for reconciliation work.
An important middle office function, being a quality reconciliation is key to an accurate NAV for the fund.
Mentoring newer teammates to guide them in building their skills and knowledge competencies.
Making valuable improvements in procedures to boost efficiency and quality and minimise risk.
Singapore Malay Chamber of Commerce and Industry | April ’13 – July ‘13.
Generated and implemented ideas that improve the organisation’s image and capabilities for its rebranding.
Successfully coordinated corporate events like a business conference and a seminar for SMEs.
Successfully sourced and negotiated deals with sponsors and advertising clients that funded the production of the collaterals.
Planned, developed and managed the project of producing collaterals such as a newsletter and annual report.
Relevant Coursework: Financial Management, Banking & Finance, Financial Reporting, Management Accounting, Audit and Assurance, Microeconomics, Management Science, Management Mathematics.
Review rating of 4/5, excellence for performance and interpersonal skill, as an Operations Analyst for 2015.
Only few chosen for the Maintenance Section Commander Course (MSCC) and promoted to the rank of 3rd Sergeant.
Appointed as Section Commander of a section in the depot and for the entire depot in outfield exercises.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (MS Excel, MS Word, MS Powerpoint).Senior Audit Associate in the Global Financial Services Industry Department.
Specialise in the audit of wholesale and offshore banks, also experienced in insurance and fund audits.
Successfully plan, execute and conclude statutory audits engagements within agreed timeframes.
Competent in identifying and assessing risks, control gaps and compliance issues in business processes.
Efficaciously present findings and recommendation to various key stakeholders.
Prepare financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
Achieved appraisal grading of “High Performance” for top 20% of the cohort in 2015.
Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Limited              2012 - 2013 Financial Consultant.
Associate member                2013 - Current  pending Chartered Accountant (CA) Singapore title.
Bachelor of Accountancy             2010 - 2013 with Second Class Honours (Lower Division).
Actively participates in external sporting events to uphold firm’s branding:.
Corporate Community Games for Badminton – Champion (2014) & 2nd Runner-up.
(2015) o M1 Corporate Netball Challenge – Champion (2014 and 2015).
Nation-wide sporting event - Bike Rally 2012 as Event Controller o Freshmen Orientation Camp 2011 for Nanyang Business School as Programmer o Overseas Community Involvement Program to Vietnam in 2011 as Treasurer.https://sg.linkedin.com/pub/benjamin-lim-min-xiang/76/210/857 KEY SKILLS.
Proficient in Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Hedge Fund Accounting, OTC and derivatives such as Futures, Forwards and Options.
Capable of cash and positions reconciliations of high asset value funds trading various financial instruments such as bonds, equities, swaps, OTCs and derivatives.
Highly skilled in advanced excel and MS Office to facilitate work processes.
Possess operational knowledge in Bloomberg, Geneva, TRADAR and PAXUS software.
Team-player; able to work independently.  Strong passion of learning and teaching.
Prepare P&L summaries through price verification, position reconciliation and overall P&L analysis of the portfolio.
Liaison with prime brokers, custodians, administrators, auditors, lawyers and various counterparties.
Review and confirm NAV figures from various fund administrators for all in-house funds.
Trade break resolution with counterparties to ensure timely settlement of cash trades.
Prepare cash flow projection to ensure sufficient funding for trade settlement.
Handle cash management and daily reconciliation, including expense disbursement.
Portfolio management, conversion and booking of complex trades and corporate actions.
Preparation of Financial Statements for annual audit and meeting Fund Annual Return (FAR) deadline.
Perform KYC and proper due diligence on potential investors.
Involve in continual streamlining of existing operating processes.
Citibank, Alternative Fund Investment Services  Apr 14 – Jul 15.
Outsourced simpler BAUs to offshore team for cost and manpower savings creating capacity for newer and more profitable business.
Involved in massive fund migration/conversion project, with total asset under management (AUM) size of up to USD 600m.
Pioneered the setup and automation of a fast growing fund with little pressure added on existing infrastructures.
Continual improvement to existing templates through excel automation and macro to achieve productivity savings of up to 50%.
Responsible for existing work-flow reviews to ensure productivity and mitigate unnecessary risks to counterparty.
Ensured NAV deliverable are strictly compliant to SLA and SOC1 requirements.
Preparation of financial statements for annual fund audit.
Key liaison with prime brokers, custodians and clients to resolve trades/corporate actions discrepancies.
Fostered cordial working relationship with Hedge Fund clients.
Effectively applied advanced excel skill and keyboard shortcuts to prepare daily trades, position and cash reconciliations for hedge fund 2sigma and Dymon Asia Capital in line with daily SLA.
Accurate reconciliation with no feedback from local offices.
Independent break resolution for all open items with the brokers or clients.
Improved overall team efficiency by reducing time-taken for personal reconciliations up to 10% via the use of Excel functions and tools.
Mentored and cross-trained team-mates on heavily-traded funds that dealt with complex derivatives, OTCs to vanilla securities.
Worked effectively with Business Analysts, clients and other Citco offices to resolve any open issues.
Assist in fund migrations within and outside of Singapore office.
Bachelor of Science in Economics and Management (Honours)  1st Class Honours.
Certificate of Commendation - SPINNOVEX 2007 Project Exhibition.Mobile: +65 91143016   E-Mail: johnnyarambam@gmail.com   Home: 8 Lorong 26 Geylang, S - 398483.
I am a highly dedicated, motivated individual, offering over 9 years of experience in Operations (Hedge Fund Middle Office, Fixed Income Middle Office Securities Operation, Syndicate Bank Loan, Customer Support). Presently working with SS&C Fund Services Singapore (previously Citibank HFS), as Manager, Hedge Fund Operations. Possessing a keen understanding of the Financial Services industry with specialization in Hedge Fund and Institutional Fund Operations.
Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) Graduate from JIWAJI UNIVERSITY, INDIA.
SS&C Singapore (previously Citibank HFS) – Manager – OTC and Hedge Fund Middle Office.
Job Profile: Managing the Middle office responsibilities of my clients, Trade Life Cycle- Trade Capture, Confirmation, Valuation, Settlement and Reconciliation process.
Reconcile all trades daily including OTC and listed securities. Ensure all breaks are resolved on time.
Ensure confirmations and settlements for trades are done on time.
Liaising with client, brokers, custodian, prime brokers daily to ensure smooth process flow.
Setting up P&L reports for clients, monitoring P&L movements daily and reconciling P&L differences.
Reconciling positions with client, brokers, custodian to ensure positions are in line.
Ensures that all the deliverables are met within the agreed SLAs, without compromising on quality & accuracy.
Liaising closely with offshore support team to implement the most optimal operating model.
Oversee offshore support team work and ensure all controls are followed.
Assist in preparing operational procedure (SOPs) and service review for clients with senior management.
Involved in clients on-boarding and preparing operational memorandum procedures and agreeing on Key Performance Indicators (“KPI”) and service level agreements.
Working closely with external parties such as the prime brokers/custodians, OMS system vendors for interface and connectivity testing during implementation.
Working on projects such as automation, procedural controls, risk controls, staff training, etc.
Application used - Bloomberg, DTCC, Calypso, Markitwire, Virtus, Geneva, MOM, Oasys, Price Maker, Security Master.
Goldman Sachs – Specialist – Middle Office – Securities Operation.
Job Profile: Provide support for EMEA Sales rep covering trade booking, allocation, reconciliation, confirmation, settlement.
Supporting EMEA Sales rep for fixed income bond trading – Voice Trade and Electronic Trades.
First point of contact for clients for any queries related to bond trades. On the secondary market and primary market -we act as Billing and Delivery for various new issues in the market.
Monitor trades are booked correctly in terms of economic details- Price, Quantity, Cash, TD and SD.
Liaise with various trade support team to resolve internal mismatches.
Sourcing for allocations from Electronic platforms like Trade Web, Market Axxess, Bond Vision and through e-mails from clients.
Working on automation of the process to increase efficiency and productivity.
Allocate trades to respective funds/accounts for clients, send confirmation through fax, email or over Oasys/CTM, instructing in the market to get the trade settled.
Dealing with Omgeo & Oasys confirmations for clients, resolving queries for trades rejected by clients and custodian over Oasys.
Contact client/ FO directly for any queries regarding the trade, settlement issues, mismatch of deals, instructions, allocation of deals, etc.
Liaise with different team to resolve issues related to product setup, downstream issues, etc.
Facilitate TBA Pairoffs Trades, FOP (free of payment) trades.
Facilitate new Account/Fund opening for Client to trade fixed income products.
Work on automation and industrialization of the process to lessen manual intervention in the process.
Responsible for sending reports to management daily and monitoring it to resolve risk involved in the process.
Migrated the process of Fixed Income Allocation (FIAC) from London.
Worked at GS London office for a month with various teams comprising of people from different background and culture, to understand and get trained in the process.
Regular meeting and catch up session with various teams (including front office) from various locations including London, Russia, Frankfurt, Bangalore, etc. to discuss POA for a successful migration.
Monitoring the work done at Bangalore, addressing queries, identifying and resolving issues.
Application used: MS Office, SWS, Hydra, IAM, Rumba, Alert, Bloomberg, Tradeweb, MTS Bond Vision, Market Axxess, Oasys, CTM.
Job Profile: Oversee daily cashflow for clients with respect to syndicate bank loan securities covering cash and position reconciliation.
Managing Clients investment portfolios which have invested in Syndicate Bank Loan market covering Cash Reconciliation and auditing daily.
Responsible for setting up the process of Position Reconciliation for Bank Loan assets in India and monitoring it daily. Responsible for imparting training on this area to teammates, assigning them with work on this area on a regular basis and carrying out quality checks on work done and advising them on issues.
Handle trades for Clients by coordinating with various Investment Managers and keep a track of all trades conducted. Also, maintain the cash flow projections, be in constant touch with agent banks for information & reconciliation.
Checking clients account daily to keep track of client’s investment, running forecast cash flow report, processing payments, chasing payments, identifying issues if any, researching on it and resolving it daily.
Responsible for auditing and reconciliation of clients’ accounts daily with respect to Agent Bank and Investment Manager to present a clear picture to the client about their investments.
Working closely with Investment Manager, Brokers and Agent Banks based in different geographical location to see that we provide our clients with the best of service possible.
Researching on cash exceptions daily with the help of certain resources and clearing it.
Maintaining good rapport with middle office, working closely with Reps assigned to each client on the regular basis to ensure any issues are communicated and addressed quickly.
Involved in various business operations helping the organization to achieve cost-effective production with increased quality and efficiency, and meeting clients’ expectations and at time exceeding them.
Responsible for preparing daily reports and tracking exceptions using excel and other application and sending it to daily representatives and management.
Setting up the process of Position Reconciliation for Bank Loan assets in India.
Responsible for setting up the process of Position Reconciliation for Bank Loan assets in India and monitoring it daily.
Responsible for imparting training on this area to teammates, assigning them with work on this area on a regular basis and carrying out quality checks on work done and advising them on issues.
Analyzing customer’s requirements and selling Internet Service packages that will suit the requirement.
Up-selling and Cross-selling when there is an opportunity to enhance the relationship.
Maintaining Customer’s Account and Handling their queries.
Mphasis – Customer Service Executive Level 2– Banking Products for US customers.
Handling customer queries/transaction request of a prestigious multinational American bank.
Analyzing Customer’s relationship with the bank with the purpose of enhancing the relationship through suggestions, reminders and selling banking products that will add value to the relationship (Up-selling).
Good relationship management skills, meticulous, able to handle pressure and meet deadlines consistently.
Strong understanding and high exposure of listed and OTC financial instruments and its trade lifecycle.Problem-Solver: Able to resolve complex problems through synthesizing substantial amounts of information into concise presentations that obtained approval from the Board of Directors, Executive Committee Members and Senior Management.
Stakeholder Management: Build effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders, including cross functional teams, vendors and customers.
Team-Player: Support Senior Management and C-suite stakeholders to overcome operational challenges and achieve commercially prudent outcomes.
Project Management: In-charge of implementing local and overseas transformation/special projects to expand the core logistics business of the company.
Leadership: Held various key leadership positions in not-for-profit organisations, leading teams to deliver a positive impact.
  Assess M&A opportunities and facilitate the completion of deals for the group: o  Prepared business case to secure a joint venture with key strategic eCommerce player, Alibaba Group, where.
Alibaba invested SGD 86.2 million to acquire a 34% stake in SingPost’s logistics subsidiary, Quantium Solutions.
International o  Performed business valuation and financial modelling via Discounted Cash Flow (DCF), and comparable company studies for potential investment/divestment opportunities.
Structured and reviewed divestment related materials including Teaser, and Information Memorandum o  Evaluated financial and business viability of potential domestic and cross-border strategic collaborations  o  Prepared materials for investment presentations and internal communications   Plan and coordinate post-merger integration activities:.
Responsible for the post-merger integration process for newly acquired courier network, CouriersPlease in Australia at transaction worth approximately SGD 105 million.
Developed Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) financial models, and conducted on-site recce studies to evaluate feasibility of capital investment project.
Analysed and devised new franchisee pay out scheme model to incentivize couriers to leverage on a Australian ecommerce company Hubbed, which SingPost newly acquired 30% stake for approximately AUD 4.3 million.
Led in the budgeting and kick-off of pilots for new initiatives such as the roll out of automated parcel lockers nationwide and network expansions into new territories in Australia, and since then, automated parcel lockers have been rolled out, and successfully penetrated into key markets like Perth    Drive and implement transformation/special projects:.
Worked with senior management to prepare the term sheets, business plans, and commercial contracts for strategic partnership with key client.
Conducted market studies and pricing analysis of Thailand’s Last Mile delivery market  Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub.
Coordinated and led in commercial negotiations and technical discussions with external vendors ensuring the organisation’s business interests and requirements were clearly communicated.
Prepared the Board Paper and successfully recommended the Parcel Sorting Equipment Tender Award at a value of more than SGD 20 million.
Appointed Singpost Representative working with McKinsey Consultant team on a high-profile project – Building the SGD 182 million SingPost Regional eCommerce Logistics Hub which successfully commenced operations in second half of 2016.
Performed analysis and problem-solving through synthesizing data into meaningful information, building business models in Microsoft Excel to support Senior Management and Executive Committee in decision-making.
Proficiency in designing presentation slides which enabled approvals from C-Suite stakeholders and the Board to proceed with project implementation.
Prepare streamlined performance reports using SAS Enterprise Guide System enabling management to monitor operations through measurable Key Performance Indicators that ensured performance standards meet customers’ satisfaction.
Managed the different types of customer leads requests and disseminated to the sales acquisition team members.
Conducted credit risk analysis on  potential customers to determine their credit worthiness that enabled the sales teams to identify and convert solid leads.
Validated secretarial records of Thomson Reuters subsidiaries in the Australia, New Zealand, and Japan.
Assisted senior accountants to prepare and organise data for various tax returns.
Led and organised the Society’s events and activities such as Guest Speaker Series and Company Visits for Faculty students majoring in Operations Management.
Singapore for the Advancement of Global Entrepreneurship (SAGE)                                                     2010-2011 Mentor.
Mentored four St. Andrew’s Junior College students to the Final Round of annual Singapore SAGE Competition.
SMU Local Community Services Project - Project Ballooning Bliss (B2)  2009-2010.
Initiated and led Project B2 which consists of 26 committee members, 30 facilitators and 97 freshmen in a dedicated and determined manner to raise funds for the needy children of En Community Services Society.
Raised $45,000 which exceeded the target of $35,000 set by SMU Office of Career and Services (OCS).
Raffles Junior College (RJC), and Raffles Girls’ School (Secondary), Tenpin Bowling  2003 – 2008.
Team Captain (2007-08), Team Captain (2006) and Junior Captain (2005).
Led and fostered team cohesion amongst bowling members to collectively strive for success.
Clinched overall Champions for the 14th National Inter-Schools Tenpin Bowling Championships.
Awarded Raffles Colours Outstanding Performance Award which was presented to students with consistent and commendable performance.
  Operated and flew an aircraft and awarded a Basic Flying Course (BFC) graduation certificate with 14.8hrs flight time.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel and the use of various research databases.
Well-versed in written English Language and fluent in Chinese.
Bachelor of Business Management, Double Major in Finance & Operations Management.Brought along more than 8 years of professional experience with primary focus on financial advisory services.
A diligent, attention-to-detail, quick-to-adapt and self-driven individual with strong sense of responsibility to accomplish a task well done.
A fast learner and a committed team player who will push boundaries of personal limits to contribute to the organization.
Excellent interpersonal and analytical skills, accompanied with strong background in financial and accounting knowledge.
Associate Director – Transaction Services, Deal Advisory  July 2016 – Present.
Manager – Transaction Services, Deal Advisory April 2015 – June 2016 • Specialized in financial due diligence services in relation to corporate acquisitions and investment pursuits in Singapore, India, UAE, Japan, Malaysia, Indonesia and other parts of the region.
Acquisition of subsea infrastructure listed in SGX and shipping group in the Middle East; o Acquisition of power plant infrastructure within the Asian region;  o Acquisition of healthcare group with hospitals spanning across Asia;.
Acquisition of several electronic payment processing and solution businesses based in Asia; o Acquisition of several IT businesses based in Asia and listed in SGX, e.g. online accommodation booking, mobile application developers, cyber security, hardware and peripherals.
Past major clients include multinational corporations and listed companies in Singapore, Japan, USA and Australia.
Other roles include Accounts Manager for one of Singapore’s sovereign wealth funds and training coordinator for more than 40 staff in the Transaction Service department.
Manager – Audit              July 2013 – March 2015 Assistant Manager – Audit  July 2012 – June 2013 Senior Associate – Audit  July 2010 – June 2012.
Involved in planning, leading and managing audit assurance engagements for a portfolio of multinational and SGX-listed clients across a diversified range of industries, including infrastructure, energy provision, construction, shipping, manufacturing and trading.
Consulted clients on financial accounting and reporting compliance and internal controls.
Provided external trainings on topics, such as impairment of non-financial assets and cash flows projections.
Supervised more than 20 audit staff and reported to multiple audit partners each year.
Engaged in sustainability reporting assurance projects in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Past major clients include: Mediterranean Shipping Company, SembCorp Marine Limited, Wilmar International Limited, General Electric, and Airbus Southeast Asia Helicopters.
Management Intern – Private Banking Department  May 2007 – June 2007.
• Supported the private banking team to perform market research and analysis on various investment products (e.g. mutual fund and forward contracts) for potential marketing presentation tools to clients.
Management Intern – Audit May 2006 – June 2006 • Involved in the audit of an SGX-listed commodity client with operation in Eastern Kalimantan, Indonesia.
Participated in cleaning old folks’ flats in Bedok, Singapore.
Participated in providing fun learning activities for kids at Grace Orchard School in Jurong, Singapore.
Skills:  Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point.
Sauder School of Business, University of British Columbia, Canada        • Bachelor of Commerce, Major in Accounting and Minor in E-Business.
• UBC Entrance Scholarship, 2004 – awarded for academic excellence.
• Participated in DBS Marina Regatta and various corporate races.EDUCATION  The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong                                     07/2013 - 06/2014.
Quantitative Method in Finance, Quantitative Risk Management, Derivative Markets, Fixed.
Income, Capital market, Corporate Finance, Advance Financial Management.
Public Finance, Taxation, Accounting, Corporate Finance, Investment Science.
National Dong Hwa University, Taiwan                                                         02/2012 - 06/2012 Exchange student in Dept. of Finance, School of Management, GPA 3.69/4.5.
Business Manager, WaterValley Capital Management, Hong Kong               06/2014 - present.
Quantitative multi-strategy hedge fund with AUM of 200 mio USD.
Responsible for structuring and issuing offshore (Cayman) and onshore funds; work with Cayman & Hong Kong lawyers on fund launch; familiar with onshore fund registration and filing procedure.
Seek cross-boarder business opportunities and successfully launched a cross-boarder arbitrage.
QDII fund with size 100mio RMB   Cover existing and potential clients (HNWI, institution, FOF); prepare marketing material, customize investor statements to present product’s risk & return features, write trading summaries based on portfolio manager’s comment.
Coordinate with onshore and off shore broker, fund administrator, custodian, exchange; build steady connection with them.
Experienced with all workflow of hedge fund operations   Design and build the middle office system, with efficient function of reconciliation, trades booking, corporate actions, Pnl calculation, fund NAV (pre-fee & post-fee) calculation.
Group Leader, Summer Leadership Program, Ernst & Young, Fujian, China              07/2012    Manage the group discussion and reach a consolidated conclusion within the time limit   Present case study report.
Summer Intern, Bank of China, Liaoning, China                                             07/2012 - 08/2012   Work with corporate banking services department; support bank manager by preparing weekly reports of client details.
Assist on selling personal financial products; maintain and track individual customer information.
Liaison Department, Student Union, Xiamen University, Fujian, China      09/2009 - 07/2010   Responsible for planning and inviting sponsorship for large-scale literary parties and recreational activities with hundreds of participants in Xiamen University.
  Compose financial budgeting book, communicated with companies, and raised for some evening galas and events.
Strong communications skills, native in Mandarin and fluent in English.
Experienced with database management with MySQL and python script.
Fast Learners with strong enthusiasm; effective at executions.
Analytical, quantitative, and both independent working & team collaborating skill.
First Honor Scholarship of Xiamen University (top 8% students).
The Second Prize in Business Innovation Competition, Academic Festival in School of Economics.WPP Singapore Pte Ltd –Transaction Services Manager [Sep 16 – Present].
Execution of due diligence on Advertising/ Media/ PR companies in Asia Pacific (excluding Japan).
Financial analysis of targets, compute normalised profits, estimate working capital requirement.
Managing all stakeholders in each deal, both internal and external, in identifying revenue and costs drivers of Target.
and highlighting differing practices of the Target with the operating companies.
Participating in M&A team kickoff meetings with potential targets and also providing deal leads to M&A.
Maintains close relationships with a number of Private Equity clients and works with their origination teams to explore opportunities, as well as providing buy-side advice on their proposed acquisitions including basic LBO modelling. Total enterprise value of projects to date has exceeded USD 200million.
Responsible for financial due diligence services for proposed acquisitions for both private equity and corporate clients, to address their needs in different strategies (financial vs strategic) for projects in various APAC countries such as Jakarta, Taiwan and Vietnam.
Has been involved in vendor assistance projects for sell-side M&A, where the scope centers around assisting with dataflow to bidders, addressing due diligence queries on behalf of clients etc.
Successfully involved in APAC regional project management of KPMG’s largest global separation project to date for an international pharmaceutical firm. Took the lead in phase 2 of the same project in Vietnam for 2 months, to introduce the KPMG Vietnam team to the separation PMO work scope.
BNP Paribas Wealth Management (Singapore Branch) – Associate [Jan 12 – Apr 14].
Key liaison with Head Office (Paris), Group Development & Finance on financial control procedures and implementation.
Oversight of the work procedures set-up in Regional Finance.
Performs independent controls for Finance self-assessment, health indicators, Key Surveillance Points, sensitive accounts, and other control indicators.
Responsible for internal auditors and external auditors on control matters.
Responsible for write-up of a Sensitive Accounts Framework for WM Singapore and WM Hong Kong.
Responsible for liaison with MAS on liquidity stress tests and surveys.
Management Information System Associate (Jan 2013 to Apr 14).
Responsible for maintaining integrity of RM Performance Reports, inclusive of Key Clients Group.
Overall in charge of initiative which aimed to reduce reconciliation processes by means of liaising with IT department to troubleshoot and to generate a single Control Report.
Deloitte & Touche LLP Global Financial Services Industry – Audit Senior Asssociate II [Aug ‘08 – Dec ‘11].
Audited various international financial institutions & commodities trading firms, mainly banks (e.g. Dexia Banque, Royal Bank of Canada, Cologne Reinsurance, Mitsui & Co Energy Risk Mgt, Bank of Tokyo etc.).
Was involved in the credit walkthrough and test of control in the private banking arm of Royal Bank of Canada. This includes pre-acceptance procedures like KYC, PEP, AML/CFT, Due Diligence, as well as ensuring they have monitoring controls and processes in place, e.g. STR (Suspicious Transactions Reports).
Was in involved in the acceptance of new client (Dexia Banque Internationale A Luxembourg) which includes the assessment of the client, risk-assessment to determine key areas to test during audit, planning of testing etc. Was particularly involved in testing of investing including bonds, FX, Money Markets, as well as Head Office Reporting.
Was involved in SOX (Sarbanes-Oxley Act) Audit for Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. This audit is done based on both US GAAP and J-GAAP. Walkthroughs and testing done were focused strongly on internal controls.
Was involved in audits of insurance brokerage (Marsh Singapore Pte Ltd) and reinsurance (Cologne Reinsurance). Learned various controls and terminology in the insurance industry including actuarial estimates, maintaining fiduciary accounts etc.
Gained valuable insight of internal corporate environments of banks and securities firms e.g. principal activities, compliance testing, organizational structure etc.
Learned to work as a team efficiently with different teams on different engagements and undertook certain leadership responsibilities as an Audit Senior Associate, such as audit planning, budgeting etc.
Learned to negotiate terms and conditions to fit different needs / budgets of various customers.
Events included Dinner and Dance functions for various Halls in NTU and one wedding anniversary on board a yacht.
Nanyang Technological University. Bachelor of Accountancy       [2005 – 2008].
Tampines Junior College. Distinction in General Paper and Math C    [2000 – 2002].An experienced Head of Operations, specialist in regulations and compliance of back office procedures. With over 5 years’ experience front, middle and back office covering securities and global futures products. A dual speaker with Cantonese and Putonghua as native language with excellent written and spoken English. Highly skilled in financial software including; Bloomberg and J-Trader platform and Eze OMS, Omgeo CTM/Alert. Versed in the rules and regulations with working both institutional and private clients. With Registered License of Type 1 and 2… Highly motivated, both individually and running a team. An accomplished project manager that works well under pressure.
Analyst-Middle office, Religare Capital Markets (Hong Kong) Limited.
Jan-2016-untill now Responsible for daily trade booking & confirmation for mainly APAC and US equity market; monitor price and position reconciliation, follow-up swap allocation and trade exceptions, handle all client’s inquiries. Liaise with Prime Brokers/custodian and other counterparts to resolve all trade discrepancies and settlement issues. Produce daily and ad hoc volume and commission reports; Coordinate with compliance team for client onboarding.
Officer-Middle Office, Institutional Equities   Sun Hung Kai Financial Limited.
May 2014-Nov 2015 Sit with trading floor and responsible for all daily trading matters, take CD/LOB orders, prepare confirmation, monitoring the settlement process and liaise with custodians and brokers to ensure timely settlement; coordinate with ECM team for share placement and IPO; work with compliance team on account opening to provide a smooth and efficient on-boarding services, perform customer services to clients and prepare all requested admin tasks.
Customer Services Associate/Dealer          Yue Xiu Futures Company Limited.
Oct 2010-April 2014 Responsible for account opening and KYC, answer clients’ enquiries and handle complaints, trade execution and coordinate with risk manager to ensure all trades are conducted under regulation and internal control.  Joined job rotation program as settlement officer and dealer.
MSc Professional Accounting and Corporate Governance-City University of Hong Kong (2009- 2010).
Second Class Award Scholarship in Year 2006-2007, 2007-2008 and 2008-2009.
Language skill: Proficiency in English, Native speaker of Cantonese and Putonghua.
Joined Summer Volunteer Program as a volunteer at Fr. Ray Foundation in  for one month.
Attended summer course of social psychology for one month in Hamline University Saint Paul, U.S.
Current Salary : 32K+3 months’ bonus                                          Availability: one month’s notice.More than six years of experience in corporate finance, market research and compliance/due diligence work, supporting professionals in the banking and financial industry; mainly dealt with Mergers & Acquisitions, IPOs, Valuation, and Due Diligence fields of work. Possesses wide knowledge in various industries and compliance/AML. Looking to leverage my knowledge and experience in my next career progression.
Senior Consultant, Strategy & Transformation; March 2016- Present.
Actively involved in business development activities including development of proposals and presentations for various industries including Healthcare, Consumers, Financial Services.
Developed growth and market entry strategies, and produced high quality commercial due diligence studies. Conducted strategic portfolio reviews, merger integration, and divestment services.
Seconded to a European bank for post-deal merger & acquisition of a wealth management businesses of a global bank in Singapore and Hong Kong, to perform the Legal & Compliance function of a post-merger integration. Worked alongside internal and external legal counsels, compliance, and financial crime senior executives. Role involved identifying risks and gaps, as well as thorough coordination among stakeholders.
Key member in a Private Equity carve-out project and was involved in leading and analysis of Rfps.
Key member in a Buy-side operational due diligence of a Target insurance company in Malaysia. Performed Operational Due Diligence, Human Resource Due Diligence and integration considerations and timelines.
Key member in a market entry strategy project for non-life/ general insurance sector in Vietnam. Involved in data gathering, analysis, storyboarding and creation of business model. Managed junior members in the team.
Involved in the high level organizational strategy for a global investment firm.
Key member in an emerging digital strategy for a leading payments and technology firm based in Singapore.
Prepared sell-side Information Memorandum (“IM”) and teaser for an international well-known general insurer in Thailand.
Good knowledge of policies and procedures including KYC processes and MAS Notice 626.
Heavily involved in the setting up of the Chinese desk (Go-Live in July 2015), a strategic move which reduced costs of >USD1million annually for the firm.
Worked with other business functions to actively improve internal processes and research procedures.
Subject Matter Expert in research and procedures, including the Chinese desk.
Appointed Trainer Role to be in charge of in-house training programs.
Review of due diligence reports and ensuring accuracy and quality of information.
Research, documentation and analysis of background information on prospective and existing clients from external vendors and public record databases including Worldcheck, Factiva, LexisNexis and Bridger etc for the Client On-Boarding team. Research includes: Sanctions, PEP, Negative Media and Court Records.
Properly identifying risks and escalating high risk findings (e.g. High Risk Jurisdictions and SDN/OFAC matches) to Senior Management.
Performed research on Macro and Micro levels [economy, country, industry and market level] to provide insights of Target industries and trends; Identify opportunities and potential areas of development and growth;.
Profiled target companies for acquisition and ascertained initial availability for acquisition;.
Supported clients in research of selected industries, deal transactions history, similar industry comparable and practices for valuation purposes;.
Performed financial analysis and modeling, such as ratios analysis and forecasts;.
Performed review of strategies adopted by leading players in specified sectors and development of case studies used for strategic development;.
Drafted of business overview section of the IPO prospectuses and preparation of materials requirement for public listing or fund raising;.
Conducted checks on track records, reputation and red flags to ascertain credibility of individuals and companies in Asia;.
Conducted credit reviews, directorships checks and assets tracing (Due Diligence); including uncovering source of wealth, corporate structures (both onshore & offshore);.
Good knowledge of official filings and documentations for individuals and corporates; and.
Carried out interviews with relevant government bodies, associations, senior executives in companies and organizations to gather information and insights.
Graduated 2011 with Double Majors in Psychology and Marketing Management (Distinction).
Graduated 2008 with Diploma in Chinese Studies (GPA 3.27 out of 4).
Consistent high-performer with above-average project ratings.
Main Subject Matter Expert (SME) in establishing the specialized Chinese Desk.
Involved in generation of a new operating model and projects management.
Achieved recognition in global department and featured in global newsletter; consistently a high performer.
Involved in several Independent Market Research for successful IPO listings on Singapore and Malaysia Stock Exchanges (variety of industries).
Involved in the write-up of Circulars and Announcements for listed companies on Singapore Stock Exchange.
Involved in research that led to a successful acquisition of a major player in the Malaysia’s Apparel Industry.
Proficient in databases; Factiva, Bloomberg, ThomsonOne, Osiris, Euromonitor, Lexis, etc.Bachelor of Professional Accounting & Business Administration (Double Degree)                 July 2012.
Fund Specialist – Valuation & Cash Management Team, Hong Kong Investment and Fund Operations (Formerly Client Services).
Provide daily support to Fund Manager on portfolio valuation, cash management (FX/MM dealing), client reporting, post-trade compliance, investment restriction advice, in/outflows & transaction monitoring, etc.
Perform daily NAV pricing valuation, fee calculations, preparation of Audited Financial Reports, etc.
Act as a fund financial reporting coordinator, close interaction with Legal, Tax, Middle Office, Product Development, Compliance & Finance Departments.
Work closely with Client Services team on client request (data, reporting, etc.).
Handle clients’ inquiries in areas such as data processing system.
Analyze expenses and balance sheet accounts to identify re-class issues or adjustment as needed.
Assist with preparation and coordination of the audit process.
Two-Year Special Project - UBS rental reimbursement  2013-2015.
- Provide professional support to ensure clients receive accurate reimbursement for their claims.
- Investigate rental claim issues in compliance with company's policy.
- Update clients' personal files and ensure they are aware of any changes.
Prepare timely monthly, quarterly and annual management financial reports of various companies.
Adhered to the month end close check-list to ensure all month end procedures were competed under strict time schedules.
Maintain financial security by following internal control.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.), Flex System, MAS System, IPL, DacEasy, Quick Books, Peachtree, MYOB, etc.
Able to multitask in a busy work environment, superior analytical and problem solving skills.
Work effectively within a team as well as independently with minimal supervision, strong attention to detail.
Strong Knowledge of Asset Management Products, Equity, Derivatives, ETFs.Contact No.: +852 9828 2621  E-mail: newhandvieri@gmail.com.
City University of Hong Kong: BSc Applied Physics (2nd Honor)                                      Sep 2008 - Jul 2012.
Relevant Modules: Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), C++, Data Analysis & Presentation.
International Fund Services, State Street Corporation                                                Feb 2016 - Present Senior Associate, Operations Supervisor.
Including but not limited to trade capture, position management, confirmations & settlements.
Covering various of products including Equity, Interest Rate Swap, Fixed Income products, FX, Options, Futures.
Leading project on efficiency enhancement of workflow and initial setup for new clients.
Supervising junior teammates to ensure daily tasks are done and service hedge fund client on professional manner.
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Hong Kong                                        Dec 2012 – Dec 2015.
Provide sales & trade support to America based sales, traders & clients for trade booking, settlements /confirmations enquiry - Manage the full CLS funding/ settlement cycle as well as operational support for non-CLS American,  Asia-Pacific and Middle East currency settlements (MM Loans/ Deposits, FX Spot, FX Forwards, FX Swaps, NDF’s and FX Options).
Leading the transfer project of Trade Confirmations Nightshift Operation from London to Hong Kong.
Review existing operation process and enhance the efficiency with the help but not limited to writing Microsoft Office Macro.
Leading the User Acceptance Test for BO system upgrade and development, giving advice to project team for enhancement.
Presented by Department of Physics and Materials Science, City University of Hong Kong.
Student Ambassador, General Education Courses, City University of Hong Kong                         Sep 2009 – Jul 2010.
External Vice President, Astronomy Society, City University of Hong Kong                              Jan 2009 – Dec 2009.
Chairman, Inter-class Association, Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School                              Sep 2006 – Jul 2008.
Vice-Chairman, House, Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School                                        Sep 2006 – Jul 2007.
IT skills: Calypso, Proactive Matching (Citynet), Bloomberg, Visual Basic Thomson Reuters, MTM, TRM , MS Matrix, Excel,.
I am currently working in the International Fund Services arm of State Street Corporation. My role is an operation supervisor of the team. We are working on client basis instead of product basis and thanks to this arrangement; I have a lot of exposure in tackling different kind of financial products such as Equity, FX, Swaps, Fixed Income and the related Derivatives. Being accurate and precise comes extremely important as we are providing professional services to hedge fund clients who are relatively demanding on the quality. Also, I’m trained to work under pressure in order to meet client’s needs.
Before taking my current role, I was working in the Capital Market Operation Department of Credit Agricole Corporate and.
Investment Bank (CA-CIB) as the team leader of the out-of-hour support team, supporting our Headquarter (Paris branch) & London branch. Duty of my team includes all the general back-office duties, including but not limited to Trade Confirmations and Settlements (Net / Gross), Payment drafting and processing, CLS position monitoring, I/O Swap trades booking and settlements. Also, we support our Americas Sales/Traders/Clients by taking care their enquiry and special requests. My role as a team leader is mainly verifying my teammate’s work to make sure everything has been taken care correctly and a smooth settlement without any delay on payments, leading the team when issue happen to minimize any potential lost, suggesting improvement on procedures in order to enhance team’s working efficiency.
I work from 12am to 9am every night, I am responsible, passionate about working, willing to work overtime, and not afraid of working laboriously. Besides, because of the nature of my team’s structure, I am experienced in working with colleagues who come from different locations, India, France, USA, and South America. My working abilities & attitudes are also recognized by the management & Front Office; I have broken the record of my department by getting promotion from trainee, analyst to associate in just 2 years together with special bonus recognizing my contributions to the company. And on top of that, I am entitled with a special bonus in the mid-year which is limited to 10 employees only among the global CA-CIB group and I am 1 of the 10.
Apart from working experience, I have also a fruitful personal development and willing to take any new challenges. I had been backpacking to more than 13 countries in Eastern Europe & Asia on my own for more than two months. Starting from Czech Republic, I had passed the border between Europe & Asia by Trans-Siberian Railway, making use of land transport all the way back to Hong Kong instead of taking planes. This journey has really strengthened my personal abilities in tacking problems on my own, communicating with other people and being sincere to people I have met. Also, it has shown that I never be afraid of working laboriously or independently.
Please kindly offer me the opportunity. By giving me a place to stand and I shall move the world.Data Management Associate Heading the pricing project team to review, streamline, enhance controls and reduce operational costs from existing securities pricing process.
Bank of New York Mellon  Completed Projects (as project team leader).
Established roadmap to identify and develop solutions to mitigate key risks and eliminate inefficiencies from daily BAU.
Successfully enhanced and integrated pricing files, leading to faster processing time, improved data accuracy and reduced data extraction costs.
Developed and implemented new pricing files to automate security pricing and setup. Purpose (i) increase efficiency and achieving consistent on-time price delivery. (ii) reduce manual intervention and (iii) eliminate key risks.
Currently responsible for reviewing workflows, creating system validation rules and conducting UAT on user and system interfaces for system migration.
Conducting regular data quality review and collaboration with stakeholders (Fund Accounting and Fund Compliance teams) to ensure SLAs are met, implement new client specific requirements and resolve outstanding issues.
Engaging periodically with data vendors (Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters and Interactive Data) to review vendor service, licensing, and resolve data queries and issues.
Collaborated with data vendors for client onboarding proof of concept. Participated and coordinated UAT and implementation.
Performing daily reviewer role of ensuring the accuracy and timely translation of data onto the accounting platform. Maintaining integrity of pricing information as per agreed guidelines and procedures, and ensuring deliverables meet the stipulated deadlines.
Provided training and mentoring to team members, and render assistance to Fund Accounting and Compliance teams on issues and queries.
Microsoft Excel, Words, PowerPoint Gold Certificate of Achievement in Co-Curricular Activities Bloomberg, IDC and TR Data Platforms President of Multidiscipline Division Society.
NS Scout Platoon Commander CCA Chairperson, Sports House Captain,.
Overall Assessment – Outstanding Performance Student Council EXCO.Ernst & Young LLP, Assurance Services, Senior Associate  Aug 2014 - Present.
Involved in the audit of an SGX-listed venture capital firm, and companies real estate and technology industries.
Performed financial analysis and consolidation involving merger and acquisition activities.
Performed valuation testing using DCF and other financial models.
Led a team of 6 members, liaised with Partners, key management of clients, and mentored new staff  Pioneered the incorporation of Data Analytics into audit procedures to propose business improvements Currently a candidate of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Program.
Developed a strategic plan for the company to break into the Asia-Pacific market while addressing key financial and environmental issues.
Skills: Microsoft Office Excel, Word, PowerPoint; Bloomberg; SAP.
Interests: Geography, marathons, kickboxing, videography.
Worked closely with regional managers and sales team for sales forecasting.
Assisted on business controlling reports, budgeting, sales incentive payouts.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University.
Improved the quality of student life through organizing corporate and school events.
Led the committee in the planning and implementation of new initiative – NBS One Corner.
Worked closely with affiliated clubs for budgeting and resource allocation.
Spearheaded the launch of new NBS merchandise and successfully reestablished school identity.
Improved participation rate of annual school events through reinventing publicity efforts.Senior Associate – M&A Financial Due Diligence       Aug 2016 - Jun 2017.
Clients worked include Private Equity firms and corporate investors. Advised on proposed investments in both listed companies and private firms across a wide range of industries.  Financial due diligence scope.
Analysing target company business drivers and underlying economics of the business.
Performing financial analysis and evaluate quality of earnings and net assets of company.
Quantifying normalised net working capital for deal consideration.
Examine and provide a view on operational and financial trends of acquisition targets  Identifying key risk factors and forecasting investment viability.
Analyse and comment on assumptions applicable to financial projections.
Business Restructuring Services (3 months secondment)     Mar 2017 – May 2017.
Providing financial and business restructuring advisory services to one of the largest offshore support provider for the oil and gas industry which is listed on Singapore stock exchange.
Preparing financial models for group and key operating segments.
Explore various restructuring options and presentation to bank lenders and creditors in advising sustainable business model and debt level.
Identifying recent threats and business developments and working closely with multiple stakeholders such as US counsels and legal advisors for filing of scheme and Chapter 11.
Representative restructuring clients include Ezra Holdings Ltd, Emas Offshore Ltd and Nam Cheong Ltd.
Statutory audit and team-in-charge role for multiple public listed and local companies. Audit client businesses ranging various industries including real estate, construction, offshore & marine, pharmaceutical, mining, manufacturing & consumer products, investment funds, etc.
Vast cross-border work through liaising with component auditors and management from Germany, China, Japan, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Key representative audit clients include Mapletree Investments, Robert Bosch (SEA), Bayer (SEA), Sakari Resources Ltd, Swissco, Sime Darby Property, IGB Corporation, etc.
Identify, communicate and providing solutions on internal controls weaknesses, auditing and accounting matters to management and engagement leaders.
Preparing multiple audit proposals and transition plans for multinational corporations in Singapore such as Keppel and Singapore Airlines, with recent achievement in winning the audit for the Keppel Group.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Singapore         PricewaterhouseCoopers, Singapore.
Email: debra.ann.ker@sg.pwc.com         Email: wei.liang.chee@sg.pwc.com.
Monash University Business and Economics Students’ Society – Committee.
Event Coordinator for a talk - Tips On The Job Interview Process.
Shares Trading, Reading Latest Business and Financial News.Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons), Major in Finance, Minor in Economics.
2017 01/23 - Present    NAV Supervisor (State Street Corporation - Alternative Investment Solutions, Hedge Funds).
Responsible for client relationship and serve as key point of contact on these accounts.
Review NAVs and reconciliations prepared by offshore partners.
Deliver timely and accurate deliverables to clients within agreed deadlines.
Maintain constant communications with offshore partners, clients and prime brokers to resolve issues.
2015 01/12 - 2017 01/20 Client Unit Group Supervisor (Credit Agricole Group - CACEIS investor services).
Supervise a team to perform daily valuation of the funds’ NAV.
Monitor daily fund valuation reports, equivalent to financial positions and performance reports.
Prepare valuation reports for the funds in-charge (standalone, cloning structure and hedge funds).
Analyze the P&L of financial products such as equities, bonds, futures, options, CDX, FX forwards.
Process corporate actions to reconcile cash accounts and positions.   Set-up of new funds.
2012 10/15 - 2015 01/12  Business Analyst (KCMG Composite International Limited).
2012 08/13 - 09/24      Financial Services Trainee (Training Program - Hang Seng Bank).
2011 07/01 - 08/31     Financial Consultant (Internship Program - Prudential Assurance Company Limited).
2012               Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries (HKSI) Paper 1 (Exemption 7,8).
2011               Finance Advisers’ International Qualification (FAIQ).
2011               Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying Examination (IIQE) Paper 1,2,3,5.
Passionate about Finance: Studying Finance in University; taking professional exams such as CFA, FRM, HKSI; personal trading in stock; reading financial news, etc.
Highly self-motivated: Being energetic and ambitious to achieve targets.
Excellent interpersonal communication skill: Working with teammates to process various corporate actions correctly and to quickly spot / resolve the error made in the.
Good team player: Being the supervisor in daily NAV valuation process and coordinating with colleagues to solve problems and achieve objectives.
Strong willingness to learn and learning fast: Good adaptability.
Able to work under pressure: Strong determination to overcome challenges.150 Kennedy Road Flat 5-04 Floor 5 Wan Chai, Hong Kong | +852 6117 3107 | ImbriacoSteven@gmail.com.
Results orientated senior operations professional who employs strong middle office experience to lead high performing teams to deliver efficient and consistent business outcomes.
Extensive experience in the bank loan life cycle with a deep understanding of loan agency services including debt and loan syndication, trading, commercial servicing, lending policies, documentation, and letters of credit.
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to build and manage collaborative relationships with clients, front office teams, senior management, colleagues, and staff.
Organised, diligent, and self-directed with the ability to multi-task and work under pressure in a fast paced environment.
Excellent analytical and reasoning abilities, paired with a strong attention to detail and high accuracy.
Experienced in exercising strong banking procedures and governance to identify and mitigate organisational risk.
Strong leadership and mentoring skills, adept at building and managing cohesive and high performing teams.
Extensive technology and systems experience with knowledge in Wall Street Office Administrator/ Agent/ Reporting (WSO), VPM (Visual Portfolio Manager), RECON, Markit FACS, WSO Data/ Integration Tool, Clear Par, Fortress One (Internal Wire Processing System), Bloomberg, Loan IQ, AFS Level III, Infolease, Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook.
Successfully received certification in Prince 2 Foundation, ITIL Foundation and satisfied all requirements of the BCS to receive a Foundation Certificate in Business Analysis.
2017 – 2017 Back to Business Delegate (Ten Week Program) | FDM Group, Hong Kong.
2009 – 2015 Senior Operations Associate | Fortress Investment Group, New York.
2007 – 2009 Team Leader, Illiquid Operations | DB ZWIRN & CO, New York.
2006 – 2007 Team Leader, Assistant Vice President Global Banking Markets | RBS, New York.
2002 – 2004 Fee and Letter of Credit Commissions Reconciliation Specialist | RBS, New York.
1999 – 2001 Production Control Supervisor | Summit Bank, Hackensack, New Jersey.
1997 – 1999 Project Associate | Summit Bank, Hackensack, New Jersey.
1996 – 1997 Commercial Loan Business Support Staff | Summit Bank, Hackensack, New Jersey.
1994 – 1996 Commercial Loan Data Processor | Summit Bank, Hackensack, New Jersey.
1993 – 1994 Bank Teller | Summit Bank, Hackensack, New Jersey.
Senior Operations Associate | Fortress Investment Group, New York    2009 - 2015.
Named by Institutional Investor as the 2016 Hybrid Hedge Fund Manager of the Year, Fortress Investment Group is an internationally leading, highly diversified global investment management firm with over 1,600 institutional and private clients worldwide and US$70.6bn under management. This role was responsible for managing a diverse portfolio of public bank debt, private debt, construction loans, private equity, distressed debt, warrants, intercompany financing, trade claims, FX Forwards, and Life Settlements. The portfolio included single assets that exceeded US$250m.
Worked collaboratively with portfolio managers, traders, fund accountants and legal counsel to oversee the operational process of funding trades in public securities, from matching through to settlement.
Responsible for a $2.7billion portfolio, facing a panel of over 90 different counterparties.
Administered the private loans and financing assets including invoicing, cash management, and payments.
Provided issue resolution with portfolio managers, fund administrators, accounting, and audit; providing exceptional internal client servicing by averaging a 24-48 hour resolution time depending on complexity.
Reviewed legal documentation and ensured cash flows and the structure of assets were accurately recorded in the Wall Street Office and internal Fortress Entity Database.
Managed daily operational responsibilities during the liquidation of former DB Zwirn funds including releasing of collateral, repatriation of cash to clients and other fund related projects. The liquidation of the VRF began in June 2009 when the AUM was $2 billion with an estimated completion of end 2017. As at March 2015 the AUM was $213 million.
Performed daily cash reconciliations and escalated any breaks for more than 100 cash accounts to ensure portfolio managers, accounting teams, and Treasury received accurate and timely cash flow projections.
Processed up to 600 incoming capital call remittances, which required manual reconciliation to determine the source of funds and the investor account number to ensure internal compliance requirements were achieved.
Performed loan reconciliations on all CLOs held, to ensure accurate and timely investor and management reporting.
Resolved loan reconciliation breaks within 24 hours to minimise risk of breaching loan covenants and mandates.
Team Leader, Illiquid Operations | DB ZWIRN & CO, New York    2007 - 2009.
Managing US$12 billion in assets and employing 275 people in 15 global offices, D.B. Zwirn & Co., was an investment company that specialised in direct lending to small and medium-sized companies. This role was responsible for managing a team of five Loan Portfolio Administrators who were performed daily loan servicing and maintenance of the corporate loan portfolio.
Managed global loan positions across a number of complex funds and managed accounts. The deal structures typically included SPV’s and disregarded entities for complex fund flows which often required high-touch servicing including manual bookings, reconciliations, and ad-hoc workarounds based on each unique deal structure.
Reviewed all loan documentation prior to booking loans, equity, warrants, and other liabilities into the system to ensure accuracy and remedied any incorrect information.
Approved daily payments calculated and prepared by the corporate loan team.
Successfully trained new staff members on loan products and procedures.
Interacted with the CLO trustee banks and internal departments to ensure CLO mandate compliance.
Liaised with legal and accounting departments to ensure all legal documentation and tax matters were finalized prior to funding.
Collaborated with the Treasury team to ensure all bank accounts were properly funded for new deal closings.
Team Leader, Assistant Vice President Global Banking Markets | RBS, New York   2006 - 2007.
With a physical presence in all major business markets and financial hubs, RBS delivers market-leading services in debt financing, risk management and transaction services. This role was responsible for managing a team of five to close and administer agency loans (with up to 600 lenders), bilateral and commercial aviation loans along with primary and secondary loan trading settlements.
Worked closely with banking operations middle office, finance, and treasury teams to ensure the timely and accurate booking of loan events and to ensure the Treasury department appropriately funded the loan book.
Liaised with compliance, legal, risk, and trading to resolve potential valuation discrepancies caused by disparate valuation models and model input assumptions.
Reviewed and approved work performed by the agency loan administrator including: rollovers, rate sets, borrowings, fee payments, and generation of notices to the bank group and borrower which included letter of credit updates.
Reviewed funding memos, assignment agreements and approved loan trade settlements for primary syndication and secondary loan trading.
Issued event and rate notifications to investors in syndicated transactions.
Responded to investor queries and ensured loans were managed within the legal terms of the agency agreements.
Developed a strong working relationship with the commercial aviation division of RBS, managed the daily activity of this loan portfolio and delivered time sensitive closings for commercial aircraft.
Coordinated deal closings with front office, credit administration and cash management.
Collaborated with various business units to ensure loans and leases were recorded accurately in the system.
Processed loan borrowings, lease funding, Libor rollovers, customer invoicing, lease terminations and application of payments.
1996 Bachelor of Science, Business Management | Saint Peter’s University, Jersey City, NJ.An experienced and committed personnel seeking a position in an organization. Strengths include great sensitivity on analytical review, mathematical figure, critical thinking, as well as good team player; willingness to strive hard to achieve goal set; processing intense desire to learn in all undertakings which are engaged. I am a dedicated, friendly, self-motivated and self-discipline person with an excellence communication and interpersonal skills.
2014 -2016  PKF Singapore Recreational Club Chairman 2011  KPMG Malaysia Staff Welfare Club Treasurer 2008   Perak State Referee in Non-Chinese Basketball League Championship.
Jun 2013 -  PKF - CAP LLP (Financial Advisory Department) | Singapore.
Present  Experienced Associate / Senior Associate level 2(2nd year)/Supervisor.
Team Senior / Leader on a variety of Insolvency + Restructuring (40%), Litigation Support (45%) and Forensic Accounting Investigations (15%).
Portfolio of clients up to $100m in assets includes Oil & Gas Company, Property Management, Financial Services and Construction.
Selected projects in connection with insolvency/ restructuring and forensic/ litigation expert type engagements:.
Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Plaintiff, in connection with Suit No. 736 of 2012 / X to provide expert evidence for the plaintiffs’ claim for account for profits made and / or benefits received by Defendant, as a result of an act or conduct contrary to obligation under the undated Trust Deed entered between the Plaintiffs and Defendants.
Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Respondent, for a commercial litigation held under the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC), to provide expert evidence for a dispute arising from the Share Sales and Purchases Agreement (SSPA) entered between the Claimant and the.
Respondent, where the parties to the SSPA are in the Oil and Gas Industry.
Assisting Court Expert, to provide expert evidence and assisting the Court in considering the need for modification to the Scheme of Arrangement concerning the distribution of assets in specie.
Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Defendant, in connection with Suit No. 783 of 2012/L to provide expert evidence for the plaintiffs’ claim for account for profits made and/ or benefits received by Defendant, as a result of misappropriation of funds.
Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Defendant in a commercial litigation concerning the allegation of professional negligence.
Assisting Independent Expert appointed by Respondent (from Oil and Gas Industry) in SIAC Arbitration No. 232of 2013, a commercial arbitration held under the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) rules, involving a post-acquisition dispute arising from alleged breach of accounting warranty under the Share Sales and Purchases Agreement entered between parties.
Acting as a Senior role in assisting the Liquidator in cash book management, liaise and communicate with various parties (Lawyers, suppliers, shareholders, customers and etc.) for various companies in Liquidation.
Provide guidance to team member in day-to-day operations for various companies in Liquidation.
Engagement audit team member for a subsidiary company of a public listed company.
Engagement team member for the consolidation team covering public listed companies.
Has relevant knowledge relating to operation of a computer system including software installation, formatting and fix minor hardware and software errors.
Obtained formal education and have gained years of experience in using Microsoft word, Microsoft excel*, Microsoft power point and Auto CAD.
*Advanced Excel skills (Complex Vlookups, Pivots, Financial Modelling, basic Macros).
Experienced leader and organizer for Motivation camp, Training Camp and various events.
Ability to communicate, tolerance, and motivate team members to work as a team.
Ability to provide clear guidance to team members in projects.
Always have a structured planning in carry out the specific scope of work for every engagement especially Litigation related engagement.
Practical Experience in carry out the 5 stages problem solving skills:.
Applying the principle/principle on how to solve the Issues,.
Perform sensitivity analytical review to identify the possible loophole, if any; and (v)  Provide recommendations in all aspects to superior for decision making.
Fluent in English, Malay and Chinese in speaking, reading and writing.
Have a fair command of Cantonese and Hokkien in terms of speaking and understanding.
Designation   : Manager, Audit M, KPMG Petaling Jaya (Currently worked as Manager in            KPMG Singapore).
Penilaian Menengah Rendah (PMR), (GCSEs equivalent) 6As 2Bs (in top 5% of year).
SijilPelajaran Malaysia (SPM), (A-levels equivalent) 10As 1B (in top 5% of year).
Advance Diploma in Commerce (equivalent to degree partnered with ACCA).
Assisting Financial Expert appointed by a Company, to perform forensic investigation into the books and records of the Company to identify the possible misappropriation of funds by Company’s Directors.
Assisting Project Director in performing Financial Modelling audit in connection with the electric transmission project for a Listed Company in India.
• Engagement Team Member/Senior for private limited company from various industries.Administration of the Triparty collateral management process including the handling of trade notifications/closures and all related collateral life cycle actions.
Administration of the trade reconciliation and customer report handling process (including exceptions and fails handling, custody actions related to the collateral management process).
Setup and administration of repo and lending contracts and participants.
Administration of the lending process including timely input and settlement of trades.
Collection of income and corporate actions information and manufacturing instructions and payment.
Handling of customer calls and queries related to the Triparty Collateral Management services and lending services.
Tracking of service issues and contribution to the continuous improvement of current processes.
Administration of static and dynamic data related to the account setups and contractual agreements.
Managing operationally the Liquidity Hub Go service for the Australia market (ASX).
Support any adhoc BAU testing, system enhancements related to the Collateral Management & lending services.
Administration of the Triparty collateral management process including the handling of trade notifications/closures and all related collateral life cycle actions.
Administration of the trade reconciliation and customer report handling process (including exceptions and fails handling, custody actions related to the collateral management process).
Setup and administration of repo and lending contracts and participants.
Administration of the lending process including timely input and settlement of trades.
Collection of income and corporate actions information and manufacturing instructions and payment.
Handling of customer calls and queries related to the Triparty Collateral Management services and lending services.
Tracking of service issues and contribution to the continuous improvement of current processes.
Administration of static and dynamic data related to the account setups and contractual agreements.
Managing operationally the Liquidity Hub Go service for the Australia market (ASX).
Support any adhoc BAU testing, system enhancements related to the Collateral Management & lending services.
Daily Breaks Reporting to the Investment Manager – Overseeing the breaks resolution process of other functional teams.
Handle any ad-hoc enquiries on cash management from the client.
Liaising with reconciliation team and custodian banks on any discrepancies.
Prepare Adhoc FXs to fund the accounts on Corporate Action Events.
Daily processing of Inflow and Outflows for Japanese Accounts.
Review, monitor and report structured credit transactions.
Respond to credit products such as margin and CFD shortfall collaterals.
Regular interaction with the trade representatives to discuss credit transactions.
Execution of marketing activities such as roadshows, sponsorships and any marketing related events.
Assisted marketing manager in copywriting of marketing articles.
Liaising with external agencies in the discussion of pre-execution of marketing activities.
Bachelor of science in Business (University of London, external).
Competent in using Microsoft word, excel, office, PowerPoint, macro, VBA, Outlook, SPSS, Lotus Notes, AS400, PROD, SAP.
Interests: Tennis, Squash, Teaching piano and doing Community Service for self-enrichment.
Competent in using Microsoft word, excel, office, PowerPoint, macro, VBA, Outlook, SPSS, Lotus Notes, AS400, PROD, SAP.
Interests: Tennis, Squash, Teaching piano and doing Community Service for self-enrichment.ISCA Chartered Accountant (previously known as CPA Singapore)   Aug 2016.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  Aug 2010 – Jul 2013.
Deloitte & Touché LLP (Audit Senior Year 2)         Aug 2013 – Present.
Lead and guided team members on audit engagements and supported managers in managing audit timeline.
Perform financial statement audit and agreed-upon procedures covering planning, fieldwork, reporting and concluding procedures.
Responsible for designing and conducting audit testing for balance sheet and income statement items.
Review of elimination and adjusting entries for group consolidated accounts.
Identify risk areas in clients’ business processes and assessed clients’ internal controls procedures on various business cycles.
Perform research to resolve audit and accounting technical issues that arose in the course of audit engagements.
Build rapport and interact with clients’ management level executives.
Assisted with client’s preparation of group and entity level financial statements.
Assisted with preparation of presentation slides for findings to be communicated to audit committee.
Keppel Corporation Limited: A holding company of numerous subsidiaries that specializes in marine, property and infrastructure businesses, listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange.
Noel Gifts International Limited: Singapore’s leading hampers, flowers and gifts company, listed on Singapore Stock Exchange.
Responsible for performing audit testing, including test of details and analytical reviews.
Supported seniors on yearly stock count and assisted with preparation of financial statements.
Nique Ardeur Boutique Shop, Sales Assistant         Jun 2010 – Aug 2010.
Achieved highest sales record, earning 5 times of daily sales.
Trained in many aspects of the shop’s operations including promoting, cashiering and closing Singapore Management University, Administrative Executive    Dec 2009 – Jun 2010.
Ensured smooth operation of the MSc in Applied Finance programme.
Coordinated student’s graduation night, liaising with event companies.
NTU Redcross Youth Chapter, CIP committee & CNY events committee  Aug 2011 – Aug 2012.
Monthly visits to the Redcross Home For Disabled (RCHD) to interact with the residents.
Successfully organized a Chinese New Year Event at RCHD for 300 people.
Improved service orientation ability during fund raising events.
Lead a team of 6 members in lesson preparation and teaching of pre-school children basic English.
Nanyang Business School Service Learning Club        Feb 2011- Aug 2011.
Planned and executed an art exhibition to raise awareness for the mentally disabled.
Successfully liaised with 2 external vendors for venue sponsorship.
Lead and bonded a group of 30 new students during orientation    Jan 2009.
Assigned the vice-president role for a major event ‘Tourism Fiesta’.
Awarded the Leo Club Excellence Award for outstanding CIP contributions.
Worked closely with Bethesda Church in organizing festive events for 30 disabled elderly.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
 Travelling to different countries to gain insights of different cultures  Nature-infused activities.Email: ktang@deloitte.com, kevintangsengwang@gmail.com Contact: +65 98155245 Education:.
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore   Aug 2010 - Dec 2013.
Audit Accelerated Career Programme Associate (Fast-track to audit senior)  Feb 2013 - May 2013   Specialise in Financial Services Industry.
Audited financial institutions and also commodities traders.
Conduct first pass checks on new directors   Perform statutory review of director’s minutes.
Perform test of controls on Trade cycle, finance operations and financial reporting cycles.
Cast and review financial statements to ensure accurate representation.
Assisted in compliance review and preparing MAS compliance external training slides.
Achieved top 10% in performance with outstanding conduct   Received Commander’s commendations for good arrests made.
Performed ground patrols along with desk duties throughout service.
Volunteer for firm initiatives such as Impact day, Deloitte and Touche LLP  2014, 2015.
Represent department in Inter-department games for various sports,   2013, 2014, 2015.
AIESEC community development internship   Dec 2011 - Jan 2012.
Plan nutrition meals for the local communities Skills and Interests:.
Proficient in Microsoft office tools, Audit system 2 (AS2), Engagement Management System (EMS)   Currently passed CPA Singapore certification.
Resource allocation and budgeting for the audit for the year.
Perform analytical procedures and review to detect unusual financial statement relationships.
Perform business process walkthroughs on treasury, lending and financial reporting cycles.
Perform credit review on loans, review reasonableness of valuations of investments.
Perform compliance review and identify gaps with MAS guidelines.
Guide and review work of associates to ensure consistency of audit work.
Review financial statement and reports to ensure they are in accordance to SFRS.
Resource allocation and budgeting for the audit for the year.
Perform Global Trader Programme (GTP) review for tax purposes.
Perform walkthroughs on risk management, trade, finance operations and reporting cycle.
Perform test of operating effectiveness and assess weaknesses in internal controls (JSOX).
Guide and review work of associates to ensure consistency of audit work.
Draft technical memos on Financial reporting standards and its treatment.
Review financial statements and disclosures to ensure they are in accordance to SFRS.
 Reviewed compliance procedure for LMFC (licensed fund management companies).
Identify gaps between inspectee's policies and MAS's guidelines for AML (MAS 626).
Draft report to MAS on deficiencies and lapses in compliance procedure.
Identify gaps in customers AML procedures and provide solutions.
Conduct checks on customers to ensure accurate classification as PEP or non-PEP.
Research and provide report on IFRS accounting treatment for financial instruments.
Prepare for Global meeting presentation (with DT offices worldwide).One of the 35 students invited to the UWA-CPA Business School Luncheon due to outstanding results.
Portfolio includes life insurance companies, banks and brokerage firms.
Designed audit procedures to identify, evaluate and understand key business, audit and fraud risks.
Constructed flow charts and walkthrough documentation over key business cycles (eg, claims, finance close and trade finance).
Ensured compliance with the Insurance Act, Securities and Futures Act (“SFA”) and FRS.
Prepared reports of key audit findings and recommendations for internal controls and business practice improvements to clients.
Performed analytical reviews of year-end financials and assessment of fluctuation between current and prior period balances.
Presented professional judgement in the compliance and suitability of accounting policies and documentation.
Evaluated the effectiveness of internal control policies concerning the preparation of financial statements and Risk Based Capital Forms.
Compiled reports on Financial Treasury Centres for a business seminar.
Developed the Project Management Standard Operating Policies and Processes (Quality and Performance Management, Project Planning, Project Administration and Financial Management).
Produced process maps to optimize business process efficiency for supply chain and finance cycles.
Constructed a 30 year sinking fund financial analysis for a public housing government agency using an Excel-based model.
Assisted internal services and departments in consolidating information from the electronic systems.
Handled financial cases regarding consumer debt instruments such as loans and debit/credit cards.
Analysed critical information given in a highly efficient manner, in a limited time frame, keeping up with customers’ expectations.
Completed modules - Financial Accounting & Reporting (FIN), Audit & Assurance (AAA), Management Accounting & Applied Finance (MAAF), Taxation (TAX).
Expected completion of remaining modules and conversion to full member of CAANZ- Sep 2017.
Involved in a firm-wide project to brainstorm and improve the existing auditing pitfalls and provided recommendations to promote effectiveness and efficiency of the audit process.
Fluent in both written and spoken English & Mandarin Chinese.Home Phone: 2404 2468      Mobile: 6490 3819   E-mail: faisonhk@yahoo.com.hk HKID: Z178086(8)    Sex: Female      Date of Birth: 14 July 1982.
Acting Manager-In-Charge (MICs) of Operational Control and Review on Core   Functions set out by SFC.
Acting an Approved Person to liaise with SFC for all products related.
Checking/ prepare daily valuation reports for RQFII, private fund, discretionary clients and  reconcile the NAV compare with Trustee valuation reports.
Liaise with external and internal parties such as Custody, Trustee, External Broker, Bank and Internal related departments for valuation, trade settlement, corporate action issue etc.
Decision making of choosing Custody/Trustee/Fund administration for new product setup.
Prepare daily valuation reports for RQFII, Mutual fund, private fund and discretionary clients.
Trade matching thru Omgeo CTM and upload trades into Portia System   Handling subscription and redemption order.   Handle broker account opening.
Handle External and Internal Fund Subscription and account opening with Compliance and Company Secretariat.
Liaise with Custody, Trustee, External Broker, Bank and Internal related departments.
Check the broker’s trade confirmation with the dealing report if there is any discrepancy.
Trade settlement both Bonds (RQFII) and Equity   Checking on Corporate Action.
Involve in year-end audit financial report   Involve in fund setup / new fund launch.
07/2008 –   AXA China Region Insurance Company Limited, HONG KONG.
Support the daily fund valuation process: provide accurate and timely information to fund houses/ fund managers; handle related cash flows properly; ensure daily valuation and reports are on time and with accuracy.
Assist in supervising a subordinate who prepares daily fund valuation and management reports.
Handle daily trade orders for fund  subscription and redemption.
03/2006 –   Bank of Consortium Trust Company Limited, HONG KONG.
1. Full-time Senior Associate – Fund Administration (from January 2008 to July 2008) 2. Full-time Fund Administrator (from October 2006 to December 2007).
Maintain a high degree of accuracy and consistency in preparation of daily reporting and ensure that the pricing/valuation process adhered to controls and procedures.
Perform daily/weekly/monthly bank reconciliation, scheme reconciliation and custodian reconciliation on timely manner.
Prepare accounting entries and fee schedules for schemes and funds.
Prepare the valuation report and ensure that all transactions are correctly updated in PORTIA and calculate the net asset value per unit for all constituent funds accurately and timely.
Review the investment portfolios and complete the investment compliance checklist for all funds.
Advise supervisors on material issues and/or unresolved issues relating to the portfolio funds under his/her administration.
Assist supervisors in preparing of statutory reports/returns.
3. Full-time Scheme Administrator (from March 2006 to October 2006).
Change of investment mandate, fund switching and fund re-balancing.
Filing and responsible for document retrieval from warehouse.
Ensure strict compliance with legislative requirements and control procedures.
02/2006  Bachelor of Commerce (Major in Finance), Deakin University, Melbourne, Australia.
06/2004  Diploma of Commerce, Melbourne Institute of Business and Technology, Australia.
06/2002  Foundation Studies Programme Certificate, Taylors College, Australia.
Good PC Skills in MS Word with typing speed at about 40 wpm (English).
Good knowledge of office applications – Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Good knowledge of basic information technology and use of internet.
Strong deductive reasoning and problem-solving capabilities.
Swimming,  Badminton, Tennis, Bowling, Reading, Listening to Music and Songs, Watching Movies & TV Programmes, Information Searching.
Fund Administration Department Bank of Consortium Trust Co. Ltd.
Deakin University, Australia.【Bachelor of Commerce - Major in Finance】.
Melbourne Institute of Business and Technology (MIBT)【 Diploma of Commerce】.
Taylors College, Melbourne, Australia. (Foundation Course Programme).
Taylors College, Melbourne, Australia. [A high school preparation course].Chris has around 4 to 5 years’ operation experiences in asset management. Now, he works for a Hedge Fund in CLC Asset Management. Meanwhile, he required to handle entire operation by himself, which include Fund Setup, deal with legal documents, tax problem and fund operation with lawyers, audit, and fund administrator. In 2014, he joined HuaAn Asset Management which focuses on the fund operations, fund accounting and investment operations of stocks, fixed income and derivatives products. In 2012, after graduated he joined BOCI Prudential, where he had hands-on experience on Fund Transfer Agent.
Handle the whole operation of Cayman (SPC structure) fund setup and liaise with all parties including lawyers, auditors, fund administrators, banks and custodians.
Liaise with portfolio manager, lawyer and fund administrator to develop fund structure to meet the client requirement (eg. Fixed income property fund with protraction).
Manage the entire operational and administration functions (NAV calculation, trade execution, fund dealing, account opening, KYC, AML).
Build up an internal fund account and fund dealing system through Excel VBA.
Ensure the asset management firm and the fund compliance with the relative codes, laws and regulations.
Study and research macroeconomic data and build up a sample data base for quantitative analysis.
Study and discuss with portfolio manager to modify the investment strategies.
Back test on the trading ideas, calculate the winning probabilities of the strategies.
Engaged in daily operations related to RQFII Bond Fund, Segregated account and Company Proprietary Investment which include stocks and fixed income products.
Executed trades and follow-up on the settlement flow by liaising with brokers and custodian banks.
Handle on fund accounts, investment operations, corporate actions, cash flow and special requests.
Coordinated with counter parties and fund managers, on ad-hoc issues to ensure smooth fund operation.
Produce regular portfolio valuations (NAVs) and fund performance reports.
Officer, Clearing Support Services, Global Clearing Division.
Handled enquiries on corporate actions operation flows and CCASS clearing processes.
Worked with team leader to setup settlement workflow for “Shanghai – Hong Kong Stock Connect”.
Coordinated on account opening and made sure all regulatory such as KYC and AML procedures.
Worked with various counterparties, including custodians and nominees to conduct fund operation.
Executed operations on daily transaction such as subscriptions, redemptions, transfers and switches.
The Chinese University of Hong Kong – School of Continuing and Professional Studies.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Banking & Finance, Second Upper Class Honors.
China South City Scholarship for Outstanding Academic Performance, China South City Holdings Limited (2010).
Outstanding Academic Performance, Hang Seng Management College (2010).
Associate Degree in Business Administration (Economics), CGPA: 3.49/4.
Pre-Associate Degree in Business Administration, CGPA: 3.32/4.
Familiar with common financial platform including Bloomberg and Tradar.
Excellent time management, able to handle multiple tasks at the same time and ensure good quality.- Left Blackrock to seek a change of environment and better opportunity.
- Left Credit Suisse due to deployment of business function to India.
I wish to build a rewarding career not only just in monetary returns but also seek satisfaction from performing well in my work.
Worked at Eastspring Investments (Singapore) Limited as Front office support.
Provide day-to-day fund support services and other Front Office support to the Investment teams located in Singapore mainly in the areas of, but not limited to, Cash Management and report generation requirements. Responsibilities include working with relevant members of Front Office Support Group (FOSG) to ensure that the business-as-usual activities of the department happen smoothly.
Oversee cash liquidity of the assigned funds and ensure proper funding to avoid overdraft. This includes arranging for currency exchange to cover shortfalls, where necessary, and providing accurate and timely cash reports to the portfolio managers.
Provide accurate and timely investment reports to the portfolio managers, as required.
Support portfolio manager’s investment management process and trading activities.
Work with relevant teams such as Operations, Dealing, IT, Performance, Compliance, Risk, and Marketing teams in providing support or resolving issues pertaining to investment and trading activities, or providing fund position reports to Clients/Senior Management on regular or ad-hoc basis.
The main job scope involves trade confirmation, legal confirmation, trade settlement, following up on trade fails and non-receipts, setting up broker account for new and existing funds.
Experienced in global equities and fixed income products confirmation and settlement process.
Take care of FX, FX options, NDF and deposit confirmation. I have drafted procedures on these product confirmations.
Take care of derivatives product confirmation such CDS, IRS, TRS, listed/ OTC options and futures. I have also documented exceptions and draft procedures for derivatives confirmation.
Ensure timely confirmation and investigation of outstanding issues such as unconfirmed trades, legal confirmation breaks, unmatched settlement instructions, non payment receipts etc.
Trained in using Markit Serve, DTCC and CTM omgeo for these product confirmation.
Responsible for advising relevant teams of new security setups and ensuring mapping is completed. Manage any queries received from various internal and external parties.
Interact with other BlackRock teams and the third parties/custodians as appropriate.
Escalate all material risk items (such as large fails) and service issues to our Team Leader on a timely basis.
Involved in new fund launches such as setting up broker account for trading. This required liaising with various stakeholders such as on boarding team, legal, risk and compliance when we received KYC documents and account queries from the brokers.
Involved in restricted currency FX process confirmation setup. This involves liaising with custodians and brokers and trading desk on their requirements and drafting the process.
Involved in improving STP confirmation. I identified trades which are not STP, investigate the root causes, implement the solution and monitor the results.
Involved in process migration from legacy system to existing system. I have to identify possible gaps and implement solutions during the migration process.
Involved in testing of new tools for confirmation monitoring. I have to provide feedback on new tools used for trade confirmation.
Monitor, investigate & resolve unmatched trades confirmed via swift through the in-house confirmations matching system – GIMs & Smart stream.
Monitor, investigate & resolve on unmatched trades confirmed via Continuous Linked Settlement (CLS) platform.
Reconciliation of trade details against brokers’ confirmation & other hardcopy confirmations. Investigate on the discrepancies and exceptions when required.
Performing phone confirmation with external counterparties and clients.
Monitoring the status of unconfirmed trades and escalate when required.
Liaising with the Middle Office and Front Office on a regular basis on trade discrepancies.
Actively chasing of brokers for payment of all brokerage due to Credit Suisse.
Building relationships with assigned brokers to aid the timely settlement of invoices/payables by those Brokers.
Rectifying and resolving of queries with brokers as and when they arise.
Working with Front Office to resolve trade and rates queries.
Liaising with the relevant Trade Capture, Docs and Static teams to resolve various queries on trades, rates and agreements.
Reconcile invoices and sending summary reports to both internal and external clients.
Using Access data base and excel for reconciliation purposes.
Assist clients with regards to their trading limits (to increase their credit limit).
Withdrawal of funds from their trading account to settle for due contracts or back to their bank account.
Achieved High Distinction in International Finance, Business Finance.
Achieved Distinction in Introductory Accounting, Managerial Accounting.
Proficient in MS Office especially in Words and Excel and Access Database.
Knowledge of MarkitServe, CDS DTCC novation, CTM omgeo, ALERT omgeo.
Become a member of the Golden Key International Honour Society in 2006 for academic excellent (Membership number: 4110523).
Achieved ECA Service Award in 1998 for serving as a committee member in the following various clubs: Student Council, Library and PE Prefect.
Participate in Youth Challenge Organisation’s Training Course in 1998, involved in fund raising events and community service.
I am fluent in written and spoken English and Mandarin. I can speak moderate Hokkien (dialect).-  Co-ordinate with auditors for special reports, such as UK Reporting Regime for UK unitholders and Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC) for US unitholders.
Keep full contact addresses and contact phone numbers of the underlying clients.
Monitor the service progress of custodian in answering to subscriptions, redemptions, inquires and other requests.
Help the custodian to contact unitholders which ensure quality services is maintained at all time.
Keep full records of daily trade orders given to brokers for all accounts in the computer system, and track records of order execution progress by brokers.
Keep full records of correspondence sent by the president and his partner to clients and potential clients.
Assist the president to ensure relevant colleagues (in compliance area) to conform to the US SEC registration requirements.
Assist the president to fill in the Due Diligence Questionnaire and Risk Management.
20 Nov 2007 Institute of Financial Accountants, UK      Fellow Member, FFA.
01 Apr 2015 Institute of Public Accountants, Australia      Fellow Member, FIPA.
27 Apr 1999 Hong Kong Securities & Investment Institute, HK   Fellow Member.
Limited Partnership Agreements, Investment Management Agreements,  Administrative Agreement, etc.
Contact fund’s legal advisors/custodians/fund administrators/auditors/bankers for the.
set-up of offshore Funds; review fund documents and launching.
Review account opening documents for discretionary/non-discretionary clients Review KYC and AML.
Reconcile cash and holdings with fund administrator’s and custodian’s reports.
Contact auditor, fund administrators for interim and annual audit.
Handle FATCA registration for Funds and file annual return to CIMA.
GSI Management Ltd (fund management, research and administration).
Manager-Fund accounting and administration; Client services  (unit trusts; hedge funds; L/S funds and institutional funds).
Monitor of cash and stock position for funds; corporate events for funds on daily and produce portfolio valuations.
Issuance instructions of foreign exchange deals; trade settlements and payments; fees payments and corporate events to custodians.
Monitor security trade orders given to brokers and matching trades done to orders.
Resolve trade settlement problems with custodians and  brokers.
Review valuations and other reconciliation reports done by subordinates.
Check interim and annual financial statements done by custodians.
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Ltd-HSBC Securities Services Ltd (formerly named: Bank of Bermuda HK Ltd).
Senior Fund Accountant (Staff Officer) - Alternative Fund Services  (traditional funds; mutual funds; unit trusts and hedge funds).
Prepare valuation for hedge funds, fund of funds and institutional funds.
Carry out various operational/administrative work incidentals to the valuation and administration for clients.
Supervisor of Client Servicing Section (unit trusts; mutual funds; pension and traditional.
Supervisor of Client Servicing Section (unit trusts; mutual funds; pension and traditional.
- Review valuations and financial reports prepared by subordinates.
- Review valuations and financial reports prepared by subordinates.
(pension funds; mutual funds; unit trusts and traditional funds).
(pension funds; mutual funds; unit trusts and traditional funds).
- Prepare annual accounts and monthly portfolio valuation for Independent Scheme and.
- Prepare annual accounts and monthly portfolio valuation for Independent Scheme and.
- Calculate the terminated benefits to resigned and retired Provident Fund members.
- Calculate the terminated benefits to resigned and retired Provident Fund members.
Book keeping for clients and prepare financial reports for audit purpose.
Book keeping for clients and prepare financial reports for audit purpose.
Licensing Examination for Securities & Futures Intermediaries (LE).
31 Jul 2014     Paper 1-Foundamentals of Securities & Futures Regulation.
29 Jun 2000    Distance Learning Certificate Programme on Foreign exchange & Financial Markets.
3 Nov 98-24 Aug 99 Investment Analysis & Portfolio Management.
Licensing Examination for Securities & Futures Intermediaries (LE).
31 Jul 2014     Paper 1-Foundamentals of Securities & Futures Regulation.
29 Jun 2000    Distance Learning Certificate Programme on Foreign exchange & Financial Markets.
3 Nov 98-24 Aug 99 Investment Analysis & Portfolio Management.
HKU-School of Professional & Continuing Education & HK Society of Accountants:.A team player with good communication and interpersonal skills.
Experience in credit risk management, financial analysis and assurance services.
Familiar with the corporate banking, trade finance, asset management & brokerage industries.
November 2016 Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.
December 2010 Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.
To February 2013 • Awarded Singapore Prizewinner (2nd place) for Financial.
Portfolio consists of mainly banks, brokerage house, asset managers and commodity trading firm.
Corporate lending decisions and credit risk management processesfor trade finance & working capital loans.
Credit analysis (Analyzing financial statements, valuation reports,cash flow projections, forecasts, site reports, collateral, single obligor exposure review).
Analysis of revenue, profit margin and working capital using trend,financial and non-financial ratios.
Audit & review of derivative brokerage pre-trade & post-trade riskmonitoring framework & processes.
Review of bank’s counterparty credit risk management forderivatives products.
Review of Bank’s asset liabilities management framework,including market risk, funding gaps, stress testing and exposure monitoring.
Validation of commodity prices, shipping documents, IDSA andofftake agreement.
Identify gaps for process improvements and recommend controls tomitigate risks.
Assessing client’s governance framework, risk management controlsand their enterprise risk management model - Proficient with financial reporting standards.
Identification of key processes, risks and drivers for audit planning.
Held meetings with management on controls weaknesses andimprovement recommendations.
Project management and manage stakeholder’s expectation.
Coordinate marketing events, handling sales queries and support debt collection.
Institute Of Chemical And Engineering Sciences Ltd. (A-Star).
Assist in research for sustainable oil production using microbes.Leadership Skills: Proven experience as a Team Leader in Uniqlo. Having the ability to relate to others, and good communications with superiors and colleagues.
Organizational Skills: Having the ability to meet deadlines and use time wisely.
Technical Proficiency: Microsoft Office (including Word, Excel and PowerPoint), Basic Macro, Basic SAP ERP, Basic Olympic System.
Introduction to Economics, Principles of Banking and Finance, Principles of Accounting, Corporate Finance, Investment Management, Macroeconomics, Financial Intermediation.
Timely and accurate processing of FX, FX Options, CLIs, Structured Investment and FX Derivatives products.
Trade input in Olympic system for non interface and small FX trades.
Match FX Option K+ tickets against timesheet/ICAT, and follow up/escalate any missing trades or discrepancies.
Escalate any new product variations or exceptions encountered during deal processing.
Retrieve FX Option structures files for partial ABD and for knock-out event occurrence.
Partial abandon FX Option structures upon expiry or knock out in Olympic system. File records for next expiry.
Record of transaction tickets form business support team for end of day reconciliation.
Prepare timely and accurate trade confirmations and event advices to client.
Prepare SWIFT messages to counterparty for newly incepted trades and related settlement with counterparty.
Print confirmations sent by counterparty and match to respective new trades.
Consolidate signed counterparty long form confirmations, scan and return copies to counterparty.
Ensuring customers’ data are being keyed into the database promptly.
Handling all basic in-store operations at high service and productivity levels.
Providing knowledge of company’s products to customers, and being sales oriented and customer focused.
Being able to multitask, learnt to work in cash register, fitting room, and sales floor.
Maintaining the visual appearance of the store by keeping sales floor clean and managing store displays.
Assisting customers with the use of the new ATM machines, to ensure that their transactions were made correctly.
Handling customers’ feedbacks on the spot, and if required, write in to the company.
Liaising with key stakeholders from technology and operations units on metrics submission.
Collating and reviewing risk and control metrics for anomalies.♦ Specialist with extensive experience in asset management field.
♦ Adept with multi-tasking skills, working under great pressure and attention to details to achieve individual and team goals.
♦ Excellent at planning, coordinating, problem solving and timeline management for large scale projects.
♦ Passionate about my work and strong attention to market trends and industry news.
Led a group of fund accountants / administrators by communicating the management expectation,  reviewing their deliverables and holding service conference call.
Reviewed industry specific reports or tailor-made reports periodically and discussed the performance with Chief Operating Officer before delivering to institutional investors.
Communicated with investment team on latest development of private projects, monitored project performance and presented track records to internal stakeholder (e.g. senior management & risk team) and external investors.
Monitored the exposure of complex trading strategies and the funds’ liquidity position to ensure compliance with all legal agreements and variety of facility line requirement.
Handled investors queries and due diligence with investor relations team.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Hong Kong  Sep 2009 – Jan 2015 Manager (Assurance – Financial Service Practice).
Achievement - rated as “High Performer” (Top 20% of Peers) for every year.
Client portfolio – Investment funds, Private equity funds, SFC authorized funds.
Set out PwC global audit agenda, coordinated specialist in different geographical location and led the process, workflow design and review to deploy the efficient and high quality assurance service.
Held frequent meetings and conducted interviews with the management, administrators, prime brokers and legal counsels to understand the latest business development, identify potential internal control weakness and tailor the audit plan.
Tested investment valuation of different product type, and examined internal controls on investment compliance, including fair pricing, pre and post-trade breach monitoring and the corresponding proper rectification.
Analyzed and valued private equity, fixed income and derivatives by evaluating appropriateness of valuation models, model inputs and management estimations.
Performed financial statement audit and compliance audit under the Code on Unit Trusts and Mutual Funds/ Securities and Futures (Financial Resources) Rules.
Examined internal control procedures and validated operational capabilities to ensure full compliance with the requirements under the Securities and Futures Commissions Guangdong Development Bank, Shanghai  Jun 2008 – Aug 2008 Intern.
Performed credit review on mortgage clients and liaised with various departments for progress update.
Assured proper categorization, filing and recording of mortgage application material and clients’ information.
Software skills: Bloomberg Terminal, Reuters, Lotus Notes, Oracle, Geneva, MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook Language: Native Cantonese, Fluent English and Fluent Mandarin.
BBA (Hons) Economics and Management of Organization, 2nd up Honor   Ying Wa College.Career Objectives: My goal is to work for a financial services institution. I have knowledge in the field of finance and am seeking a position in a financial services institution and to find a more challenging job.
5/2016-PRESENT: Operations Manager, Central China International Securities Co., Limited.
-Handle daily trade settlements and data administration from regular trading system, backup settlement data and send daily statements to customers.
-Formulate and review procedures and policies to ensure the reliability of securities business.
-Assist on settling related risk management works, e.g. handle new account openings, assist on risk assessment on company’s various projects, e.g. IPO Financing and margin financing.
1/2016-5/2016: Settlement Manager, Capital Global Management Limited.
-To handle settlement work in relation to Local and Oversea markets, such as stocks, bonds, fixed income.
-Prepare trade confirmations, client statements & daily reports.
-Perform ad-hoc projects according to SFC Codes and Guidelines such as preparing letters on Renewal of Standing Authority, Renewal of Trading Authorization, and Renewal of Discretionary Accounts.
9/2014-6/2015: Assistant Settlement Manager (Department Head), Caitong International Securities Co., Limited.
-To handle settlement work in relation to Stocks (Local and Overseas).
-Prepare trade confirmations, client statements& daily reports.
-To participate in corporate actions-Prepare SI and send SI.
-Perform ad-hoc projects according to SFC Codes and Guidelines such as preparing letters on Renewal of Standing Authority, Renewal of Hold Correspondence, and Renewal of Discretionary Accounts.
10/2012-7/2014: Settlement Officer (Acting Department Head), Topaz Financial Group Limited.
-To handle settlement work in relation to Stocks, Futures and Stock Options and Global Commodities.
-Prepare trade confirmations, client statements & daily reports.
11/2011-10/2012: Settlement Officer, Legend Crown International Development Limited.
-To handle settlement work in relation to HK Futures and Stock.
-Prepare trade confirmations, client statements & daily reports.
2/2011-10/2011: Account Services Officer, The Hongkong And Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited.
-Handle new account opening requests, KYC gatekeeping of new accounts according to compliance requirements and procedural guidelines.
-Executing new account acquisition, identifying customer’s needs in compliance with all internal and external KYC regulations and policies.
6/2010– 2/2011: Settlement Assistant, Mega Securities () Company Ltd.
-To handle settlement work in relation to Oversea markets, such as stocks, ECB, fixed income, GDR and HK Futures.
-Prepare trade confirmations, client statements & daily reports.
10/2009 - 6/2010: Customer Service Officer, Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited.
-To handle settlement work in relation to Futures and Stock Options, Global Commodities and China B shares.
-Prepare trade confirmations, client statements & daily reports.
-Perform trade reconciliation and process bank account switching transactions.
7/2009 - 10/2009: Settlement Clerk (Futures), Prudential Brokerage Limited.
-To handle settlement work in relation to Futures and Stock Options.
-Participate in ad-hoc projects (example: Online simulation trading games for Hang Seng Index (HSI) Futures) and other ad-hoc projects according to SFC Codes and Guidelines such as preparing letters on Renewal of Standing Authority, Renewal of Hold Correspondence, and Renewal of Discretionary Accounts.
5/2007- 3/2009: Credit Clerk, Credit & Risk Management, HSBC Broking Services () Limited.
-Handling the Account Opening process for new clients, including set up client account on various systems, and KYC due diligence.
-Relevant information gathering for account opening e.g. background checks, checking external data sources, bank search, regulatory checking.
-Client account opening, closing, static data maintenance, data update, follow up on outstanding account document, and other account management.
-Client account supporting duties and check after input, reactivate and suspend account.
-CIES reporting and monitor the clients' account trading activities.
-Generate and provide user ID for customer who apply trading thru internet.
-Perform ad-hoc projects according to SFC Codes and Guidelines such as preparing letters on Renewal of Standing Authority, Renewal of Hold Correspondence, and Renewal of Discretionary Accounts.
4/2004-10/2006: General Services Assistant (Telephone Operator), Hospital Authority, Prince of.
-Operate the telephone and paging system, answer enquiries, participate in contingency plans and other clerical duties.
9/2002-9/2003: Sales (part-time), Image Optical, Yuen Long.allianz global investors gmbh, investment operations (middle office),.
Managing daily operational activities and supervise day-to-day work of junior level employees.
Liaising with outsourcing provider, broker, custodian and other service providers, resolve the settlement issues, corporate action events and conduct the valuation reports., etc.
Handling on-boarding accounts setup —- new institutional clients, in-house fund launch, brokerage accounts for equities, fixed income and derivatives instruments.
Actively involving the discussion with front office to plan and set the requirement for the operational support model with any new markets, new products initiatives and client’s specific requirements.
Performing the regular review of BAU issues with outsourcing provider, analyzing  the root course and provide judgment on their improvement in order to minimal the operational risks.
Monitoring the on-boarding progress with outsourcing provider, brokers and custodian in order to achieve the operational readiness before the required deadlines (Appropriate escalation process if required). Keep regularly informing the status to front office.
Northern trust, Investment operations outsourcing, markets operations,.
Leading the team to provide the high standard of BAU operational service to IOO clients.
Handling clients’ escalation on all types of investment operational issues until fully resolved or settled (trade matching & settlement, corporate actions, cash management, reporting and transitions etc).
Performing the root cause analysis on the irregularities and work out the preventative actions.To co-ordinate and setup the requirement for the team in other regional offices to handle any changes / new requirements from clients.
To co-operate with clients to analysis and set up the workflow on any new products and markets.
Performing regular meeting with different external parties (custodians / brokers / financial vendors) for any BAU issues.
Fully involving the discussion and execution on the requirement for any transition events (new account setup / accounts re-structuring).
Assisting clients’ for any ad-hoc events or special reporting.
To keep regular review with different operational teams for increasing the productivity and operational smoothing.
To report any irregularities found to senior management and clients.
aLLIANZ GLOBAL INVESTORS ASIA PACIFIC GmbH,  operations, settlement team,.
Supervising sub-ordinates to perform the efficiency and error free on the trade matching and resolve any settlement issues till settled.
Timely submission of reconciliation of both stock and cash position.
To monitor changes in the marketplace and assess their implication on working practices.
Supporting all corporate actions processing and make sure the correct posting the entitlement on time.
Reporting to manager for any irregularities found or potential financial impacts on settlements.
HSBC, sec (securities execution center),  SETTLEMENT DEPARTMENT,.
Performing the daily trade processing in a timely, accurate and professional manner.
Ensuring all pre / post failed trades are efficiently managed and follow up.
Performing the daily stock reconciliation and follow up with custodians for any discrepancies until cleared.
Ensuring compliance with internal and external regulatory procedure required.
The pacific group ltd (hedge fund), settlement officer — 1997 - 1998.
Performing the daily trade matching and sending the trades to prime brokerages.
The University of Newcastle, NSW, Australia  — Bachelor  of Commerce, 1996.
TAFE, Sydney, Australia - Advanced Certificate (Commerce), 1992.
Fluent speaking and writing in English and Chinese, macro programming in Excel, Omgeo application (CTM / ALERT), Bloomberg operations (AIMS).Address  : 68 Lor G, Telok Kurau, 04-08 The Medley, 426258 Singapore.
Languages  : Fluent in English, Mandarin, Cantonese & Bahasa Melayu.
Hobbies  : Passionate about cooking, sports and scuba diving.
Major in Professional Accounting &Finance, CGPA 5.5/7, Distinction.
2005 — 2006  Tertiary Foundation       : Unified Examination Certificate (UEC).
2001 — 2005   Secondary Qualification: Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM).
2010 — Current   CPA Australia, Certified Practising Accountant.
2015 — Current  CFA Institute, Claritas Investment Certification.
— Current  Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, Chartered Accountant.
— Current   Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist, Certified AntiMoney Laundering Specialist.
May 2015 — Current  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”), Singapore.
Major Achievements: Notwithstanding the lack of internal audit experience prior to joining SMBC, I demonstrated my relentless desire to learn despite a steep learning curve and I was able to prove my capability by delivering quality audit work consistently. In 6 months’ time, I was given the opportunity to lead an audit team of 6 (including AVPs and VPs) as auditor-in-charge for an overseas branch of approximately 450 employees. From audit planning to audit execution, I coordinated and communicated audit request with my counterparts amicably. I applied my analytical skill to analyse and summarise voluminous financial and non-financial data into a 4-page audit planning memorandum. I also exercised professional judgment with supporting data to determine the scope of the audit which I presented it to the regional head of Asia Pacific directly for approval. I managed the audit execution and communicated with branch’s senior management daily to manage the expectation during the onsite audit. The audit identified a number of areas of improvement and the branch’s senior management was very appreciative of the value adding recommendation as a result of the audit.
After the success of my first audit as an auditor-in-charge, I was given another opportunity to lead an audit of a wider scope with a team of 7 (including AVPs and VPs). I received positive feedbacks for the audits I led. Besides, I obtained a new qualification in 2016 as a Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist to further enhance my knowledge and hone my skill especially in the area of AML/CTF.
Areas of audit covered: Front office (corporate banking departments, wealth management department, cash management service – electronic banking), back office operations (deposits, remittances, cash banking, trade finance, customer instructions such as opening, closing account and reactivating dormant account), legal and compliance, AML audit (framework, KYC onboarding, KYC ongoing monitoring, transaction filtering and screening, transaction monitoring), support groups audit (human resource, learning and development, budget and expense, outsourcing and service provider).
My essential duties as an internal auditor and an auditor-in-charge include but not limited to:.
Lead audit team as auditor in charge from audit planning, execution and audit reporting.
Verbally communicate findings to senior management, draft comprehensive recommendation and issue audit opinion via a detailed root cause analysis.
Present audit result to the country’s regulator via face-to-face meeting and address query from regulator.
Document auditable process and conduct follow up audits or meeting to monitor management’s remediation action plan status.
Engage to continuous knowledge development regarding Asia Pacific countries regulations and summarise the relevant updates to incorporate the necessary coverage into audit.
Conduct yearly risk assessment and quarterly continuous monitoring of assigned Asia Pacific countries.
Extensive exposure to Know Your Client and Anti Money Laundering theme audits in Asia Pacific countries.
Establish risk-based audit programs and determine scope of review in conjunction with the audit partner and regional head.
Review the suitability of internal control design and conduct audit testing of to identify reportable issues and dimension of risk.
Evaluate compliance with policies and procedures of the bank and country regulations.
Conduct quality assurance assignments and advisory engagement.
Mar 2014 — May 2015 Franklin Templeton Investments, Singapore.
Conducted risk-based review of Net Asset Value (NAV) reporting for Asia Pacific and Cayman funds and provide guidance to the operation groups and direct report to Manager.
Coordinated with internal and external auditors periodically for audit and financial reporting.
Worked closely with Compliance to resolve regulator’s queries over the funds.
Responsible for answering queries of complex accounting issues occurring within the products and manage client expectations and partnering with other business units effectively for prompt issue resolution.
Monitored performance against the service level agreements established with internal clients (cash accounting team, treasury accounting team, sales, compliance, trading desk) as well as external clients (outsource service providers, custodian, trustee) and  documented the evaluation in report format on a regular basis.
Participated in fund launches and projects to support project objective, address concern and implement project strategies.
Reviewed monthly reports produced by operations team for accuracy and reasonableness.
Reviewed expense ratio analysis and funds payments for accuracy and reasonableness.
Reviewed quarterly, semi-annual, annual financial statements and other local regulatory and trustee reporting.
Reviewed department procedure manual and control procedures regularly for accuracy and efficiency.
Participated in meeting with business prospects for business development which resulted in increased sales and expansion of showrooms.
Managed sales force and promotional expenses for motor vehicles in three showrooms.
Prepared annual reporting of financial statements and tax reporting.
Prepared monthly account reporting which include compilation, comparison of results against budget, costing, income and expenditure analysis.
Senior Associate Year 2 – Financial Services (High Performance rating).
Participated in audit of financial services institutions – bank and asset management companies. My audit clients include Bank of America, Helios Capital Management, UT Asset Management, Eastspring Investments, Amundi Singapore and Seatown Holdings.
Responsible for developing audit approach such as qualitative and quantitative analysis and evaluation of client’s industry and business risk. For instance, evaluate management’s and service providers’ ability to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting during periods of higher growth or higher complexity of their investments, investigate errors in NAV per share and any corrective action taken, perform audit on management’s compliance with law and regulations.
Responsible for day-to-day audit works including audit work and budget planning, control testing, substantive audit works, coaching and supervising junior associates, reporting to manager-incharge and partner-in-charge.
Responsible for reviewing draft financial statements, preparing audit finding report and communicating audit findings to manager-in-charge, partner-in-charge and client’s management, able to establish and retain effective working relationship with both the team and the client.
Led audit engagement team of five team members and completed audit within scheduled reporting timeline.
Participated in audit engagements of private and public listed companies in diverse industries which include Real Estate, Manufacturing, Consumer Retail Business, Shipping and Food and Beverage. (i.e. Cheung Kong Holdings, Rockwell Automation, TRS Singapore-Prada , Hartmann Asia, Fitness First, Tung Lok Group).
Completed audit works for various sections of financial statement which include cash, investment, account receivable, account payable, accruals, debts, tax, sales, cost of sales and expenses with minimal supervision and support from audit senior.
Assisted in completing financial audit fieldwork in manufacturing and real estate industries which includes testing of control, transactions and balances.
Amicable interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively (multilingual).
Comprehensive problem solving skill and multitasking ability.
Able to meet tight deadlines with excellent time management.
Self defined and adaptable to different working conditions.
Proficient in common PC, Microsoft Office and Lotus Notes applications.
 Participate in various corporate responsibility activities which include PwC FSIP Gives Back at Marina Gardens by the Bay with clients from Sundac, annual JP Morgan Chase Challenges and SGX Bull Charge Charity Marathon.
  Active in organising accounting-related events and seminars.
2007 —2009 Business School Accounting Club, University of South Australia   Committee member.
  Active in organising accounting-related events and club activities.
2000 —2005  Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music, United Kingdom.
 Accomplish six years of piano lessons and took piano practical and theory examinations consistently. Keen to accept challenges and achieve progressive target.Familiar with Global Equity and Multi Asset Funds with hedged share classes.
Familiar with Equity, Fixed Income, OTC options, NDFs, and other derivatives products.
Handle the oversight of the fund valuation provided by fund administrator.
Assist in reviewing the operational processes and procedures with internal teams and fund administrator to ensure sufficient control and update for any changes on regulations and market practices.
Liaise with brokers and internal teams to resolve trade and settlement related issues.
Coordinate with internal teams, external auditors and fund administrator in preparing annual/interim financial reports.
Gather and report market news and corporate action events for the securities to relevant parties.
Ensure all the products are complied with internal policies and regulatory requirements.
Handle investment performance reporting and prepare investment related reports on a regular time schedule.
Produce portfolio analysis for internal risk control, updating fund factsheets and management review.
Monitor the credit ratings for countries, counterparties and bonds.
Handle Cash Management and forecasting including subscription and redemption, trade settlement, FX and expense payment.
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited, Senior Fund Accountant                  2011 - 2015.
Mutual fund : RQFII ETFs, ETFs, Gold ETF, QFII Funds, Fixed Income Funds, Index Funds, MPFs,ORSOs.
Prepare fund valuation, accounting and financial reports on a timely schedule and handle calculation of performance fee.
Participate in system migration User Acceptance Test and ad-hoc assignments and projects.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance (minor in Accountancy)               2008 –2011.
Completed conversion program for HKICPA. Planning to obtain HKICPA qualification within two years.
Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries Paper 1, exempt 7, 8.
Managing a stock portfolio consists of over one million dollars funded by alumni.
Conducting stock analysis on company financial statements, and reviewing the portfolio.
Serving as Masters of Ceremonies and assistant in major school events and conferences.
Receiving VIP guests and sharing personal experiences with visiting students and faculty.
Duisburg-Essen University, Germany, Exchange Student                                  2010 –2010.
Studied courses: German language, Finance, Marketing and Management in Europe.
China Affairs Association, HKBU, Financial Secretary                 2009 – 2010.
Contacting and inviting external and internal guests to deliver speech in seminars.
Coordinating the internal works including maintaining the daily operation of bank account, preparing financial budget and reports and facilitating the operation of functions such as study tour and 25thanniversary.
Student Ambassador Service Award, Hong Kong Baptist University               2011.
Computer skills: Proficient in VBA, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access.
Languages: Proficient in spoken and written English and Chinese including Mandarin.
Interests: Playing board games; Hiking; Playing Badminton.
Attentive to detail, well-organized and posses strong analytical skill.
Cheerful person with strong sense of responsibility and able to work under pressure.Mobile: +65 91143016   E-Mail: johnnyarambam@gmail.com   Home: 8 Lorong 26 Geylang, S - 398483.
I am a highly dedicated, motivated, individual, offering over 9 years of experience in Operations (Hedge Fund Middle Office, Fixed Income Middle Office Securities Operation, Syndicate Bank Loan). Presently working with SS&C Fund Services Singapore (previously Citibank HFS), as Manager, Hedge Fund Operations. Possessing a keen understanding of the Financial Services industry with specialization in Hedge Fund and Institutional Fund Operations.
Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) Graduate from JIWAJI UNIVERSITY, INDIA.
SS&C Singapore (previously Citibank HFS) – Manager – OTC and Hedge Fund Middle Office.
Job Profile: Managing the Middle office responsibilities of my clients, Trade Life Cycle- Trade Capture, Confirmation, Valuation, Settlement and Reconciliation process.
Reconcile all trades daily including OTC and listed securities. Ensure all breaks are resolved on time.
Ensure confirmations and settlements for trades are done on time.
Liaising with client, brokers, custodian, prime brokers daily to ensure smooth process flow.
Setting up P&L reports for clients, monitoring P&L movement’s daily and reconciling P&L differences.
Reconciling positions with client, brokers, custodian to ensure positions are in line.
Ensures that all the deliverables are met within the agreed SLAs, without compromising on quality & accuracy.
Liaising closely with offshore support team to implement the most optimal operating model.
Oversee offshore support team work and ensure all controls are followed.
Assist in preparing operational procedure (SOPs) and service review for clients with senior management.
Involved in clients on-boarding and preparing operational memorandum procedures and agreeing on Key Performance Indicators (“KPI”) and service level agreements.
Working closely with external parties such as the prime brokers/custodians, OMS system vendors for interface and connectivity testing during implementation.
Working on projects such as automation, procedural controls, risk controls, staff training, etc.
Application used - Bloomberg, DTCC, Calypso, Markitwire, Virtus, Geneva, MOM, Oasys, Price Maker, Security Master.
Goldman Sachs – Specialist – Middle Office – Securities Operation.
Job Profile: Provide support for EMEA Sales rep covering trade booking, allocation, reconciliation, confirmation, settlement.
Supporting EMEA Sales rep for fixed income bond trading – Voice Trade and Electronic Trades.
First point of contact for clients for any queries related to bond trades. On the secondary market and primary market -we act as Billing and Delivery for various new issues in the market.
Monitor trades are booked correctly in terms of economic details- Price, Quantity, Cash, TD and SD.
Liaise with various trade support team to resolve internal mismatches.
Sourcing for allocations from Electronic platforms like Trade Web, Market Axxess, Bond Vision and through e-mails from clients.
Working on automation of the process to increase efficiency and productivity.
Allocate trades to respective funds/accounts for clients, send confirmation through fax, email or over Oasys/CTM, instructing in the market to get the trade settled.
Dealing with Omgeo & Oasys confirmations for clients, resolving queries for trades rejected by clients and custodian over Oasys.
Contact client/ FO directly for any queries regarding the trade, settlement issues, mismatch of deals, instructions, allocation of deals, etc.
Liaise with different team to resolve issues related to product setup, downstream issues, etc.
Facilitate TBA Pairoffs Trades, FOP (free of payment) trades.
Facilitate new Account/Fund opening for Client to trade fixed income products.
Work on automation and industrialization of the process to lessen manual intervention in the process.
Responsible for sending reports to management daily and monitoring it to resolve risk involved in the process.
Migrated the process of Fixed Income Allocation (FIAC) from London.
Worked in the GS London office for a month with various teams comprising of people from different background and culture, to understand and get trained in the process.
Regular meeting and catch up session with various teams (including front office) from various locations including London, Russia, Frankfurt, Bangalore, etc. to discuss POA for a successful migration.
Monitoring the work done at Bangalore, addressing queries, identifying and resolving issues.
Application used: MS Office, SWS, Hydra, IAM, Rumba, Alert, Bloomberg, Tradeweb, MTS Bond Vision, Market Axxess, Oasys, CTM.
Job Profile: Oversee daily cashflow for clients with respect to syndicate bank loan securities covering cash and position reconciliation.
Managing Clients investment portfolios which have invested in Syndicate Bank Loan market covering Cash Reconciliation and auditing daily.
Responsible for setting up the process of Position Reconciliation for Bank Loan assets in India and monitoring it daily. I am also responsible for imparting training on this area to my teammates, assigning them with work on this area on a regular basis and carrying out quality checks on work done and advising them on issues.
Handle trades for Clients by coordinating with various Investment Managers and keep a track of all trades conducted. Also, maintain the cash flow projections, be in constant touch with agent banks for information & reconciliation.
Checking clients account daily to keep track of client’s investment, running forecast cash flow report, processing payments, chasing payments, identifying issues if any, researching on it and resolving it daily.
Responsible for auditing and reconciliation of clients’ accounts daily with respect to Agent Bank and Investment Manager to present a clear picture to the client about their investments.
Working closely with Investment Manager, Brokers and Agent Banks based in different geographical location to see that we provide our clients with the best of service possible.
Researching on cash exceptions daily with the help of certain resources and clearing it.
Maintaining good rapport with middle office, working closely with Reps assigned to each client on the regular basis to ensure any issues are communicated and addressed quickly.
Involved in various business operations helping the organization to achieve cost-effective production with increased quality and efficiency, and meeting clients’ expectations and at time exceeding them.
Responsible for preparing daily reports and tracking exceptions using excel and other application and sending it to daily representatives and management.
Setting up the process of Position Reconciliation for Bank Loan assets in India.
Responsible for setting up the process of Position Reconciliation for Bank Loan assets in India and monitoring it daily.
Responsible for imparting training on this area to my teammates, assigning them with work on this area on a regular basis and carrying out quality checks on work done and advising them on issues.
Analyzing customer’s requirements and selling Internet Service packages that will suit the requirement.
Up-selling and Cross-selling when there is an opportunity to enhance the relationship.
Maintaining Customer’s Account and Handling their queries.
Mphasis – Customer Service Executive Level 2– Banking Products for US customers.
Handling customer queries/transaction request of a prestigious multinational American bank.
Analyzing Customer’s relationship with the bank with the purpose of enhancing the relationship through suggestions, reminders and selling banking products that will add value to the relationship (Up-selling).
Good relationship management skills, meticulous, able to handle pressure and meet deadlines consistently.
Strong understanding and high exposure of listed and OTC financial instruments and its trade lifecycle.Well  rounded professional with over 9 years’ experience in Mergers & Acquisition, Corporate Finance, Restructuring, Advisory and Assurance services. Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills with good understanding of M&A transaction process from both buy-side and sell-side perspective, as well as financial reporting framework, business controls and processes.
Present   Borrelli Walsh Pte Ltd, Corporate Advisory   [Singapore].
Mergers & Acquisition, divestment of non-core assets, fund raising, develop and implement turn-around strategies as well as financial and operational restructuring.
Lead turn-around of an Indonesia-based oil & gas equipment manufacturer and service provider, including divestment of certain equity stakes.
Completed USD524.7m debt restructuring and thereafter, involved in the turn-around of an Indonesia-based distributor of mobile phone and operator products. Scope include identifying and closing non-performing stores,.
identifying and implementing improvements to IT and ERP system, managing audit process to ensure compliance with local regulations  and work towards lifting suspension of trading in its shares.
Involved in USD300m restructuring of a project finance debt for a Malaysian smelter, USD100m debt restructuring of its trading arm based in Singapore and restart of its mine in Australia.
Oct 2015  PricewaterhouseCoopers LP, Deals / Merger & Acquisition  [Singapore].
Completed sell-side advisory for a Myanmar-based manufacturer and distributor of spirits-based products to a private equity.
Completed numerous financial due diligence review on investment targets involved in industry, including but not limited to real estate portfolios, pharmaceutical and healthcare, luxury car dealership and.
Involved in origination, fund raising and sourcing for investment targets.
Oct 2014  Deloitte SEA, Corporate Finance and M&A Transaction Services [Malaysia].
Completed buy-side advisory for a Chinese industrial glass provider's acquisition of a Malaysia-based specialty PV bare glass manufacturing facility from an American-Korean JV.
Completed sell-side advisory for a Malaysia-based manufacturer of precision engineered components serving the oil & gas and aerospace industry to a UK-listed MNC.
Completed sell-side advisory for a Malaysia-based manufacturer and distributor of security seals to a UK-listed MNC.
Led and completed numerous financial due diligence review engagements, valuation of businesses and identification of investment targets.
Involved in origination, execution of M&A and financial due diligence projects.
Apr 2014  Ernst & Young, Assurance & Advisory Business Services               [Malaysia].
 Led numerous assurance engagement (audit) for clients involved in industry, including but not limited to construction, shipbuilding and ship repair, software development, pharmaceutical and healthcare, oil & gas services and manufacturing.
Prepare teaser, process letter, information memorandum, management presentation,.
Assess acquisition options and deal structure,devise bidding strategy,.Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Macao University of Science and Technology, Macao SAR, China.
First Year Business School Study, September 2004 to May 2005.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, Singapore – Current Position: Audit Manager;.
Audited Agricultural Bank of China Singapore Branch, Apollo Group, Atlantis Resources group (AIM listed), Bank of Communications Singapore Branch, Chang Hwa Bank Singapore Branch, Dow Financial Services Inc Singapore Branch,.
E Sun Commercial Bank Ltd Singapore Branch, Fitch Group, Green Eagle Group, MAS project for CMS licence holders,.
Société Générale Bank & Trust S.A. Singapore Branch, Tokio Marine Asset Management, Taishin International Bank Co., Ltd Singapore Branch, UCO Bank Singapore Branch and various hedge funds and fund managers.
Supervised audit team to conduct the audit assignments effectively and efficiently with good project management and interpersonnel skills; team size of 2 to 4 persons and 30 to 40 engagements per year.
Strong in FRS, advanced financial accounting topics, good knowledge of financial products across classes, taxation, consolidation and MAS regulation for banks and CMS licence holders.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore – Last Position: Assistant Manager.
Audited JPMorgan, BOC Aviation, AXA Funds & Whitney Hedge Funds, and SSAE assurance for Lion Global Investors and trustee compliance project for Citibank Trustee.
Supervised audit team to conduct the audit assignments effectively and efficiently.
Experienced in hedge accounting, taxation, consolidation, aircraft leasing, US GAAP for funds.
Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch – Credit, Emerging Markets Product Controller, 4 months in 2011.
Performed daily P&L production for emerging market tradable loan books (price based).
Performed month-end closing process, including IPV, BS substantiation, and account ownership.
Performed FVM/FVO reporting (FRS 39 Leveling) and loan mark-down reporting.
Identified and corrected the daily FX position so as to prevent the trader (bank) from entering into wrong FX hedging   Successfully identified and resolved a daily P&L system issue which occurred since the inception of the strategic system.
Conducted audit fieldwork: assessing the control environment, performing general and substantive audit procedures.
Prepared general audit workpapers: documenting the audit findings and differences, and resolving them promptly.
Reviewed clients' statutory financial reportings submitted to EY before the Partner sign-off.
Assisted auditors in ascertaining fixed-asset account balances.
Manulife Financial, Singapore – Professional Attachment: Investment Accounting Intern, 10 weeks in 2007.
Performed daily investment valuation - various funds unit pricing.
Analyzed fund portfolio processes and guidelines and prepared fund portfolio process flowcharts.
Performed month-end fund portfolios reconciliation and follow-up work.
Initiated month-end investment income reconciliation worksheets and handled reconciliation and follow-up work.
Operated on simple and complex rides, with safety awareness constantly in mind.
Controlled and handled some emergency situations within the rides area.
Worked effectively, efficiently and enthusiastically in a multi-national team.
First Prize Winner plus S$500 cash in the individual category on 3rd December 2007.
Second Prize Winner plus S$3,000 cash (team) in the final case-based group category on 7th December 2007.
ACI-SMU FICS Specialist Certificate in Product Control (Role V).
Singapore CA Qualification Candidate (Completed all four Professional Modules, left with final Comprehensive Module).
Certificate of High Impact Presentation conducted by Dale Carnegie.
WSQ Certificate of Applying Emotional Intelligence conducted by Capelle Consulting.
Corporate volunteer for Singapore Youth Olympic Games – Opening & Closing Ceremony.
Hobbies include mathematics, badminton, volunteer, travelling & stamps collection.
Fluent in English & Mandarin, good Excel skills, attention to details and logical thinker with an analytical mindset, always.
Taking initiatives for problem solving with minimum supervision, highly adaptable to changes, highly organised, driven.
#: MAS212 is the fourth and last sequence of the calculus modules within the Mathematics Department. It deals with multi-variable calculus.
(High School Attached to Southwest China Normal University, one of seven key schools in the Municipality of Chongqing, China, and one of the direct key schools of the Ministry of Education, China).
MAS801 It’s Discreetly Discrete WLD: Math in Real Life Applications.Mobile:+86 188.1105.2166 │ wujin50@hotmail.com │ Beijing, China.
Lead analyst covering a portfolio of high-profile Chinese Central State-owned Enterprises. Sector coverage includes Chinese metal and mining, trading, construction, and general industrials.
Closely monitor China’s corporate sector leverage and update Moody’s credit views; communicate with debt-issuing companies and led a series of decisive rating actions in 2016. Sample names include China Minmetals, Sinochem, PowerChina, China National Gold etc.
Contributed to Moody’s China Strategy in advising on emerging trends in onshore bond market and strengthening Moody’s franchise in China.
Secondee: Vice President, China Chengxin Int’l Credit Ratings CO. (CCXI)  03/2012 – 12/2015 (CCXI is a Moody’s JV and the largest domestic rating agency in China with -1/3 of onshore market share.)  Carried dual responsibilities of businesses development and risk management.
Spearheaded CCXI’s securitization business in onshore bond market: formulated strategies for reviving CCXI’s securitization business, developed a top team in industry, systemically liaisoned with market participants through different channels, and took #1 and more than 70% of market share.
Served as one of four rotating Chairs of CCXI Rating Committee, reviewed rating projects across LOBs to ensure rating quality; co-led Credit Policy Committee to evaluate innovative credit products.
Guided the analyst team on timely and relevant credit researches, topics including onshore corporate default trend, sector outlooks, innovative fixed-income products, and macro credit conditions etc.
2/2013-4/2014: Managed CCXI’s Financial Institution Group and Structured Finance Group with 35 analyts. Recruited and developed the analyst team, developed rating methodologies, took industry #1 & dominant positions, and increased FIG revenue by 22% and SFG revenue by 80% YOY in 2013.
3/2012-1/2013: Credit leader of CCXI: assisted CCXI President to manage the credit risk of rated portfolio; served as the only standing member of rating committee to review and approve all rating projects across LOBs.
Sr. Corporate Bond Analyst, Investment Group  03/2008 – 03/2012.
Key member of research team managing $24 billion investment grade and high yield corporate bond, CDS, CDO portfolio. Primary research coverage experiences including MLP, basic industries, utilities and insurance.
Directly managed $1.6 billion positions with about 50 names. Monitored news and tradings, maintained relative value ranking for issuer and cusip, conveyed relative value buy/sell/hold recommendations to portfolio managers.
Adopted fundamental analysis and market timing techniques to facilitate CDS trading. Responsible for the coverage of 40 CDS from both financial and industrial sectors as part of the $350 million synthetic CDO portfolio.
Member of the distressed credit group focusing on deep-dive covenant and recovery analysis; recommended trading strategy across capital structure. Example research projects including AIG, ING, WaMu, and Wachovia.
Sr. Investment Research Analyst, Investment Portfolio, Treasury  05/2006 – 02/2008.
Member of research team for $3 billion total return corporate bond portfolio. Senior analyst covering investment grade and high yield Telecom, Media & Technology sectors. Back-up analyst covering general industrials.
Independently conducted fundamental research and presented buy/hold/sell recommendations to portfolio managers. Initiated coverage of >30 names resulting $410 million accumulative investments.
Interacted with sales coverage, sell-side research analysts and rating agencies; monitored cash bonds and CDS tradings for more than 60 TMT names on daily basis; generated total return trade ideas for portfolio managers.
Conducted credit analysis for synthetic CDO investments made up of >140 corporate CDS.
Finance Manager, Subprime Credit Card Division  08/2002 – 04/2006.
Led the quarterly and yearly P&L forecast and financial control function for the US Card Subprime Business Segment with over $10 billion credit card outstanding balance. Cooperated with business managers to develop business plans, managed business reviews, and evaluated the performance of new credit card products.
Designed and built US Credit Card competitive matrix with over 30 benchmark criteria to assess business performance. Findings supported Capital One Card business re-org from 4 divisions to 2 segments in 2004.
Worked in a 3-analyst team to develop the US Card Strategic Gaming Model; contributed in 2004 and 2005 annual target-setting for US Card’s >$1.5 billion net income; gamed hypothetical interest-rate scenarios to achieve optimal risk adjusted return for the $75 billion US Credit Card portfolio.
Credit Analyst (intern) – Bank Loan Underwriting  06/2001 – 11/2001.
Monitored the credit quality of bank loan portfolio. Analyzed and projected financial statements to decide risk ratings; completed the financial analysis reports for >30 strategy corporate clients in Northwest US.
Office of Overseas Chinese Affairs of State Council of China  Beijing, China.
Researched on policy issues to promote and manage foreign direct investments into China.
MBA, Michael G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington, Seattle, WA  2000-2002.
MA, International Political Economy, University of Iowa  1998-2000.
BA International Relations, Foreign Affairs University, Beijing, China  1992-1996.
Hong Kong SFC Licensed Representative Member of AmCham China.
Vice President / Sr. Credit Officer, Corporate Finance Group.______________________________________________________________________________.
Proactive decision maker, analyzing situations holistically, self-starter to take up initiative.
Hands-on approach to areas. Understanding before execution.
Indepth focus on regulations and regulatory requirements.
______________________________________________________________________________.
Singapore Institute of Management - Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (SIM- RMIT).
CPA Australia Associate Member since Aug 2009. CPA Program completed in August 2013.
______________________________________________________________________________.
Global Financial Services Industry Audit Senior              November 2016 –   Present Deloitte & Touche LLP (Graded High Performer)        January 2013 – December 2015.
Assisting in planning and executing banking and financial services audit engagements for financial reporting purposes.
Review of quarterly and yearly review of MAS submissions.
Developing effective business relationships with clients in order to help both the firm and the client to grow.
Conducting special audits and inspections on behalf of regulatory bodies for license holders including AML/CFT regulations, Customer Due Diligence, Tax Risk and ongoing monitoring.
Conducting Internal Control Audit Testing through Walkthrough discussion (Design) with Audit Client followed by sample selection (implementation) and Testing of Controls/ Effectiveness.
Review of loan contracts and agreements with other banks and corporates for financial lending purposes.
US Securities and Fund Management Firms, Re-insurers, Middle Eastern Banks, Indian Banks and Commodity/ Energy trading companies Main clients include; Morgan Stanley Securities Singapore, Arab Bank, Bank of Baroda, Reliance Energy.
Loan (Syndication & Bilateral) Cycle, Trade Finance Cycle, Forex/Derivatives and Money market cycle.
Large MNC’s, Government linked Companies, Oil trading/Drilling firms, Infrastructure related firms.
Regulatory Work related to AML/CFT regulations, CDD and ongoing monitoring conducted on behalf of MAS with:.
Broker Dealer Firms (Securities), Registered Fund Management firms, Singapore Branches of Banks.
Spearheaded development and set-up of the ERP system, Odoo on seamless capturing of accounting entries integrated with both Front-end (website) and Back-end (Warehousing and delivery).
Assisting Chief Executive Officer in providing financial data in preparation of forecasts to investors.
Preparation and analysis of monthly Profit and Loss reports for investors.
Vetting and review of contracts with vendors, third party logistics for overseas subsidiaries.
Preparation and execution of Payroll for Staff including CPF and benefits.
Conducting reconciliations between payment gateways for Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and Cash on Delivery.
Conducting audits of company accounts in various industries in accordance with Financial Reporting Standards.
Conduct of special reviews or investigations at the request of senior management.
Focus on  various aspects of auditing functions including audit planning, system review, audit fieldwork, preparing general purpose financial statements and consolidated statements and cash flow statements to audit completion.
Metal Trading & Hedging Companies, Marine Services Companies, Commodity Trading Companies, Hospitality Service Companies, Travel Agencies, IT implementation Companies (Consolidation of Financial Statements),  Jewelry Retail Companies.
Registry of Co-operative Societies Executive                               July 2009 – June 2011.
Ministry of Community Development, Youth and Sports (Temp).
Provide compliance and governance support to Co-operatives.
Provide guidelines in the formation, organisation, management and dissolution of Co-operative Societies in line with the Co-operative Societies Act (Cap. 62).
Assist the Registrar of Co-operative Societies with the evaluation of audit and annual reports of Co-operative Societies.
Developing good inter-personal relationships with the Committee of Management of the Co- operative Societies.
______________________________________________________________________________.
Computer Skills: Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Powerpoint, word etc.) MYOB accounting software package, Deloitte Audit Software 2 (AS2), ODOO Accounting Software (ERP integrated).2004-2007 The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.
• BBA in Account, graduated with second class honor in June 2007.
2014  To be qualified as HKICPA: Passed all HKICPA exams in Jun 2009.
Aug12 - present CITIC Securities International Company Limited, Investment Operations – Operations Manager.
• Overseeing all trade booking, allocation, trade cycle maintenance. Liaising with front office to ensure the timely and efficient resolution of trade breaks, asset class ranging from equity, fixed income, rates, credit, FX, commodities derivatives and structure products.
• Performing pricing, valuation control and value validation for all the proprietary trading books. Ensure portfolio reporting deliver to front office, finance and risk department. Oversee P&L query and provide resolution from internal stakeholders.
• Working closely with the front office to provide daily support for their new business initiatives. Defining operating procedures, front office and client support and other initiatives raised by risk & compliance departments to ensure successful business launched.
• Performing cash and collateral management to maintain the optimal liquidity and margin level for prime brokerage, future and custodian accounts.
• Regular re-assessment of operational controls and procedures to drive the automation process and mitigate key risk issues.
• Participating in Calypso systems migrations projects related to middle to back office processes.
Nov11 - Aug12 Taikang Asset Management (Hong Kong) Company Limited – Settlement & Fund Accountant.
• Handled all day-to-day investment operations and serve as first escalation point for any queries from external parties on settlement, corporate action issues, analysing and resolving with brokers.
• Handled all new execution brokers and bank margin accounts opening related matters.
• Calculated the QFII fund & discretionary account NAV and perform reconciliation on a daily basis.
• Performed cash management functions and execute FX trades to avoid any overdraft.
• Streamlined operational flows pertaining to the pair-trade activities. Designed new booking, set up and related operational changes arising from new products.
Aug08 - Nov11 Citigroup, Alternative Investment Services – Assistant Manager.
• Provided consultative services to clients in respect of operational and regulatory development and handled daily clients’ inquiries.
• Supervised the daily work of the trade processing and corporate action to ensure the control environment is maintained, escalate if any operational issues that may arise.
• Assisted in the accounting system conversion project and demonstrated the system testing tasks with the operations team.
• Investigated into the nature of complex financial instruments and derivatives including OTC products to ensure accurate profit and loss calculation.
• Reviewed and performed fund valuation reports for Hedge Funds within tight deadlines.
• Prepared tax returns for US clients and coordinated with the US tax department.
• Prepared annual financial statements and liaised with external auditors to ensure reporting deadlines are met.
Jun07 - Aug 08 HSBC Security Services, Global Transaction Banking – Fund Accountant.
• Prepared fund valuations, calculated net asset value with established procedures.
• Maintained and reviewed cash and position reconciliation for Hedge Funds.
• Assisted the officer with preparation the year-end financial statement and liaised with auditors.
• Assisted in audit assignments for one of the state-owned financial institution in PRC.
• Prepared financial analysis for the Statement of Profit and Loss.
• Crossed check expenses items declared and vouchers provided by the clients.
• Practical experience in using Bloomberg and Reuters; For Order management system: Tradar, Calypso, Geneva.Address: Flat M, 32/F Block 1, Fu Ning Garden,                      E-Mail: bonyeeyee@hotmail.com 25 Po Ning Road, Tseung Kwan O, NT.
Responsible and competitive Fund Accounting Assistant Manager in ADM Capital, an Investment manager focusing on Asset Management and in charge of large-scale fund accounting, valuation and administrative work for both Private Equity and Hedge Funds. Being a strong coordinator and team player with positive, cooperative and independent characters, evidenced by 9 years’ audit related and fund accounting experiences.
Mrs Choi Chui Luk Memorial Scholarship, Outstanding Student Award.
Jun 2011- Present  Fund Accounting, Assistant Manager, ADM Capital.
To prepare timely and accurate Net Asset Values for Private Equity Funds and Hedge.
Funds, equipped with product knowledge of various security types and derivatives.
To prepare the IRR data, financial statements and fund portfolio reports.
To reconcile the cash and handle all the middle office work which support the front and   back office teams, being strong supporter in liaising and assisting the Investor.
To execute fund administrative work, such as preparing capital call and distribution   notices, payment instructions, price input, forward exchange contracts and trade.
To assist and tackle issues for Annual audit and cooperate with auditors.
May 2006 - May 2007   Executive Committee, Promotion Secretary, Drama Team member, Drama Society,HKUSTSU.
To design promotion products and design the promotion strategy for all activities.
Person in charge of Drama Orientation Camp and Annual Performance 2007.
Language   English (Fluent), Cantonese (Native), Mandarin (Fluent).
Computer     Quickbook, Advent Geneva, EquiTrak, MS Office applications, SAP, SPSS.
Interests and others  Travelling, drama production, making new friends, drawing.
EXPECTED SALARY  HKD48,000 (Current yearly package: US72,846 with monthly salary HKD40,000).
Certified Public Accountant, Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Management of Organizations and Marketing-.
Common Recruitment Examination, HKSAR Government: Pass in Aptitude Test.
International English Language Testing System (IELTS): 7.5 out of 9.
Office of the Commissioner of Insurance: Pass with Insurance Intermediaries Qualifying.
London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board: Pass in Level 3.
London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board: Pass with Distinction.
Address: Flat M, 32/F Block 1, Fu Ning Garden,                25 Po Ning Road, Tseung Kwan O, NT.
To keep the full set accounting for SPVs and tax filing and annual review of Beijing Office and Wuhan SPVs.
To have strong experience in dealing with funds’ Custodian Bank and Administrators  Fund Accountant, The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited.
To provide fund accounting and valuation services for Hedge Fund and Private Equity Investment.
To handle daily fund administrative and operational work and act as a good communicator on behalf of clients with investors, auditors and fund houses.
To calculate NAV and prepare weekly, monthly reports and financial statements.
To provide statutory auditing services for engagement clients,.
To prepare auditor reports and perform analytical procedures on account balances and classes of transactions.
To be assigned in large-scale audit engagements such as China Resources Microelectronics, Cheung Kong Infrastructure etc.
Student Helper, Admissions, Registration and Records Office of HKUST.
To file documentation and deal with MS Chinese word processing.
Development Assistant, Hitachi Beijing Tech Information System Co. Ltd.
  To accomplish a Design Project with the specialized computer program in Beijing.
Sub Committee member of Drama Society, Accounting Society, Marketing Society, and Student Social Service Society.
School Perfect, Vice-chairperson of Photography Club, Treasurer of Chinese Club and Class.Ballet Teacher, Dermatology Assistant Nurse, Assistant Accountant.
Company:       CLSA Limited (formerly CITICS Securities International Co., Ltd.).
Company:       Vistra Fund Services (acquired by Maples Fund Services in 09/2014).
Department: Cayman Fund Setup, Valuation and Client Servicing.
Position:          Senior Fund Accountant – Client Servicing and Fund Accounting.
Position:          Flight Attendant – Inflight Services Department.
Review/prepare daily profit & loss, fund return, fund accounting, financing and margin.
Coordinate with stakeholders for official monthly valuation and annual audit.
Liaise with internal and external parties to solve daily operation issues.
Review OTC termsheets, ISDA agreements, counterparty service level agreements, Fund documents.
System support/testing (Eze OMS, Geneva) and investment master setup.
Improve daily operation efficiency by automation (e.g. VBA macro) and reorganization.
New fund launch, fund restructure, HKTR OTC reporting, system interface/enhancement, new systems/vendors selection.
Bonds, Equity, Futures, OTC derivatives e.g. Equity/ Index/ FX Options & Swap, ASCOTs, TRS, CDS, IRS, Forward FX.
Assets Management (Hedge Funds, Fund of Funds, Private Equity Funds).
Review KYC documents and perform due diligent for new investor.
Coordinate bank account opening and new fund set-up with clients and stakeholders.
Verify the fair value of investments (Equities, Derivatives and OTC products).
Review the valuations for the funds and prepare financial statements.
Meeting with clients to enhance workflows and improve service quality.
Meeting with potential clients and discuss the fund on-boarding procedures.
Prepare Fund Annual Review and monthly report to management.
Coordinate the departments in different countries to ensure workflows efficiency.
Assets Management (Hedge Funds, Fund of Funds and Private Equity Funds).
Verify the fair value of investments (Equities, Derivatives and OTC products).
Review the valuations for the funds and prepare financial statements.
- Follow up settlement issues with custodian, prime brokers and clients.
Answer ad-hoc inquires, discuss any fund level issues with clients frequently.
Meeting with client to enhance the fund launch, workflow and improve service quality.
Prepare Fund Annual Review to ensure the procedures are in compliance with the.
Coordinate with different departments to ensure efficient workflows.
Analyse monthly staff cost and discuss the result with related departments for any issues and recommendation.
Work with the HR and IT department to ensure the system and the company.
Perform Reconciliation of employee loan, bank statements and salary accruals.
Monitor bank accounts and request funding from Treasury Department.
Prepare annual financial statements with the management accounting team.
Prepare and check annual returns, termination notice and new hire notice to IRD.
Create formulas of company loan, bonus and special payment in PeopleSoft.
Provide assistance in PeopleSoft payroll system configuration, enhancements, rules and functional support to users.Address: 1/F Kam Sing Building 1227 Canton Road Mongkok Kowloon Hong Kong Email: tabohohou@hotmail.com Phone: +(852) 9729 0610.
Emphasis in CFA, CAIA, FRM curriculums and practical skills in investment management.
Develop expertise in communication such as agencies specializing in advertising, public relations, and direct marketing along with the media and communication technology industries.
Associate of business Administration (Financial services).
Emphasis in concept of financial services which help us pursue further studies in finance ore business related program.
Harvest Global Investments Limited               September 2015 - Present.
Harvest Global Capital Investments Limited (Alternative Investments).
Our firm has SFC authorized long equity and fixed income funds, QFII & RQFII China product, Cayman domiciled private fund, UCITS funds, Harvest ETFs and Deutsche X-Trackers ETF in Luxemburg and US.
Oversee the operation support team in Beijing for various fund administration functions including trade support, settlement, NAV calculation, performance fee calculation, reconciliation, performance attribution reporting etc.
Provide cash management support to the portfolio manager including FX and fee deduction etc.
Provide client service to the Institutional clients & high net worth clients.
Liaise with different service vendors including auditors, custodians, trustees, fund administrators, prime brokers. -  Monitor the KPI of each service vendor and conduct DDQ & service review with them.
Ensure the client on-boarding / KYC and AML processes are consistent to regulatory & company requirement.
Coordinate with all internal and external parties for the different initiatives such as China & Swiss MRF scheme, Fund re-domiciliation, Trading system enhancement, broker scoring, soft dollar system etc.
Meeting with the client and work closely with product team for the new product launch.
Formulate operation procedures and control policies on investor data, pricing variances etc. in order to minimize the operation risk and market risk.
Work closely with compliance team to setup and test the investment restriction rules in front desk trading system.
Work closely with IT support Team to build system alert for different products such as leverage limit & Quota  -  Maintain the front desk trading system such as Bloomberg AIMS -  Maintain the index list for portfolio rebalancing.
Coordinate with clients and IT support team to enhance the file interface for better operation efficiency.
The subsidiary focuses on alternative investments such as Note Issuance, holding client’s asset etc.    -  Meeting with the sales Team and clients to understand their requirement.
Placing the order for the high net worth client and book the trade record in Bloomberg.
Establish the control policy to govern the operation activities and address to the SFC requirement -  Liaise with different service vendors for alternative investment products.
Assistant manager, Transfer Agency, HSBC Fund Services,         December 2014 – September 2015   Rebuild and manage the TA Team for Value Partners.
Participate in reengineering on the processing flow to fulfill the SLA with Value Partners Ltd   Engage in VP fund migration project to GZ.
Investor database review & prepare FATCA reporting to the Value Partners.
Officer, Transfer Agency, HSBC Fund Services                    April 2013 – November 1014.
Act as primary contact for daily operation of ETFs and mutual funds on aspects of Transfer Agency   Responsible account including Blackrock, CSOP, Credit Suisse, AXA Rosenberg etc.
Conduct Customer Due Diligence on behalf of the fund during account opening & periodic review.   Participate in new fund launching including documentation review, system setting, hot money testing    Participate in system UAT including Flexcube, AWD, ETF Platform etc.
Engage in service level agreement review for each fund and ensure that can be met.
Engage in fund migration project such as process investigation, staff training etc.
Senior Fund Administrator, Transfer Agency, HSBC Fund Services                    April 2012 – March 2013.
Conduct Customer due diligence on participating dealer & Institutional client.
Carry out investor registration and monitor their transaction record.
Liaise with compliance and legal regarding PEP transaction and exceptional trade.
Prepare relevant report for the service review with fund manager meeting.
Engage in ad hoc project including AXA Compensation, Fraud case investigation.
Fund Administrator, Transfer Agency, HSBC Fund Services                       March 2011 – March 2012.
Provide day to day administration of fund and respond to every inquiry made by both institutional and retail client.
Prepare relevant documents to investor and report any suspected issue to the fund manager.
Conduct Customer due diligence on individual and corporate investor. Ensure their documents are verified and met properly according to AMLO from HKMA & HSBC Group standard.
Monitor the investment which is strictly followed with the internal compliance policy. Minimize the risk of any fraud case induced.
Maintain daily reconciliation between the fund record and our record.
Provide and file the confirmations and statements to or from the internal and external auditor.
Review the procedure in operation memorandum during new fund setting.
Monitor the liquidation of fund when the funds are declared to be terminated.
Carry out an actual processing of investment instructions from relationship manager. The products are included foreign security in different listed market, private placement linked with local security, qualified domestic institutional investor product, US treasury bond etc.
Prepare relevant report to different parties e.g. Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
Monitor every investment instructions with different foreign broker. Ensure that the transaction or payment is completed properly.
Perform cash reconciliation with book statement which is requested by financial control department.
Compute the custodian fee for QDII and the dividend amount paid by each QDII.
Participated in Half marathon in 2011 and finished in 2 hours 16 mins.
President of 15th Judo Club in City University of Hong Kong                            2005 – 2006.
Coordinated with other Judo Clubs from other universities to setup the judo competition.
Work closely with Hong Kong Kowloon Judo club to organize external Judo trainings for members.November 2006 to January 2017 Raiffeisen Bank International, Beijing Branch.
Loan administrations, including checking transaction background, keep track of the transaction procedure, including monitor conditions precedent and condition subsequent. Monitor utilization of country limit, and collaterals against utilization.
Maintain corporate customers information, including on-boarding, on-going and off-boarding together with RM and Credit Documentation Team.
Monitor account balance together with Customer Service Team.
Make regular reports to local authorities, including CBRC, PBOC, SAFE and Statistical Bureau.
Maintain good relationship and smooth workflow among other Departments, including Marketing and Operation Division.
Assist Relationship Manager to choose proper bank product to meet new and potential requirement from the clients.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
2004/8-2006/10    ICBC Beijing Branch, Xinjiekou and Xikezhan Sub-branch.
On-boarding materials checking and monitoring, including L/C issuance and T/T payment, trade finance and other business. Follow up necessary approval from local Credit Committee.
Monitor accuracy and efficiency of Settlement work of sub-sub-branches and give some compliance and policies support.
Maintain customers, KYC, client Due-Diligence and introduce bank FCY products together with Corporate Relationship Manager.
Training AML-related procedure and policies to related clerks of all sub-subbranches.
Make foreign currency business reports required by the local authorities.
International balance of payment declaration in BOP system.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
2003/08-2004/07 ICBC Beijing Branch, Xinjiekou Sub-Sub-branch.
Make foreign currency business reports required by the local authorities to the higher branch.
International balance of payment declaration to the higher branch.
1999.9—2003.7   Beijing Second Foreign Langrages University.
More than 13 years solid experience in banking area, including 3 years’ experience in domestic bank and over 10 years’ experience in foreign bank. Sound business knowledge, including but not limited to international practice of UCP600, regular polices of trade finance, working capital loans and other international business product. Always be resultoriented, organized and detail-conscious to the job, be good at co-operation with other team members, be able to work under pressure and have open mind to new knowledge in different areas.Chartered Accountant- qualified in 2016; passed all papers on first attempt.
Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants (MICPA)                                                     2013-2016.
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)- qualified in 2016; Winner of The Most Outstanding CPA Award 2015.
Monash University, Melbourne, Australia (Bachelor of Commerce- Honours in Accounting)                                                            2012.
Achieved First Class Honours; placed on the Dean’s Honours List.
Lead author, “Principles-based versus rules-based auditing standards: The effect of the transition from AS2 to AS5”, International Journal of Auditing [P], vol 19, issue 3.
University of Melbourne, Australia (Bachelor of Commerce- Accounting and Finance)                                                              2009-2011.
Achieved First Class Honours; placed in the top 5 for Corporate Finance subject.
Taylor’s University College, Malaysia (South Australian Certificate of Education- SACE)                                                            2007-2008.
Attained a Tertiary Entrance Rank (TER) of 99.40 with A’s in all subjects.
Awarded Certificate of Merit by the SACE Board for achieving a perfect score in Economics.
Ernst & Young, Senior Consultant, Financial Services Transaction Advisory Services, Singapore                                                   Nov 2016-Present.
Buy-side financial due diligence on the proposed investment in a fund management group in Singapore by an insurance services provider.
Buy-side financial due diligence on the proposed investment in a Philippines-based bank by a Private Equity group.
Seller assistance on the sale of the NAB’s Private Wealth Asia business in Singapore, Hong Kong and Japan.
Buy-side financial due diligence on the proposed acquisition of the private banking business of ABN AMRO Private Banking Asia by a Swiss private banking group.
Tasks performed in financial due diligence work include but not limited to:.
Analysed the profitability of loan portfolio including loan amortization profile using data analytics tool- Spotfire.
Evaluated the deposit profile by deposit size, maturity profile and customer stickiness; analysed the overall financials including key KPIs and performed customer analysis.
Analysed financials with emphasis on earnings trends and key business drivers, working capital requirements and net debt.
Coordinated the Q&A process and collated information from different due diligence workstreams, prepared and managed databook, contributed to storyboarding. Led discussions with client on several issues identified relating to quality of data and inaccurate presentation of management information in Information Memorandum.
Prepare client pitches and proposal decks and initial discussion documents that demonstrates the firm’s capabilities and understanding of the market and industry. Conduct research and contribute to strategic business development campaigns.
Received above average year-end rating due to exemplary performance in FY2016.
Achieved the highest rating of 5 from Lead Partner in TAS Singapore office for leading a complex proposal valued at USD$2mil (S$2.8mil) involving tight timeline and coordination across multiple work streams across various countries.
Received positive feedback from a key client, lead manager in the M&A division for work performed.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Assistant Manager, Financial Services Assurance, Malaysia                                                       Mar 2013-Oct 2016.
Buy-side financial due diligence service on a proposed acquisition of a foreign Islamic Bank based in Malaysia by a leading financial services provider in Malaysia.
Performed individual impairment assessment including forecasted cash flow assessment and collective impairment assessment including PD and LGD rates applied, reasonableness of model risk adjustments and compliance with Central Bank’s Regulatory Reserve requirement of 1.2% of total outstanding loan balances.
Assessed the funding mix of the Target including deposit concentration analysis, cost of funding analysis and CASA ratios comparison against peer banks.
Coordinated the Q&A process; key point of contact to client; senior-in-charge in guiding a team of four.
Led the review of the accounting implication of core banking system conversion of a large commercial bank and recommended solutions on over RM50mil (S$16mil) net debit conversion balance arising from the conversion.
Provided technical accounting advice and developed SOP to implement the transformation of the Malaysian Federal Government’s accounting practices from cash to accrual accounting relating to financial assets and liabilities.
Led multiple statutory audit engagements mainly for clients in the banking industry including publicly listed financial services group of up to RM56bn (S$18bn) in assets.
Fast tracked to early promotion twice in December 2014 (Associate to Senior Associate) and July 2016 (Senior Associate to Assistant Manager) due to exemplary performance.
Ranked top 3 in annual appraisal among peers; and praised for the ability to lead a group of 10 with a majority of inexperienced staff to meet tight deadlines.
Received 10/10 feedback from a key client, Head of Group Consumer Risk due to significant contribution in improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Bank’s credit risk and impairment assessment process.To work in a dynamic and challenging organization where efficiencies and diligence are shown through my skills, knowledge, ability and hard work and to provide benefit to the goal achievement.
Responsible for portfolio of cash settlements activities, which includes management of daily unapplied cash received at the bank accounts.
Investigate breaks to protect the integrity of firm’s book ands records.
Identify risks associated with cash settlements in a real time environment.
Actively liaising with business units to ensure timely reconciliations, identify error trends.
Communicate and escalate issues with both internal and external parties, including agent banks.
Responsible for monitoring and screening of outgoing payments and receipts that are held for Sanctions, payments held for Credit High Risk and Treasury High Risk.
Liaise and work closely with Compliance/AML team and credit team to ensure payments can be released within cut off time.
Engage in work flow improvement and process improvement plans.
Part of Global STP working group where monthly discussions are in place concerning process improvements and business units engagement.
Investment Company of People’s Republic of China (Singapore) Pte Ltd    Apr 2012-.
A Subsidiary of State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE).
Reconciliation of daily cash/nostro balances and liaises with custodian banks.
Assist in the operations and settlements of securities, foreign exchanges and money market.
Performs accurate and timely processing of treasury settlements in G3 and emerging markets.
Prepares and modify payments and instructions via SWIFT massages to brokers.
Matching of pre-confirmations of all trades and liaise with counterparties in events of no-receipts and discrepancy of trade confirmations.
Monitoring of income such as coupon receivable, repo coupon claims, early redemption and pay down.
Liaise with brokers, custodians and counter-parties relating to settlement issues especially with regard to failed trades.
Maintenance of in-house system, MIDAS, for counter-parties, securities and settlement instructions and daily spot and forward rates.
Led an team of 20 in planning and organizing an annual handball competition.
Led team to develop and execute teambuilding activities for 20 members.
Organize training camps, friendly matches, and major school events.
Achieved SAJC Colours Award in recognition of my leadership abilities.September 2014 - Present Senior Middle Officer (AI) – Amundi Asset Management Paris.
Daily cash management involve asset and liabilities exposure cover via forex.
Coordinating with relevant teams to ensure a smooth on fund creation as per PM request.
Communicate and work through operational and business issues with internal groups including various teams within Investment Administration, Portfolio Management, Trading, Legal, Compliance, Global Securities Services, and Performance.
Administer client account openings, closings, transitions, and custodian bank changes.
Control, follow up and resolve any operational issues between Custodians, Funds Managers and Accountants.
Responsible to identify and resolve problems and carry out the required escalation process, as well as being the point of escalation for any team issues.
2008 – August 2014 International Client Servicing/relationship officer - Amundi Asset Management Paris.
Handle client enquiries on operations and administration, compliance, performance reporting and liaise with the appropriate teams to obtain required information.
Co-ordinate business and support functions across Amundi to provide the best available solution to clients within the tight timeframe. Maintaining and building relationship with clients and consultants by attending meetings and various seminars and events.
Ensuring all business required documentations in place including Agreements and KYC.
Co-ordination and oversight of the processes for new account set up, cash inflow/outflows, guideline changes across all departments.
Compilation, oversight, quality control and issuance of client reports.
Assist sales team starting from the RFP stage, IMA negotiation and on-going relationship maintenance to deliver best service that meet the client’s expectation.
Working with Legal, Operations, Compliance, Portfolio Management Group in reviewing IMAs and RFPs.
Close liaison with operations and custodian to monitor overdrafts, interest claims and other operational items.
2005 – 2008 Senior Middle officer – Amundi Asset Management Paris.
Control, follow up and resolve issues between Custodian, Funds Manager and the Accountants.
Produce client files and reporting to ensure timely delivery.
Responsible to identify and resolve problems and carry out the required escalation process, as well as being the point of escalation for any team issues.
2004- 2005 Account Officer on Derivatives, Options and Futures - CACEIS Luxembourg.
Handling the integration, control and trades matching concerning derivatives.
Updating and adjusting the cash and the collateral securities positions between clients, clearing agents and account departments.
2002- 2004 Fund Administrator on securities (Emerging and Foreign Markets) - Credit Agricole SA Paris.
Daily update between Front office, back office and counterparties positions.
In charge of the settlement department on CITIBANK system (for Emerging market) and with SWIFT ALLIANCE system (for European, American and Asian markets) on SECURITIES and BONDS transactions between clients, front office, middle office and custodians.
In charge of STOCK LENDING and BORROWING department at the Caisse Nationale du Crédit Agricole (CNCA).
2001 – 2002 Back-Office Officer on Futures and Options/Derivatives - Société Générale, Paris.
Daily update between front office, back office and counterparties positions.
Identifying and resolution of problems related to flow integration and update of GMI.
1999 – 2000 Stock broker on American and European future markets (all products, commodities included) - Cargill International Services, Paris.
Assisting clients to manage their accounts, using fundamental and technical analysis.
Instructing the client’s orders on futures markets (European and American).
1998 – 1999 Stock broker, on American future markets (all Futures and Derivaties products, commodities included) - Refco International Paris.
Fundamental analysis of economic data for the management and the trade of a book on all future products: index, rates, currencies and commodities.
Operational user on Globex trading, NSC-Euronext, Eurex trading and Liffe Connect.
Thesis: "Japanese financial and Banking Structures" under the direction of Thierry Guile, Senior stock broker at Raymond James International (Paris).
Fluent in French and English and beginner spoken Cantonese (native local language- Wenzhounese).Jul 2012  Certified Public Accountant  Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Dec 2012  BA (Hons) in Accounting  The Open University of Hong Kong.
Jul 2004  Diploma in Accountancy  The Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education.
(perform statutory audit including planning the audit, prepare audit working papers, auditors’ report plus tax computation; clients including refinery and trading of precious metals, cargo forwarding agent and logistics services, medical consultancy services, manufacturing and sale of pharmaceutical products, cross-media communication and magazine publishers, and securities company).
Knowledge in Bloomberg, Microsoft Office and accounting software (Flex, MYOB and QuickBook).
I wanted to move on and join you to develop the success of our future.
Operations Officer @ Simplex Asset Management (HK) Co. Ltd. <an independent hedge fund and investment management firm in Japan, the holding company is listed on Tokyo Pro Market of TSE, HK office have also obtained corporate license and regulated by SFC of HK>.
(monitor and support daily operations, products covering equity/fixed income/structured products/derivatives; maintain trade record/wire transfer/corporate action/settlement/liaise with counterparties/brokerage account opening/in-house system improvement; responsible for NAV calculation, review the audited F/S of funds, produce weekly and monthly risk reports of funds, implement effective internal control; maintain investor’s subscriptions and redemptions, merely touched on AML/CFT and CRS/FATCA).A dedicated professional with education in accounting and finance. Highly disciplined and organized, experienced in multi-tasking with demonstrated ability to work under pressure with set deadlines. Willing to learn and take on challenges. CPAA Qualified, completed the CPA program at first attempt, solid knowledge of accounting standards and the financial market. A hardworking  team player with excellent communication skills, fluent speaking in English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
CPA Program  (Qualified, Completed at first attempt)                 2008 - 2010.
Victorian Certificate of Education, VCE (Yr 9-12)                         2001 - 2004.
BOB Scotia International Asset Management Company Limited.
- In charge of client account opening process and client account maintenance.
- Set up operation procedure, guideline and trading channel.
- Liaise with broker and custodian to ensure all daily operation issues such as trade discrepancies and settlement issues are resolved promptly.
- Liaise with internal/external parties for client funding issue.
- Participate in new products and system development projects such as QFII and Stock Connect.
- Prepare client monthly statement, cash rebate report to client.
-Undertake preparatory work, transaction processing, and control and reconciliation task.
- Supervise and manage an offshore team based in India to support OTC derivative settlement for APAC markets.
- Provide support and advice to front office and middle office staff.
-Interface with internal and external clients to provide operational and administrative support if needed.
- Perform risk management including performing regular risk review, coordinating with Risk Control Department for internal risk testing etc.
- Participate in projects on enhancing risk awareness and improving efficiency.
- Responsible for the administration of investment portfolio.
Such as security pricing, corporate action, cash reconciliation, stock position reconciliation,   tax reclaims, custodian fee calculation, capital injection\withdrawal checking.
- Calculate FX collateral risk exposure and collateral exchange.
-  Prepare portfolio valuation and other financial and management reports.
Such as Realised PL, Unrealised PL, Money market (Bills & MMD) PL etc.
- Prepare Performance Measurement and Performance Attribution report.
-Provide attribution analysis to portfolio manager to explain the alpha i.e difference between the return of portfolio and the index.
- Collaborate with internal index team to assist in the research and resolution of index discrepancy.
- Maintain a good relationship and work collaboratively with other teams, custodian and Beijing headquarter office.
-    Process daily creation & redemption trades from participating brokers.
-     Handle daily client and investment manager inquiries and perform cash management.
-    Maintain book of accounts and reconcile records for portfolio holding and cash position.
-   Investigate failed/ unmatched trades and resolve discrepancies.
Prepare monthly accounting analysis schedules and follow up the reconciliation items.
Perform monthly P&L reconciliation and B/S substantiation.
Contribute in operation migration as well as system enhancement projects.
-     Determining the appropriate accounting treatment, and make accounting adjustments.
-     Bank/ ledger reconciliation and balance sheet substantiation, investigate discrepancies.
Microsoft office: Excel (Pivot table, Sumif, Vlookup etc), Words, Powerpoint.Weizhong has 5 years of investment operations experience with Citigroup Global Markets Singapore (Citi Wealth Advisors) where he has built up a strong foundation in investment operation processes. He has also accumulated extensive knowledge in various asset classes including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange, options, and futures. Responsible for a range of operational functions including trade booking/settlement/reconciliation, collateral monitoring, credit monitoring, account maintenance, tax document processing, funds/asset transfer, corporate actions processing, external fund manager account processing, alternative investment processing, he is constantly driving process improvements to streamline work processes and enhance productivity. Proficient in both English and Mandarin, he has demonstrated ability to work with people of various levels, regions, and time zones, both internally and externally, often within tight deadlines to resolve work related issues. Weizhong is currently exploring other opportunities where he can build on his prior experiences to add value to his new firm.
Citigroup Global Markets Singapore (Citi Wealth Advisors).
Managing all operational aspects of accounts to be managed by external fund managers including conversion and subsequent account maintenance, processing termination and liquidation requests, processing incoming/outgoing account transfer from/to another brokerage with similar fund manager relationship.
Working with investment manager research team and due diligence team to communicate to front office the identification of external fund manager that will be terminated due to poor performance and to switch to another recommended manager with similar investment strategies, and to perform the necessary transition activities.
Trade processing (booking/correction/reconciliation) for multiple markets/products (Equities, Fixed Income) in custodian system.
Liaising with custodian (Pershing) and counterparties to facilitate timely trade settlements (Equities, Fixed Income).
Liaising with trading desk and counterparties to resolve trade discrepancies timely and avoid break and fail trade.
Liaising with Front and Back offices to process corporate actions events timely including optional dividend, tender offer, exchange offer, rights subscription, merger & acquisition.
Collateral monitoring and issuing of margin call (fed/house/exchange) notices to front office as part of the collateral monitoring unit, and daily management margin reporting.
Calculating margin requirements and collecting funds due to cover fed calls, house calls and exchange calls within acceptable timeframe.
Working with Bankers to devise regularization options to propose to clients, which may include liquidation of assets, funds transfer, and assets transfer.
Bringing margin accounts into legal compliance when violations have occurred.
Performing impact analysis for accounts affected by higher house requirements due to concentration rules or security's credit review.
Liaising with front office and credit team to determine the appropriate loan value (LV) for non-US equities/fixed income using approved methodologies.
Performing business-level cross border credit review based on specific list of countries to ensure total credit exposures are within allocated business's credit limit.
Performing credit monitoring of accounts to ensure all are within default trading limit and liaise with front office to obtain credit approval for accounts in breach, subsequently monitor for annual renewal.
Managing all operational aspects of alternative investments (Hedge Funds/Private Equity/Real Estate) including processing subscription and redemption requests, issuing of capital calls and distribution notices to front office, account maintenance including update of quarterly fund valuations.
Processing fund/asset transfers according to bank's policies/procedures and regulatory requirements.
Processing tax documents such as W8 and W9 to ensure accounts are certified in a timely manner and reverse any tax withholding.
Participating in initiatives to drive process improvements within functional areas, such as utilizing excel macros to automate repetitive tasks.A dedicated professional holding both CFA and CA qualifications with a wide-ranging skillset that includes financial analysis, financial modelling and building projection models. Possesses over 9 years of experience in financial modelling, bid evaluations, financial due diligence, management accounting, audit, IPO valuations, financial reporting valuations, project finance and simulation modelling projects. Dynamic and adaptable, with the ability to leverage on technical proficiency in VBA to overcome financial modelling challenges. Knowledgeable in data visualization software (i.e. Spotfire and Tableau) for constructing dashboards. Proficient in the usage of Python and Alteryx for data extraction and data wrangling.
Building and supporting complex financial models for valuation, project financing, financial projections and investment evaluation by working actively with investors, financiers, senior management and government regulators.
Conducting financial analysis for bid evaluation, valuation and investment evaluation purposes.
Performing data visualizations and other analysis on financial and operational data to identify and model data patterns.
Conducting financial reporting valuation (i.e. intangible asset valuations, purchase price allocations, etc.) and IPO valuations.
Engaging in business development work to external and internal clients to generate and close leads.
Supporting negotiation services and providing financial due diligence for more than 20 cross-border and local transaction deals across various industries.
Providing financial due diligence insights for deal completion phase, based on classical approach (i.e. completion accounts) and “Locked Box” approach.
Researching into technical accounting issues, and evaluating impact on transaction value and structuring.
Managing and preparing deliverables including Excel data book analysis, reports, presentations and discussion packs to effectively communicate financial due diligence insights to clients.
Auditing companies within various industries, including insurance, brokerages, manufacturing and oilfield services equipment.
Ascertaining that the client’s accounts are prepared in accordance with current accounting standards.
Analyzing financial statements to pinpoint possible areas where instances of errors or fraud could occur, and designing audit procedures to expose such instances.
Preparing PowerPoint presentations for senior management on the region’s financial performance.
Assessing that the operating entities’ accounting policies comply with IFRS accounting standards.
Conducting site visits to overseas offices and assisting on financial reporting issues.
Preparing automated Excel workbooks and briefing papers for assessing the financial performances of the operating entity every month.
ModelOff 2016: Round 1 (Overall – Top 10%); Round 2 (Overall – Top 50%).
Student Researcher, Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, 2005-2006.
Financial Controller, Chinese Orchestra, Nanyang Technological University, 2005-2006.
NTU-NTC Business Plan Competition (Finalist), Nanyang Technical University, 2004.
Salvation Army Volunteer (technician: computer repair), 2004.
Valuation and Business Modelling, Ernst & Young Solutions LLP, Singapore.
Transaction Support, Ernst & Young Solutions LLP, Singapore.
Regular Member, Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, ISCA (2007-Present).
Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Spotfire, Tableau, Alteryx, Thomson One, Capital IQ, Amazon Web Services.
Reading, Investing, Playing the Cello, Programming, Billiards.Manage a team of six senior analysts and analysts, work with Sydney Performance team in the coordination of deliverables.
Act as client service manager and provide excellent service support to Australian and Chinese hedge fund clients.
Manage all financial and security data integrity within the internal portfolio management system and order management system.
Ensure team’s delivery of daily trade management services to within SLA requirements.
Manage and monitor listed and unlisted securities through the trade cycle include trade booking, data enrichment and settlement process.
Manage and contribute to the daily delivery of position, GAV, NAV and P&L reporting.
Liaise directly with various counterparties such as investment managers, brokers and custodians in relation to trading activity and reconciliation breaks.
Review of month end P+L, NAV and reconciliation reports. Review of swap resets, exposure and other ad-hoc reporting as required.
Answer trade, corporate action, valuation and other requests from all parties to the trade cycle.
Local custody client and global custody client Implementation Planning and co-ordination.
Assisting  the sales team with the handover of new clients to BAU activities.
Account opening SME’s and face to face client contact for all Account Opening related issues.
Execution and signing of all client related account opening and tax forms for our POA clients.
SENIOR INVESTMENT OPERATION OFFICER – Middle Office(Contract).
Maintain security and financial data integrity for transition.
Provide Middle office support for Front office transition management team.
Liaise with counterparties on trade settlement and clearing issues.
Develop test cases and conduct UAT testing for new order management system.
Follow up and resolve relevant pricing queries from front office and internal teams.
Liaison with front office in terms of security data set up and security pricing.
Colonial First State Global Asset Management – Fund Manager.
Generate daily exposure, cash forecast and portfolio valuation (NAV) report for front office.
Reconcile trading positions between front office trading platform and back office ledgerG systems.
Monitor data exceptions and failed trades between Charlesriver and Hiportfolio.
Process FX trades in FXAll. Monitor outgoing SWIFT messages to counterparties and custodians.
Liaison with dealers, portfolio managers and counterparties for daily FX settlement.
Act as a contact point for Colonial back office and front office – resolve day to day trade related queries.
Generate daily and monthly performance report for resource funds - amend strategy and industry classifications.
Schroders Investment Management Australia Ltd – Fund Manager.
Daily derivative (Swaps, Futures, Options) processing, monitoring and reconciliations.
Pricing of equities, placement, currency options, bonds , futures.
Assist in rollout of the new portfolio analysis and reporting system.
Trade processing and confirmation: SIMAL and discrete client contributions and withdrawals; currency forwards, derivative, short term securities, debt, cash, unit trust and cross trained in equity securities processing.
Liaison with dealers/custodians/brokers for daily settlements and instructions.
Adhere to best practice standards, internal and external cut-off times and maintain a compliance awareness of both Schroders compliance policies and market regulations.
Maintain procedural documentation and make suggestions on how procedures and information flows could be improved.
FIXED INTEREST SETTTLEMENT OFFICER/ DATA ANALYST , MIDDLE OFFICE (Contract).
Analyze static data to be used in the new treasury management.
Process domestic and international futures – treasury bonds,.
Monitor failed trades using NZ Austraclear and Infinity system.
Process treasury bills, FRNs and bond deals into Infinity system.
Liaise with brokers, dealers, treasury accounting team to ensure.
Forecast next day bond/repo positions for the trader/dealer.
SUPERVISOR/ SENIOR ADMINISTRATOR, TRADE SUPPORT, MIDDLE OFFICE.
Process international and domestic equity trades through OASYS, Hi-port, GEMINI , ALERT & BEAMS.
Entry and instruction of corporate actions – dividends, bonus issues, IPOS and placements with the use of Bloomberg and Hiport.
Entry and instruction of FX deals with the use of SWIFT messaging and Hiport.
Daily cash, futures and stock reconciliation between custodian report and in-house system (Hiport).
Process fixed interest coupons, maturities , repos and futures.
Monitor all failed trades and SWIFT messages using FS Manager or Braid.
Constant liaison with custodians, brokers, dealers and back office investment accounting, security pricing and registry teams.
Run security pricing process and uploading yields into Hiport.
Processing of client registry data via RCP to produce Interfunding,  Cash Flows / Cash Forecasts, Banking and Internal Registry Data.
Timely investigation and response to queries from both Clients and Internal Departments.
Daily monitoring, investigation, reporting and escalation of  overdrafts via the Daily Overdraft Report.
Work as part of the Cashflows Team to ensure that minimum Delivery Deadlines and Accuracy Standards as detailed Client Service Level Agreements and Business Scorecards/Objectives are met.
Active participation in JPMorgan Performance Management and Staff development programs.
Under the direction of senior Cash & FX staff, maintain and update Standard Operating Procedures.
Assisting in process improvement projects – enhancing existing macros and template using MS Excel and MS Access.
Performing user acceptance testing (UAT) in new and revised projects.
Analyzing daily task workflow with object oriented analysis techniques.
Assisting business analyst and relationship manager in delivery of risk analysis, client account, investor holdings and adviser reports.
Processing domestic bonds, international bonds and domestic warrants interest and redemption payments.
Generating up-to-date reports that reflect current registry status.
Maintaining up to date registers by receiving, sorting, validating, batching and receipting for banking and data processing. .
Generating interest calculation report to clients, generates and prints itemised payment listings and dispatches cheques if required.
Processing new issues and issuing new certificates with the use of term sheet and pricing supplement.
Preparing daily cash statement fund to managers and clients.
Preparing forecast cash statement to fund managers and clients for investment and pricing purposes.
Processing all equity trades, foreign exchange and 11AM instructions.
Effective management of cash balances to ensure portfolio achieves maximum return.
Effective use of Banking Packages to execute transition of cash as client instructed e.g. Westpac Deskbank.
Advising fund manager of all equity settlement and corporate action information and solve problems related to dividends, coupon interests, distribution, equities trades, off the market trades, etc.
Maintaining the cash account for the client on a daily basis. Take appropriate actions to correct overdrawn accounts.
Reconciling securities and cash movement from our in-house accounting system to the client report. In addition, reconciling between client report to the bank statement.
Transitions between international foreign currency account/s to domestic account/s.
Transitions between old custodian account/s to new custodian accounts – due to change of custodianship.
Charles River, Bloomberg, SWIFT, OASYS CTM/Global , Simcorp Dimension , Portia , Hi- Portfolio, Exigo, Austraclear NZ, SmartStream (SSR), COSMIC, Uptix, Titan,  Unishare, Citidirect, and other banking systems, RITS, Wallstreet.Bachelor of Accountancy (Second Upper Class Honours)                    Aug 09 – Jul 12.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  CGPA: 4.16/5.0.
Attended courses from diverse faculties such as business, accounting, archaeology and primatology.
Interacted and participated in group projects with students from various cultures such as Hong Kong, Australia and Canada.
Understand funding requirements, conduct market research, undertake detailed feasibility studies and analyse investment risks   Preparation and review of transaction legal documentation including loan documents and security documents.
Ensure investee compliance to regulations and covenants and monitor operational and financial performance.
Audit Senior Associate in Diversified Industries Department.
Team-in-charge for audit projects responsible for planning audit scope and leading the execution of audit work from start to end.
Identify and analyse relationships between financial and non-financial data to develop effective audit procedures.
Review key business processes to identify performance improvement opportunities for clients.
Develop good client relationships to ensure deliverables are completed on time and within budget.
Diversified experience in audit of different client type and industries such as:.
Government bodies, SGX listed companies, Multinational Companies.
 Consistent Highly Effective Performance (Above average) appraisal rating for 3 years.
Manage cash through cheque issuance and applying credit advices.
Prepare Global Netting System Discrepancy Report to de-conflict AR and AP with affiliate companies.
Hall of Residence 10, 17th Junior Common Room Committee    Oct 10 – Sep 11.
Managed 70 subcommittee members to promote the games in hall and ensure that welfare of recreational players are met.
Supervise training sessions and represent hall’s recreational games interest during Inter Hall Recreational Games.
 Planning and allocation of finance budget and processing of invoices.
National Cadet Corps, Anderson Secondary School                      Jan 01 – Jun 04.
 Mentored the Secondary 2 platoon in drills and physical trainings.
Oversaw the running of major schools events like Speech Day by providing audio and technical support.
Conducted weekly trainings to maintain the technical competencies of members and maintenance of equipment.
 Awarded KPMG Service Excellence Team Award (Merit) for two key clients.
 Awarded Outstanding Performance Rating for National Service.
 Awarded Excellent Academic Award with 3 Distinctions for GCE ‘A’ Level.
 Awarded the School Colours Award (Silver) for outstanding performance in CCA.
IT Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access), Basic SAP, Oracle, MYOB, QuickBooks.A well rounded hedge fund operations professional with close to 10 years of progressive experience within the Fund/Asset Management Industry, with exposure to Investor/Client Relations and expertise in Investment Operations, Middle/Back Office, Fund Administration, Fund Accounting, Net Asset Valuation and Net Liquidation. Sound knowledge and hands on experience in trade processing, cash/margin management, settlements and reconciliations on positions, cash and P&L. Strong product exposure on equity, derivatives, fixed income, swaps, FX, NDFs and structured products. Closely liaise with senior management, traders, portfolio managers, investors, regulators, auditors, legal counsels, corporate secretary, custodians, prime brokers and back office.
A self-reliant energetic individual as well as a cohesive team player with effective leadership in managing various parties, communication, decision making, problem solving and interpersonal skills, together with a focused direction and results-driven attitude.
Responsible for managing the operations and valuations of Long/Short equity Hedge Fund by managing outsourced service providers such as Fund Administrator, Prime Brokers, Auditors, Custodian, Brokers and corporate secretary, legal counterparties etc.  Participating in ad hoc projects relating to operations efficiency improvement in addition to investor relations, portfolio support to the fund managers, risk reporting and liaising with compliance.
Successfully improved the operations process flow of daily operations (Maker/Checker flows).
Reviewed and implemented improvised version of  the portfolio set up in the PMS system.
Completed the automated the process flow of the operations (i.e trades sent to PBs and Fund Admin).
Successfully implemented the checking process of monthly NAV review/release of Fund Admin vs internal estimated NAV from PMS.
Successfully set up the portfolio attribution calculation procedures for marketing materials/support (i.e Portfolio Turnover Calculation/PnL per country/sector etc).
Point of contact for performance data contribution to various agencies (Eurekahedge/Mercer etc).
In charge of monthly/weekly reporting of portfolio data to external investors.
Successfully set up the estimated margin calculation process by each counter party (i.e PBs and Synthetic Brokers) / Monitoring Daily Margining.
Reviewing of PB fees periodically (Swap fees/interest etc.).
Daily review of internal PnL calculation and NAV  vs PMS system process.
Participation/Preparation in operational due diligence meetings with external investors.
Yearly service review of counter parties (i.e Fund Admin/Prime Brokers etc).
Negotiating and highlighting fee proposals on existing counterparties.
Coordinating and review on yearly financial audit process with external auditors.
Opening of broker accounts/Custodian accounts / FPI application/ Reviewing of broker documents.
Ad hoc projects participation/fund raising projects – i.e new fund launches (UCITS etc).
Establish strong working relationships with key stakeholders and external parties.
Maybank Asset Management Singapore Pte Ltd                    Nov 2010-April 2016.
*Joined Maybank Asset Management due to the integration of Akshayam Funds into Maybank Asset Management with the Akshayam Capital team.
Operations Manager/ AVP, Operations (Alternative Portfolios).
(Acted as a compliance officer for RFMC at Akshayam Capital from Nov 2010 till April 2014).
Responsible for managing the end to end operations and valuations of 2 alternative portfolios (Long Short equity & Fixed Income Macro strategies). Participating in ad hoc projects relating to operations efficiency improvement in addition to portfolio support to the fund managers, risk reporting, liaising with Prime Brokers, Custodian, Brokers, Fund Administrator, Auditors and other related parties for NAV generation and trade related issues as well investors and regulatory reportings.
Successful integration of Akshayam Funds into Maybank Asset Management platform.
Doing compatibility analysis on systems for internal funds valuation (i.e IMAGINE vs Bloomberg AIMS).
Managing an outsourced middle and back office provider for Fixed Income Fund.
Sound hands-on knowledge on NAV generation/valuation process/ exchanges & regulatory environment/ trade cycles across Asian markets (Fixed Income/Bonds/FX FWDs/NDFs/Cash Equities/Structured Products/P-notes/CFDs/Futures/Swaps/Stock Borrow etc.).
Liaising with Fund Admin Transfer Agency team on subscription/redemption/dealing etc and with investors if necessary on KYC documentation/ Keeping track of investors transactional activities.
Weekly/Monthly  NAV reconciliation with Fund Admin on official NAV reporting to investors (i.e checking of NAV prices for different class etc).
Computing trailer fees for distributors/Monitoring/calculation of fund performance fees (i.e above High Water Mark etc.).
Interacting with investors on fund performance figures on weekly/monthly basis.
Preparing/Reviewing  annual regulatory filing for BVI and Cayman authorities.
Keeping up to date with reporting requirements (i.e FACTCA implementation etc).
Handling yearly  Funds Audit  / Internal Audit and MAS Audit queries/ Annual Review with service providers/ Monthly finance reporting to the Maybank Group for the 2  Alternative portfolios.
Opening of broker accounts/ Reviewing documents in relation to new account set ups/ Regulatory market updates etc.
Performance/GAV and attribution analysis for the Akshayam Fund.
Daily NAV generation/Reconciliation of Positions & Cash/PnL/Running VAR/Exposure reports.
Trade support and handling middle office/back office settlements/Executing cash transfers by liaising with respective parties.
Handling/Covering margin calls as and when necessary and monitoring cash movements.
Liaising with custodians/brokers/prime brokers/internal parties for smooth flow of operations of the 2 Alternative Funds.
Acting as a operation back up for discretionary mandates and unit trusts.
Oversee middle office operations of an arbitrage trading firm, supporting the front office team (traders) with transfer requests across different exchanges, covering margin calls between various prime brokers/custodians and calculation of net liquidation report for firm’s holdings .
Providing trade support to traders with activities such as trade booking, generating confirmations, settlement queries and acting as a liaison between brokers/prime brokers/custodians.
Investigation of mismatches in positions, pricing issues, cash breaks with internal records vs Prime Brokers’/Clearing House/ Tracking of corporate actions (Rights/Bonus issues, Dividend).
Calculation of Net Liquidation (Asset valuation of the firm’s positions) on daily basiss.
Hands On exposure to variety of products such as CFD,ETFs, FOREX, Futures, NDFs, OTC, Equity, Commodities & Options.
Liaising closely with the Custodians/Prime Broker on issues related to pricing, cash bookings, corporate actions, margin calculations etc/ Covering margin calls and executing fund transfers as necessary.
Exposure to creation and redemption of stocks on different exchanges.
Improving on the performance of middle office procedures and processes.
Supervise daily fund operations for funds with asset under management ranging from 100 million to 1 billion while providing support to the investment team and liaising with respective counter parties for smooth operational process flow and trade cycle.
Investigating trade/price queries/issues arising from mismatch or new products/strategy.
Generation of Net Asset Valuation  (Pricing of the fund) on weekly/monthly basis.
Evaluate  portfolio reports reflecting fund’s exposure, positions, costs, market value, margin reports etc/ Improved  operational work flow of trade cycle.
Highlighting  margin requirements and funding margin calls with Custodians/PBs as and when required/ Exposure on structured products on equity and derivatives instruments.
Enhanced the performance and capabilities of internal software programme (MoneyWare Integra.
Responsible for smooth flow of operations in the hedge funds while carrying out general office administrative duties.
Updating and maintenance of trade books (including Long/Short, Pairs & Futures trading).
Preparation and analysis of portfolio risk reports using Bloomberg.
Preparation of documents for registration of company/ funds/new accounts/fund set ups.
General administrative responsibilities & IT server back ups.
2006-2008, Bachelor in Business (Economics & Finance), SIM-RMIT University.
2002-2005, Diploma in Business Information Technology, Singapore Polytechnic.
Confident individual with motivation to excel and succeed regardless of the obstacles she might face during the process. Focus orientated to achieve desired results expected of an individual or working within team.  Enjoys participating in performance-related events and travelling. Has hosted several shows in Singapore Polytechnic and community events as well as a member of a choir and a student leader during secondary school days.
Fluent in English, Mandarin (spoken), Burmese and functional in French.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications especially in MS Excel. Others includes Bloomberg, IMAGINE Software (PMS), Tradar/EzSoft (PMS) and MoneyWare Integra (back office portfolio management software).Assistant    Operations    Manager    –    to    overlook    operation    functions    of    all    funds        -­‐  Handle    reconciliations    including    cash,    trade    and    NAV.
-­‐  Prepare    AUM    and    other    regulatory    reports    for    internal    as    well    as    external    purposes.
-­‐  Trade    booking    and    liaise    with    related    parties    to    ensure    smooth    settlement.
-­‐  Participate    in    new    product    development    and    fund    setup    process.
Operations    Analyst    –    to    overlook    operation    functions    of    all    funds    within    the    asset    manager.
-­‐  Perform    cash    reconciliation,    trade    reconciliation    &    position    reconciliation.
-­‐  Liaise    with    related    parties    to    ensure    smooth    settlement.
-­‐  Accurate    and    timely    bookings    on    trades    and    fund    expenses.
-­‐  Reconcile    month    end    valuation    reports    with    Fund    administrator.
-­‐  Participate    in    new    product    development    and    fund    setup    process.
-­‐  Accurate    and    timely    trade    bookings    on    instruments    including:    cash    equities,    swaps,    FX    and    options.
-­‐  Keep    track    of    and    perform    related    bookings    corporate    actions.
-­‐  Perform    cash    reconciliation,    trade    reconciliation    &    position    reconciliation.
-­‐  Provide    break    reports    to    fund    managers    in    case    of    trade/position    discrepancies.
-­‐  Ensure    smooth    trade    settlement    using    Omgeo    CTM    for    trade    pre-­‐matching.
-­‐  Liaise    between    in-­‐house    &    external    fund    managers,    Prime    Broker    and    other    related    parties.
-­‐  Build    excel    templates    for    reconciliation    and    reports    with    VBA    -­‐  Participate    in    UAT    tests    on    system    implementation    COMPUTER    SKILLS.
-­‐    Thomson    Reuters’(Xtra    3000,    Eikon)                    -­‐    Imagine    Trading    System.
 The    Fairweather    Memorial    Award    for    Leadership,    Athletic    and    Academic,    Canada.
 Peter    H.    Nee    Prize    for    outstanding    performance    in    AP    Economics,    Canada.
 The    J.D.Y.    Hickman    42’    Award    for    Outstanding    commitment    to    the    Athletic    Program,    Canada.4 years of experience in Fund Servicing industry, managing security master fields, pricing data and processing corporate action events with information from different Data Vendors. Performs security data governance & collaborate with fund compliance team & fund accounting teams to ensure accuracy, quality of data & requirements are met with expectation. Play a role of a sub-team leader in executing assigned projects and to achieve success through people. Participate in system migration project by working closely with the project team and stakeholders.
Good understanding and wide exposure to different type of securities (Equities, Fixed Incomes, Derivatives i.e. Future, Options, Swaps), markets and exchanges globally.
Execute Data Governance in the aspect of security master fields, pricing data & corporate action information.
Ensure the standard operation procedures of maintenances on security data are strictly adhere to.
Seeks out & implementation of best practices in operational procedures to enhance efficiency & productivity.
Regular review of data quality by gather feedbacks & working closely with all stakeholders (Fund Compliance team, Fund Accounting/Administration teams).
Ensure SLAs are met by co-operating with stakeholders to investigate& resolve all outstanding issues & errors.
Liaise with data vendors to perform review on data quality, resolve issues & seeking out best practice in data application.
Work closely with Data Vendors & Global Data Office on data licensing matters.
Assists the manager & team leaders in reviewing operation workflow, identifying gaps, providing & implementing solutions.
Lead a small project team to execute tasks/projects assigned and ensure success through people.
Assist team leaders in gathering information and preparing monthly team dashboard for management reporting.
Assisting team leaders to ensure projects/tasks are in the right direction and closely align with management’s expectations.
Performs a role of a reviewer on daily deliverables and mentor to some junior team members. Providing them guidance and advices.
Participating & working with project team & stakeholders in migration project as a key person on behalf of the Data management team.
Provide after office hours & public holiday support for funds with slated deliverables.
HGST, a Western Digital company (formerly Hitachi Global Storage Technology).
Performed inventory audit on Channel Partners (distributors) at their offices across various locations in the APAC region to prevent grey marketing and ensure their compliance to SLA.
Performed analysis & reviews on partners’ inventory & sales reports to ensure accurate reporting & identify any possible red flags or signs of fraud.
Work closely and liaise with clients in APAC region to resolve reports discrepancies and conduct investigation.
Carry out analysis on Channel Partners’ sales & inventory reports and ensure their rightful entitlement of monetary incentive on HGST’s Channel Program.
Provided onboarding support, education & training to new client with regards to the Channel Partners programme.
Performed validity checks & providing 1st level approval on monetary claims relating to Marketing Development Fund (MDF) submitted by APAC Channel Partners.
University of London, SIM GE, BSc in Banking & Finance (2nd Upper Honours)   2008 - 2011.
Able to maintain relationships between the team and various stakeholders.
Good analytical skills and able to communicate effective on problems and solutions to stakeholders and management.
Able to work under pressure and deliver under tight deadlines.
Leadership and responsible for one’s  and team’s decisions and actions.• Professional Fluent/Current English with International Exposure.
• Experience of 9 years in the platform Front Office/Middle Office/Back Office Operations, i work now in the Middle Office Operations.
• I search now a Job of Middle/Back Officer Settlement Operations in Singapore.
- English Fluent and Professional with International Counterparties, Clients, Direction, Front Office/Middle Office/ Back Office.
- Trading Support Operations of Front Office (Traders, Portfolios Managers, Dealers...).
- Bookings (Asset Management Products, Repos, Loans, Equities, Bonds, Swaps of Rate, CDS…).
- Reconciliation of Failings Operations with International Brokers on Systems (Clearstream.
Banking Luxembourg, Euroclear Bank, Eses, Foreigns Markets, Markit Wire...).
-Reconciliation Cash with International Counterparties, Margins Calls, Collateral Cash….
- Reconciliation Collateral EMIR Position with International Brokers.
- Work with IT Team for Operations Rejected in Differents Systems.
- Systems: Bloomberg, Calypso, Markitwire, DTCC, Match Trade, Omgeo Oasys, Atos Titan, Desys, Samic AS 400, Microsoft Pack Office….
- English Fluent and Professional (International Counterparties, Directions, Front Office, Back Office...).
- Trading Support Operations of Front Office (Portfolios Managers, Traders, Dealers...).
- On Asset Management Products (Repos, Loans, Bonds, Equities, Swaps of Rate, CDS...).
- Prematching Operations (Control of Rate, Spread, Funds, Settlement Standard Instructions...).
- Dealing Operations on Cedel, Euroclear Bank, Eses, Foreigns Markets, Markit Wire with Brokers.
- Reconciliation Dividends, Corporate Actions, Fees, with International Brokers and Market Position Service.
- Reconciliation Cash, Margins Calls (Repos, Loans...), Collateral Cash, with Brokers, Treasury.
- Analysis all the differences with the Bank, Custodians, Market Position Service, Accountants.
June 2010 – November 2010 : RBC DEXIA INVESTOR SERVICES BANK (PARIS).
- English Fluent and Professional (International Counterparties, Clients).
- Reconciliation of Failings Operations with International Brokers on Systems (Euroclear Bank, Eses, Cedel, Foreigns Markets…).
- English Fluent and Professional (International Brokers, Front Office/Middle Office...).
- Trading Support Front/Middle Office (Oddo Asset Management, Equities, Bonds, Corporate.
- Prematching Operations on Clearstream Banking, Euroclear Bank, Eses, Foreign Markets...
- Studies of the Activities of the Members on the Financials Markets (Euronext, Powernext, OTC, MTS Italy…).
- Analysis of the Buys out, Impacts on the Membership Department.
Languages : English : Current/Fluent, French : Native, Spanish : Conversational.
Computer Skills: Microsoft Pack Office, Bloomberg, Calypso, Match Trade, Omgeo CTM, CRD, Atos Titan, Desys, Samic AS 400.
Interests : Latin Dances (Salsa, Bachata…), Cinema (Author Movies)….Address:  88 Punggol Central Blk 92 #12-27 Parc Centros Condominium.
CPA with a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Accountancy.
Strong knowledge of the financial services industry gained from more than 6 years of audit and industry  experiences.
Experience in financial accounting, financial reporting and financial statement analysis.
Strong knowledge of the regulatory requirements for insurance companies.
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office Word, Excel and Powerpoint.
Proficient in the navigation of Reuters, Bloomberg and IDC terminals.
Excellent interpersonal skills and strong command of the English language.
Ability to manage multiple tasks under very tight deadlines.
Obtained an average of 92.29% in the Philippine CPA Licensure Examinations (October 2010).
Graduated cum laude, with a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Accountancy from the University of the Philippines (April 2010).
Atradius Credit Insurance N.V.  Insurance Company   Axis Specialty Ltd.  Insurance Company.
Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Co.  Insurance Company.
Dual Underwriting Agency (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  Insurance Agent.
RKH Specialty Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (Howden International)  Reinsurance Broker.
Mitsui & Co. Financial Services Asia Pte. Ltd.  Internal Treasury of the Mitsui Conglomerate.
Operations Analyst in the Shareholder Services Team, providing client services and transfer agency support to investors in the Asia-Pacific region.
Shareholder Services Team serves as main point of contact for account opening, fund dealing, payment and client reporting.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Philippines (February 2013 – March 2014).
Fund Accounting Specialist - Senior Team Member in the Corporate and Investment Bank, performing investment operations services for institutional asset managers based in the UK.
Responsible for the system configuration of client-funds, brokers and custodians, to support trade matching and confirmation, trade settlements, accounting and daily report generation.
Senior Audit Associate with specialization in the financial services industry.
Supervised offshore audits of various companies based in Singapore, under the Asia-Pacific Talent Hub (ATH) of EY Philippines.I am an individual functioning on minimum supervision to meet daily challenges. I am also a team player, constantly initiating ways to improve the team’s efficiencies. The 2 promotions within 3 years is a confirmation and recognition of my abilities and dedication.
SS&C Fund Services (Asia) Pte Ltd    Apr 14  – Present Fund Accountant 3 (Hedge Funds).
▪ Support clients trading in multiple asset classes - Equities, Bonds, Derivatives.
▪ Familiar with the NAV process - Trade capturing to investors' allocation.
▪ Prepare monthly portfolio pricing using Bloomberg, Markit and Broker Quotes.
▪ Assist Funds on auditing, due diligence, board meetings and other ad-hoc reporting.
▪ Support the conversion and on-boarding of clients into SS&C.
▪ Conducted a successful 1-week training in an offshore office.
Citco Fund Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd  Feb 13 – Mar 14 Operations Analyst.
▪ Achieve zero errors during daily cash, trade and position reconciliations.
▪ Resolve open break items between Citco and external records.
▪ Learn about the different financial instrument so as to capture the correct P&L.
▪ Certificate in Business Mandarin for Banking Professional.
Singapore Management University ▪ Bachelor of Science (Economics).Address: Toa Payoh Lorong 2, Block 84A #05-311, Singapore 311084.
I am a friendly, highly-approachable and enthusiastic person who strongly believes that the key source of an organization’s strength lies in being able to build and maintain a cohesive and collaborative environment. As a professional, I see myself as a highly competent, organized and efficient individual with a hands-on attitude who deeply values integrity in all aspects of work.
Bachelor of Accountancy - Singapore Management University;.
Senior Associate (General Assurance) – PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Singapore.
Acted as team-lead for audit teams providing assurance and other financial reporting-related services to clients listed on the SGX, NASDAQ and other overseas stock exchanges;.
Co-ordinated and performed SOX controls testing and reporting to lead audit teams based in the US;.
Well-versed in areas of complex accounting such as consolidation and financial instruments; - Able to understand and analyse valuation reports related to asset acquisitions and transfers;.
Helped to pilot the firm-wide implementation of big-data analytics applied to audit, enabling the meaningful analysis of millions of lines of accounting information;.
Was separately offered accounting positions by the finance directors of three different clients, but were eventually declined as they did not meet personal career development goals at the time.
Assisted in the conduct of internal controls testing, specifically in the area of customer claims and refunds; - Assisted in the sorting of data for migration into a new in-house system to be subsequently used by the Internal.
Intern (Enterprise Risk Services) – Deloitte and Touche LLP, Singapore.
Assisted in the tailoring of Business Continuity Plans to meet the needs of various clients.10/2013-02/2014    Analyst, Fund Settle Operations, Euroclear Bank.
Handling funds including equities, exchange traded funds, bonds, emerging market and hedge funds.
Bachelor of Business Administration, Hong Kong Baptist University.
03/2014- Current    Vice President, Asset Management Operations division, Zhongtai International Asset Management Limited (formly named Qilu International Asset Management Limited).
Handling funds including equities, bonds, hedge funds, Funds of hedge funds, Classified funds and RQFII Funds.
Processing & Placing client orders with the Transfer Agents.
Being the primary contact point for Transfer Agents for all processing  matters.
Handling client exceptions (amendments, cancellations, duplicates) in a timely and.
02/2010-10/2013    Assistant Manager, Fund Operations, Mirae Asset Global Investment Hong Kong Limited.
Handling funds including equities, exchange traded funds, bond, emerging market and hedge funds.
05/2007- 01/2010     Senior Fund Accountant, Investor Services, State Street Bank and Trust Company.
Handling funds including equities, bonds, funds of funds, exchange traded funds, balance funds with future, forward trading, derivatives, swaps and emerging market funds.
Order Management System: Bloomberg AIM; Execution Management System: Bloomberg EMS.
Trade Matching System: Omgeo CTM & Omgeo ALERT; Portfolio Management System:.Email Address: peremic14@gmail.com | Mobile: +6592478491.
________________________________________________________________________.
An accomplished Securities (Index, Fixed Income, Equity and Derivatives) Market Data, Pricing and Valuation Analyst with 12 years working experience including one year assignment in London.
Product Knowledge: Thomson Datastream, Siebel, Bloomberg, Blackrock Aladdin, Reuters 3000 Xtra and Datascope.
1. One year assignment in London as support for transition of EMEA processes to Aladdin (BLK system), decommission of Legacy system/processes and ensured smooth migration of work to the new office in Gurgaon, India.
2. I have been a part of the pioneer team in Singapore and have performed key role in building the team with the successful migration of processes from US, London and APAC region as well as the complete on boarding / training of new hires.
3. Received 3 awards recognizing continued hard work and dedication in delivering quality service to clients and for successfully completing projects on a timely manner.
4. Streamlined data loading process in partnership with relevant teams to enhance data quality and error reporting mechanism highlighting valid exceptions that require action.
__________________________________________________________________________________.
BlackRock Asset Management Southeast Asia Services Pte Ltd (formerly Barclays Global Investors) Jan 09 – Jun 16.
Associate, Business Operations -APS-Investment Services-Pricing (Jan 12 – Jun 16).
Daily support of the trading process with regard to pricing requirements for BlackRock.
Daily quality control and validation of time series data including security pricing, analytical and corporate action data.
Liaison with market data vendors and market dealers to obtain the most accurate data.
Interact with internal and external clients to serve as a financial services helpdesk, managing expectations of service delivery, and provide superior customer service.
Operate as part of a global team with consistent service and process.
Resolve pricing issues at Blackrock’s fund administrators which are an outcome of the market value reconciliation control.
Constantly evaluate process and procedures for inefficiencies and make recommendations for improvement.
Maintain procedural documentation and update as necessary.
Primary fund administrator contact for pricing support and escalation.
Analyst, Asia Pacific Services Group - Data Integrity Team (Jan 09 – Dec 11).
Business support and management of securities market data (equity, fixed income, derivatives) that are used in all Blackrock fund management process which support investment management, trading and accounting systems.
Support of fund management systems with regards to accrued interest, yields and durations and the underlying data attributes and event schedules required.
Management of daily production and data integrity assignments.
Liaison with market data vendors and market dealers to obtain the best and most accurate source for security reference data.
Liaison with internal client group, managing expectations of service delivery and specific data content or coverage initiatives.
1. Hired as Data Analyst and part of the pioneer Data team in Singapore. I became the SME for EMEA related processes and consequently been assigned to work at the London office for a year to support transition to BLK system, decommission of Legacy BGI process and migration of work to the new office in Gurgaon, India.
2. At the end of my one year assignment in London, I became part of pioneer pricing team in Singapore and played the key role in building the presence globally as well as the on boarding/ training new hires. I have partnered closely with Global team and rest of APAC regions to successfully migrate and centralize all APAC pricing operation and valuation process to Singapore.
3. Developed strong stakeholder relation management skill and have continuously educated clients/vendors/service providers either internal/ external of our team’s role and how to effectively use the system and processes available and how we can continue to improve our service and vice versa. Regular cross trainings/ meetings are conducted, up to date documentations are centrally stored and due diligence process are fully utilized to highlight possible areas of improvement.
Provided PB IT Support Services to Front Office users in Asia Pacific region based on service level set by the management or otherwise stated in service level agreements.
Liaised with external service provider and/or internal departments to deliver high availability of Production System.
Managed and executed the framework and service level required from the different internal and external providers.
Performed 1st level application support related activities.
Thomson Reuters (formerly Reuters) Singapore   AUG08 – OCT 08.
Delivered timely and up to date service information to Thomson Reuters customers, Global Thomson Reuters Support Centres (TRSC), Thomson Reuters Data and Technical Operations teams on real-time financial incidents and system issues (data/service outages).
Issued background service information, such as Change Notifications, and planned outages, as provided by Thomson Reuters Operations units and Thomson Reuters Support Centres (TRSC).
Participated on regular meetings with Team Leader, Service Manager and other Resolver Workgroups to review performance targets and recommend team deliverables.
Published timely and accurate statistical performance reports detailing metrics covering major, non-major incidents and highlighting areas of action where appropriate.
Thomson Reuters Corporation (formerly The Thomson Philippines Corporation).
Attained compliance target of 99% on quality for Equity Global Indices database by facilitating data verification processes that promote quality and efficiency.
Highlighted and managed to conclusion improvement techniques and process enhancements utilizing skill sets and internal department resources at their disposal.
Promptly delivered projects aimed at data improvements, rapid response turnarounds and third party restructuring on the target dates and clients expectations.
Provided daily reports (Global Audit, Global Response Report, Distillery Process Report and Workflow Report) to the London office.
Ensured Accuracy, Correctness, and Timeliness of end of day updates of Equity Indices Data in DataStream.
Validated data on Datastream against secondary sources (i.e. website, publications and suppliers) and correct suspect or missing data in a timely and effective manner.
Coordinated with data suppliers to ensure timely and accurate delivery of data and verified and corrected data items where necessary.
Resolution of Client queries both internal and external and maintained the agreed upon turnaround time.
Communicated to London, office routines completed on a daily basis.
1. Started as an analyst for the Equity Index team and because of my commitment in ensuring high level of data quality and enthusiasm in completing special projects, I was assigned to take on the Data Improvement role migrated from UK to focus on projects on Quality Checks and have then been promoted to Senior Analyst.
2. Performed a key role on the successful migration of work across locale (Manila to Bangalore and London to Manila) with extensive training and creation of comprehensive process guides.
3. Awarded with TOPs (The Thomson Outstanding Performers) Recognition for “above and beyond” efforts on a long-term project or quick resolution of an internal issue or client concern. I have also received the TF Global Gold Award twice to recognize continuous hard work and dedication in meeting the release date for a big project.
4. Completed Projects on Process Improvement for out dated ingest mechanisms, partnered with relevant teams in the implementation of new loading process design with enhanced error reporting procedures.
5. Lead large scale database restructuring announced by 3rd party sources and highly sensitive client’s demand for additional data coverage. Produced detailed action plans, gained approval and delivered to target dates and customer expectations.
6. Provided Microsoft Excel Training to the whole team on useful functions and basic VBA coding.
_____________________________________________________________________________________.
_____________________________________________________________________________________.Address:  RM 2410, Lok Moon House, Tsz Lok Estate, Tsz Wan Shan KLN.
BBA (Hons) Major In Accountancy (second class honours, division 1).
and Futures Intermediaries (Outstanding Achiever of July 2014).
Dec 2015– Now  Associate 2-Middle office (IFS hedge Fund), State Street Bank.
i) Coordinate trade capture process including Loan, fixed income, FX, derivatives, equity Swap, TRS, credit default swap, equity,etc.
ii) Interact on a daily basis with external parties i.e. clients, brokers and prime brokers.
iii) Assist in the resolution of trade breaks with client and counterparties.
iv) Price client portfolio and Assist in the generation of position and P&L report.
ii) Set up new client profile, C/P SSI in system and external system.
July 2014– Nov 2015  Officer- (investment product admin., investment operation dept, wealth services), Hang Seng Bank.
i) Handling the IPOs of structured Products and Equity swap;.
ii) Managing product life cycle events, including dividend,.Oxford Brookes University - taught by City University of Hong Kong.
BA (Hons) International Business Management               09/2014 – 08/2015.
Higher Diploma in Business Administration                 09/2012 – 06/2014.
Specialize in:   Fund Services included Trade Processing, Investor Services & KYCAML.
Good command in MS Office, Thomson Reuters World-Check & Fund System: NTAS, AWD, GTAP Language:     Native Cantonese, Fluent English & Mandarin.
Distribution Support Officer (Permanent), Fund Operation          01/2017 – 10/2017.
Support day to day operations of Mutual Fund Business (Hong Kong, Taiwan and Korea).
Ensure TA deal processing of Barings' Funds smooth-running (Sub, Red, Switching, Transfer).
Distribute daily Fund NAV, monthly statement, dividend announcement to external parties.
Follow up with custodians and distributors to resolve settlement issues.
Provide client services for both Financial Institutions & Direct clients, work out on enquiries.
Handle account opening, registration updates and perform AML screening (World-Check).
Prepare various internal report: Sales report, Fund monitoring report, Transaction report etc.
KYC Administrator (Contractor), Investor Services (Hedge Fund)        10/2015 – 01/2017.
Review Corporate, FI KYC in accordance with compliance policy and regulatory framework.
Conduct risk assessment (SOW, SOF), Name Screening (World-Check) & FATCA Validation.
Flag potential issues (PEP, negative news, outstanding KYC), coordinate with internal parties.
Assist trade processing: Ensure red. payment & sub. funding, prepare statement & contract Note.
Fund Admin support: Audit Confirmation, account maintenance and others operation reporting.
Availability: Mid of October            Expected Salary: HK$20K / Month.Attend client monthly calls on client’s new initiatives, feedbacks on the service and daily deliverables; prepare executive summary reports for client meetings.
Follow up on client requests with internal departments and ensure operation readiness.
Work with client and their Prime Brokers on daily trade reconciliation breaks.
Ensure trade files from client are successfully processed daily.
Work with internal teams such as Corporate Action / Master data on trade exceptions.
Perform month end sign off for Hedge fund client on trade position and cash.
Employee Management, Risk & Process Controls, Resource planning.
Ensure daily and monthly deliverables are completed within agreed client SLA.
Employee Management, Risk & Process Controls, Resource planning.
Review department KRI and implement control measures to the operation processes.
Review MIS and headcount allocation metrics for projects and BAU.
Participate in new business initiatives / products; being the subject matter expert.
See through the change implementation and come up with risk control measures.
Key lead in the enhancement of current SBL system and come up with new business requirements in line with the new product offering.
Key lead in the corporate action enhancement project on automation of CA processing.
Plan resource and guide staff on their involvement  in areas such as testing and business requirement process.
Assess current BAU capability and come up with gaps analysis.
Follow through system setups and ledger posting requirements.
Worked with Market Risks, finance and control team on the workflow.
Participate in the reviews of the GMLSA signed up with lenders & borrowers.
Ensure the booking and settlement of stock borrow and lending transactions daily.
Collateral Management – Check and Approves collateral movements to external parties; forecast and ensure sufficient funding of such movements on holidays.
Review and approve stamp duty payment associated to SBL for HK market.
Manage and approve Corporate Action and SBL cost claims for transactions.
Oversee and manage claims arising from corporate action due to failed transactions or facilitation activities.
Servicing Equity-linked notes corporate action activities.
Ensure transfer policy adheres to internal compliance standards and guidelines.
Check and Approve Corporate Action Processing – Mandatory and Voluntary Events.
Good market knowledge on Asia Pacific, Euclid, EMEA , North America and Middle-East markets.
Constantly keep up with market developments and industry challenges.
Implement and coordinate changes to processes in response to changing business and market requirements and regulations.
Drive and lead in major projects such as integration to the new systems and market initiatives.
Review timeline set by project committee and draw up resource plan.
Ensure resources available to meet timeline set by the change team.
Precise and sharp in picking up issues, and done impact analyses on the issues.
Work on streamlining new processes with other departments and key stakeholders.
Provide training to team members on the new business process and system enhancement and plan for implementation of the new business change.
Effective communicator – work with internal departments to resolve issues and achieve client satisfaction.
Analysis of operation risks and the impact on regulatory requirement.
Done costs and effects analysis on business change proposals.
Team leader of the custody and nominees department reporting to the Senior Vice President.
Approve all corporate actions processing e.g. cash / stock dividends, stock splits, M&A etc.
Answer corporate action related queries from both external and internal client.
Facilitates and approve inter-client securities transfer.
Advise client on the procedures and requirements physical deposition of share certificates.
Primarily handles Hong Kong, China - Shenzhen and Shanghai Markets, Vietnam, South Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia, Bangladesh and Thailand markets.
Trades monitoring – Advise on problem trades – pre-matching / matching.
Ensure that Sub-custodian reporting are prompt and accurate.
Work on improving procedures / workflow and projects assigned (system feedbacks).
Part of the pioneer team that takes on the settlement and cash processing of the Legacy Mellon due to merger of Asia operations.
Primarily handles South Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia, Bangladesh and Thailand markets.
Resolve FX issues for restricted currencies such as KRW, TWD, THB AND IDR.
June 2005 - DBS Award for being the most outstanding graduate for the School of Business Management, Nanyang Polytechnic.
June 2005 – Standard Chartered Gold Medal for being the top graduate of Diploma in Financial Services, Nanyang Polytechnic.Analytical and versatile research and pricing professional with extensive knowledge and experience in banking and commodities providing up to date market intelligence and implementing cutting edge services in research findings in the face of an ever changing business climate. Core competencies include:.
Mobile:     (65) 9755 3627 (Please email me if I am unable to answer your call).
2003 – 2006       University of Western Australia, Bachelor of Commerce.
Technical Skills   Microsoft office, Bloomberg, Reuters Eikon, SAP Business Objects,.
Prepare valuation reports comprising price testings and threshold variances.
Coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to gather inputs and resolve issues.
Constantly maintain and improve the management reporting infrastructure and format.
Ensuring Operational Risk Framework (ORF) and policies are up to date.
Closing off key risk indicators and proper documentation of incidents are maintained.
Performing checks on pricing variances and ensuring integrity of prices and escalation was done.
Advising on areas of research , risk, pricing and strategy in the soft commodities market.
Developing pricing methodologies that are in line with the economics of soft commodities.
Business development in existing markets and expansion on product lines.
Creating risk grades for assessment on client payment abilities in line with MAS guidelines.
Knowledge of a variety of oil, petrochemical, natural gas and agricultural markets, its derivatives and structural fundamentals of contango and backwardation.
Coordinating physical cargoes traded on the Platts Market On Close (MOC) by liaising with counterparties and ensuring logistics are stream lined for delivery within specified laycans.
Transforming information into business intelligence by way of writing analytical commentaries, market research and liquidity reports.
Coordinating the execution of Asian methodology changes and introduction of new price assessments.
Research and development of emerging markets and alternative energies including engagement with sources.
Conduct assessment reviews and monitor assessment quality for misapplication of methodology.
Involved in initiative to align operations with IOSCO's Principles for Oil Price Reporting Agencies.
Conducting reviews on companies (KYC) entering the MOC assessment process in line with counterparty acceptance procedures for customer due diligence (CDD)..
In-depth study of floating storage units (FSU) along Straits of Malacca to meet changing delivery points in the market.
Refinement of freight calculations for polymer assessments.
Successfully on boarded more than 100 companies as approved participants in the MOC process by way of internal vetting procedures.
Stream lined department's records in line with Company's maiden external audit to achieve 100% passing score.
Set up matrix to display varying levels of participation approval of companies for monitoring by operational team.
Identified changing trends in biofuels and adjusted methodologies to shift towards growing reliance on industrial ethanol.
Technical knowledge of commodities futures, underlying products and market analysis.
Market fraud detection and investigation in potentially manipulative trader activity.
Credit risk mitigation at trading level through implementation of Standard Portfolio Analysis of Risk model (CME SPAN) for imposition of risk parameters on contracts and levying special margins.
Liquidity management through price range adjustments to contracts.
Daily mark to market calculations (fair value accounting) of trading member holdings for risk-adjusted margin exposure against credit risk on trader’s P&L.
Analysis of forward points, spreads, gold premiums, LIBOR rates and calculation of volume weighted average prices for model verification of daily settlement price.
Market risk prevention at product level monitoring of volume spikes and reference market price deviations.
Compilation of monthly risk reports to Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) for review and assessment.
Provide user training to trading members to ensure smooth implementation of front office platforms at pre-launch stage.
Launch of go-live date by leading cross functional teams and coaching junior team members to develop the technical knowledge and skillsets in the trading and surveillance platform.
Conduct user acceptance testing and identifying platform issues during pre-launch phase while working closely with vendors to create solutions for a more robust front office system.
Market Risk (Collateral Management) and OTC FX Documentation (Contract).
Risk management of collateral of internal and ‘street level’ parties in the stock loan business in Credit Suisse Investment Banking.
Marking to market of security prices to eliminate price deviations and ensure proper financing with counterparties.
Proper control of cash pool account balances by eliminating breaks at the close of business through proper accounting of receivables and payables.
Analysis of the market capitalization of dealing parties to mitigate credit risk if owner funds go into default.
Negotiating with client accounts to ensure that the best pricing is achieved so that both parties attain the most optimal position in equity financing.
Analysis of company inventory balances and its individual books to allocate autoborrow costs for the identification of short positions requiring a stock borrow trade. Initiate borrow activity, overborrow management, funding, Imbalance management & resolution of billing related discrepancies.
Identification of short trading positions, monitoring of Global One imbalances and the booking of internal borrows.
Facilitating cross-training to ensure a BCP model can be adopted covering the immediate functions within the team and ultimately covering those functions remaining in London for a BCP perspective. Involved in the department redeployment of the collateral team to India including proper handover and IT platform transition.
Client servicing and liaising with company counterparties to facilitate timely processing of trade documents.
Ensuring proper management of Credit Suisse and counterparty’s trade confirmations so as to mitigate contractual discrepancies and thus prevent any adverse risk associated with disagreement in liabilities from resulting.
Providing risk control by ensuring clear and concise audit trails are emplaced to track the movement of trades and also corresponding with counterparties both internal and external to meet the control targets of ageing confirmations.
Knowledge in derivative products and ISDA rules and regulations.
Ensuring close relationships with counterparties are maintained.
Meeting asset and wealth management requirements and deriving suitable solutions that are in line with economic trends and market research.
Constantly reporting back to upper management through submission of writen commentaries on daily market climate and economic research.
Always ensuring that work matters are achieved in compliance with the bank’s guidelines.
Constant training to upgrade capital market knowledge through regular attendance of conferences held by third party asset management institutions for all UOB employees.
Meeting and exceeding monthly key performance indicators in all aspects of asset management and capital market tools. I easily achieved my KPI deadline 3 months into the job.
Assisting the Personal Financial Services (PFS) team with new business generation through execution of marketing plans. Solely responsible for acquiring over S$100,000 in new acquisitions in my first 6 months into the job.
Increasing the bank’s market share in determining new business in both local and foreign outreach and attending to any projects or ad hoc tasks as and when required.
Ensuring the timely processing of trade contracts and settlements and assisting front office staff in the timely execution of contra trades. Backlog was reduced substantially by as much as 50% during the bull run of 2006 as a result of timely processing.
Reporting of daily backlog and compilation of monthly KPI statistics of various departments to the upper management.
Reconciliation of daily business done reports with contract tickets.
Assisting Finance and Compliance department with report reconciliation to ensure proper risk management and eliminate discrepancies.
Ensuring tighter risk management rules by attending monthly conference calls of DBS foreign subsidiaries (Hong Kong, Indonesia, Los Angeles, etc..) on matters of money laundering and fraud.Senior Associate, Financial Services Assurance             Dec 2014 – Present.
Lead team-in-charge for statutory audits of entities under the Asset and Wealth Management industry which include real estate funds, private equity funds and licensed fund management company.
Performed non-statutory audit engagements such as regulatory compliance audit for fund management company.
Performed client interviews to develop understanding of processes and controls, and proposed practical recommendations on the business operational, financial and management processes.
Assisted in managing and leading a group of engagement team of up to 7 members in an audit engagement of an asset management arm of a Singapore listed company.
Established and maintained strong client relationship resulting in client’s satisfaction at the end of engagement.
High performing individual with consistent performance rating.
Audit Senior                       Sep 2012 – Nov 2014   Involved in audit of listed companies under industries of real estate investment trust, and investment holding with Singapore and overseas operations.
Conducted full range of audit to SMEs in Singapore and overseas of a diverse industries which include trading, service, hedge funds and fund management company, investment holding, and investment company.
Performed non-statutory audit engagements such as regulatory compliance audit for registered and licensed fund management company, and agreed-upon procedures on proposed acquisition of properties for listed company.
Proposed practical recommendations on the business operational, financial and management processes.
Prepared daily accounting journals for Financial Futures & Options (FF&O) activities and intercompany transactions for Asia Pacific companies.
Performed regulatory capital compliance for FF&O on daily and quarterly reporting.
Assisted in FF&O automated process to improve daily reporting.
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA), Singapore      Aug 2016 – Present.
Nanyang Technological University, Nanyang Business School, Singapore                  Aug 2009 – May 2012.
Ngee Ann Polytechnic, School of Business and Accountancy, Singapore                    Apr 2006 – May 2009  Diploma (with Merit) in Accountancy.
NTU Open House 2011/2012, Deputy Chief Ambassador Leader         Sep 2011 – Mar 2012.
Involved in planning and execution of campus bus routes and student ambassador deployment.
Assisted in recruitment and training of student ambassadors in preparation of the actual event day.
Nanyang Technological University, Welfare Services Club                                             Aug 2009– Dec 2012 Regular Service Project: Elderly at AWWA Home  Volunteer and External Centrehead.
Liaised closely with AWWA Home personals and organised programs for the beneficiaries at AWWA Home.
Assisted the Chairperson in managing club members of up to 50.
Computer Skills: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint Language: English, Mandarin.Room 3, 5/F, Ting On House, Siu On Court, Tuen Mun, N.T. Hong Kong +852 24400962 / +852 61272882 dennis.c.lee@connect.polyu.hk.
EDUCATION The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (HKPU), Sep 2013 – July 2015 School of Accounting and Finance.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (HKPU), Sep 2005 – July 2008 School of Accounting and Finance.
Bachelor of Business Administration Major in Financial Services.
WORK EXPERIENCE Operations Manager, Prunus Capital Management Limited, Oct 2016 – Present.
Providing overall operational support for the company and documenting and overseeing the fund’s operation and internal controls to ensure compliance with SFC rules.
Establishing and maintaining finance and accounting functions.
Analyzing NAV of funds and producing daily P&L trading and NAV reports.
Managing relationship with prime broker, fund administrator, compliance consultant and other services providers.
Fund Operation Officer, Caitong International Assets Management Limited, July 2015 – Oct 2016.
Liaised with brokers, fund administrator, and custodian regarding to any trade queries.
Recorded accounting transactions of the fund and ensured all investments are booked accurately.
Assisted in the preparation of documents necessary to establish agreements with new prime brokers, trade brokers and ISDA counterparties.
Senior Associate, Bank Consortium Trust Company Limited, June 2013 – June 2015.
Maintained a high degree of accuracy and consistency in preparation of daily reporting and ensure that the pricing/valuation process adhered to controls and procedures.
Performed daily/weekly/monthly bank reconciliation, scheme reconciliation and custodian reconciliation on timely manner.
Prepared accounting entries and fee schedules for schemes and funds.
Reviewed portfolios and completed compliance checklist for investment funds.
Advised supervisor on material issues relating to the funds under his/her administration.
Sales Representative, Just Med Limited, Jan 2013 – June 2013.
Maintained relationship with customers assigned by company including home for the elderly, hospital authority, cross selling of medical & rehab. Products.
Handled new sales project in developing new business in corporate sectors like property management companies, banks, construction companies etc.
Prepared documents for contractor applications and follow up with any outstanding requirements.
Performed outdoor sales activity daily to fulfill sales target in certain geographical areas.
Fund Accountant Associate 1 State Street Bank and Trust Company Ltd, March 2011 – May 2012.
Prepared instructions setup by institutional client including cash sweep, income repatriation, FX.
Monitored and ensured incoming instructions including custody fee payments, investment management fee payment are processed on timely manner.
Communicating with investment manager regarding to fund administration including but not limited to fund redemption/injection, trade settlements.
Coordinating with internal parties such as customer services, asset manager services to guarantee services standard are met.
Financial Consultant, The Prudential Assurance Co Ltd, July 2008 – Feb 2011.
Conducted advisory services and financial products recommendations to clients.
Performed periodic review on both insurance and investment portfolios for clients.
Assisted daily operation to account payable and financial reporting teams   Provided clerical and general administration duties.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Vice Captain, HKPU, Chinese Debating Team, Sep 2006 – May 2008.
Took part in different inter school competitions and conducted training classes to team members.
Financial Secretary, HKPU Students Hall of Residence Chengde Hall, Sep 2006 – Sep 2007.
Managed a budget of $30000, kept financial record and prepared financial reports to the hall.
Language: English (Good), Cantonese (Native), Mandarin (Fluent).
Computer Software: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, SPSS.
Expected Salary: 30,000 - 35,000 HKD per month (Negotiable).Currently holding a 2nd year senior audit associate position with an extensive 4 years external audit experience in major accounting firms. Audit portfolio includes banking industries, asset & fund management, private and publicly held manufacturing companies. Exposed and highly keen on consultancy in market dealings & communications in a professional environment. Excellent communicator who speaks fluent English, Malay, Chinese and Cantonese. Possesses strong team leadership, project team management, and multi-tasking skills. Technically proficient in Microsoft Office and data analytical skills. Enjoys communicating and developing new ideas. Keen to enhance self-growth with more learning opportunities in a new environment and adaptable to challenges with a positive attitude. Independent and work well under pressure.
4 years of audit experience in reputable banks, asset management companies and listed manufacturing companies.
6 months experience in Forensic Accounting projects with project management roles.
Experience and handled compliance audit for regulatory reporting for CMSL license holders, anti-money laundering and regulatory submissions.
Team leader for monitoring audit team for regulatory reporting for banks and listed manufacturing companies.
Exposed to monitoring of internal controls and data analysis using provided software.
Extensive knowledge on credit review for loans provided by banks.
Facilitated good communication with internal auditors and component auditors in a different country to complete project within stipulated timeline.
Provided guidance and advices for preparation of annual financial statements.
Project team leader for special projects such as the “Enterprise 50 Award Program” which includes data compilation and analysis for awarding small-medium enterprises (SME).
Audit experience in audit of commercial banks and investment banks.
Exposed to loans credit review, money market funds, treasury, investments & asset management.
Performed analytical review and strategies on financial reports accordingly.
Assisted in accounts reconciliation and preparation of financial statements for financial year end Alcatel-Lucent Malaysia Sdn Bhd (2011 – 2012).
Assisted in accounts receivable and payable team in Finance Department.
Worked closely with Chief Financial Officer to assist in financial reporting and reconciliation of accounts.
Team lead and support in publicity and organizing education fairs held in various venues.
Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Accounting with Second Upper Class with Honors.
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (Equivalent to GCE ‘O’ Level), 2008.
Sijil Yayasan Pendidikan Cheras (YPC) Excellent Achiever Award SPM 2008.
Full merit scholarship in Cambridge A Levels (Science) (2009).
EY Inter-Department Games (IDFG) Badminton representative (July 2014).
SMKSBU Librarian Board Head of Committee & Department (2008).Main responsibility is to analyse financial and operational information to assist buyers and sellers with the valuation of the target company. The completed deals worked on range from SGD50m to SGD250m, over industries such as Healthcare (Hospitals and clinics), Telecommunications (Telco towers and wireless networks), Manufacturing and Real Estate. Key outputs:.
Quality of earnings analysis, forming an opinion on normalised earnings of a company.
Writing Executive Reports over findings to be presented to Investment Committees and Banks for financing.
Extra curricular activities undertaken to facilitate interoffice functions.
A qualified Chartered Accountant with five years experience in External Audit at KPMG Australia/UK and one year experience in Financial Due Diligence, M&A at PwC Singapore.
Deal exposure: Medical Oncology - $100m, Private Hospitals - $250m, Infrastructure – Undisclosed, Pharmaceutical Products – Undisclosed, Wireless Products – Undisclosed, Telecommunication Towers – Undisclosed.
Sectors audited: 2 years specialised in Technology, Media & Telecommunications clients in the UK, previously 3 years experience in Australia auditing clients in Mining, Insurance, Manufacturing and Financial Institutions.
Technical knowledge in IFRS (Australia) and experience in UKGAAP (FRS 101 and 102) and USGAAP.
Exceptional team leadership skills gained from supervising numerous Audit jobs.
Seeking first move into commerce, currently hold an Employment Pass.
Basic SAP knowledge, through time spent working with client’s (Computer Associates UK) SAP.
- Preparation of pro-forma consolidated financial statements and free cashflow statements. - Business partnering, individually secured $200k in fees outside scope of normal duties.
- Preparation of pro-forma consolidated financial statements and free cashflow statements. - Business partnering, individually secured $200k in fees outside scope of normal duties.
As an Assistant Manager, led audit teams, managed and assisted Partners in facilitating audits and communicated with client’s Senior Management on a regular basis. Part of the Technology, Media and Telecommunications (TMT) division, key clients and duties in portfolio were:.
A 9 month project and as the Group audit team, communicated regularly to 10 different European (EMEA) audit teams. Implemented new audit structure across EMEA to improve quality of reviews and efficiency in completion of audits.
A high level of organisation was required to ensure key deliverables were met by all teams and client expectations were met. Weekly meetings held individually with each team to track progress and assist with queries.
Led the UK audit team, at times team size of 12; performed extensive Internal Audits over their SOX covered controls and processes. Includes review and changes made to their COSO 2013 Framework.
Technical accounting performed over revenue streams (USGAAP vs UKGAAP).
Performed in-depth software/hardware revenue recognition contract reviews.
Reviewed the complexities over software revenue recognition and pensions, adhering to USGAAP.
Worked closely with Senior Management to perform extensive impairment analysis. Impairment analysis subsequently accepted by Board and presented in Financial Statement.
Redesigned audit plan and process, including internal software setup (eAudit), to improve efficiency in budget and pass internal Quality Partner Review (QPR).
Numerous roles performed that extended to a Manager position.
Spent a lot of time directly with the Chief Accountant and CFO, answering their key accounting questions and adding efficiency to their financial reporting process.
Wrote and presented presentations to Senior Management, detailing audit findings and control improvements.
Business development achieved through acknowledging client needs and providing appropriate solutions through my company.
As an Assistant Manager, led audit teams, managed and assisted Partners in facilitating audits and communicated with client’s Senior Management on a regular basis. Part of the Technology, Media and Telecommunications (TMT) division, key clients and duties in portfolio were:.
A 9 month project and as the Group audit team, communicated regularly to 10 different European (EMEA) audit teams. Implemented new audit structure across EMEA to improve quality of reviews and efficiency in completion of audits.
A high level of organisation was required to ensure key deliverables were met by all teams and client expectations were met. Weekly meetings held individually with each team to track progress and assist with queries.
Led the UK audit team, at times team size of 12; performed extensive Internal Audits over their SOX covered controls and processes. Includes review and changes made to their COSO 2013 Framework.
Technical accounting performed over revenue streams (USGAAP vs UKGAAP).
Performed in-depth software/hardware revenue recognition contract reviews.
Reviewed the complexities over software revenue recognition and pensions, adhering to USGAAP.
Worked closely with Senior Management to perform extensive impairment analysis. Impairment analysis subsequently accepted by Board and presented in Financial Statement.
Redesigned audit plan and process, including internal software setup (eAudit), to improve efficiency in budget and pass internal Quality Partner Review (QPR).
Numerous roles performed that extended to a Manager position.
Spent a lot of time directly with the Chief Accountant and CFO, answering their key accounting questions and adding efficiency to their financial reporting process.
Wrote and presented presentations to Senior Management, detailing audit findings and control improvements.
Business development achieved through acknowledging client needs and providing appropriate solutions through my company.
Main role at KPMG Adelaide was to perform audits over the key account balances such as Inventory and Revenue. Led the audit of various clients such as BHP Billiton Olympic Dam, Accolade Wines, RAA Insurance, Peoples Choice Credit Union, Health Partners and AET.
Impairment calculations performed over difficult accounting sections such as Inventory, Fixed Assets, Investments.
Main role at KPMG Adelaide was to perform audits over the key account balances such as Inventory and Revenue. Led the audit of various clients such as BHP Billiton Olympic Dam, Accolade Wines, RAA Insurance, Peoples Choice Credit Union, Health Partners and AET.
Impairment calculations performed over difficult accounting sections such as Inventory, Fixed Assets, Investments.
Chartered Accountant (Institute of Chartered Accountants Australia) – qualified April ‘13.
Bachelor of Commerce (University of Adelaide) – graduated ‘09.
Nationality: Australian, currently living in Singapore with EP.
Hobbies: Football (soccer) – currently PwC First XI Football Captain, Travelling.Always willing to learn, to contribute and to strive for excellence.
Nanyang Technological University, Singapore                  Aug 2011 – Jul 2014.
Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education, Advanced Level.
Obtained Distinctions in H2 Mathematics, Economics and Project Work.
Perform statutory and compliance audits for financial institutions such as brokerage firms, funds and advisory firms, with main engagement a listed company on SGX Mainboard.
Perform walkthroughs on core business functions from the point of inception (client onboarding) to generation of revenue (recording of income).
Identify the audit risks associated with the business processes and ensured that mitigating controls are implemented effectively by performing sample test checks (such as recomputation or vouching to source reports) on data accuracy and integrity.
Test the implementation of new controls and work procedures that have been raised within Internal Audit reports and end-to-end business process reviews conducted by regulators to ensure that risk areas are addressed.
Identified gaps in client’s enterprise wide risk assessment framework and raised findings as part of Management Letter Point.
Perform AML testing per MAS 626/ SFA04-N02, with focus on client identification, by evaluating the sufficiency onboarding information and sighting to corroborative documents for validity.
Review Minimum Capital and Asset Requirements (for banks) and Risk Based Capital Adequacy requirements (for CMSL holders) by performing test checks on computation and classification.
Participated in the preparation of engagement budgeting to ensure cost efficiency.
Performed year on year financial analysis on group and entity level audits.
Quantify liquidity risk, credit risk and interest rate risk exposure based on applicable company’s financial information.
Learnt to prepare and edit audit workpapers using audit software.
Summarized and drafted MAS updates to be emailed to audit managers.
Performed compliance audit by checking if MAS regulations have been adhered to in client’s policies and procedures.
Oversee the planning 3 out of 12 events in a 160 participants camp, including Amazing Race, Field Expedition and Opening Ceremony.
Deconflict manpower, timing and logistical issues with other subheads.
Able to perform basic functions in accounting software such as QuickBooks and SAP.
Capable of juggling between desk-bound jobs and more physically demanding tasks.After few years in the audit of financial services industry, my exposures have allow me to discover my strong interest in related Anti-Money-Laundering (“AML”)/Combating-Financial-Terrorism (“CFT”) regulations. Hence, I look forward to deepen my expertise in AML/CFT compliance and be a competent professional to safeguard the financial markets and public interest.
Keen interest in AML regulations – Interested in AML/CFT knowledge to strengthen and prepare myself for future opportunities in this field as an AML compliance officer or its related fields. In addition, further skillsets will be achieved through the ICA certificates in Anti Money Laundering.
Transferrable knowledge – Exposures gained from my audit experiences with major financial institutions (such as Union Overseas Bank, Union Bancaire Privée SA, Nomura Singapore Limited) within their global market, compliance and/ or credit departments will be strong value-add on the reviews and investigations of all trades alert and related clients’ transactions.
2017-Present Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) - Member.
2008−2012  ACCA Certified Accounting Technician LCCI Level 2.
2003−2007  Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Sri Tebrau (“O” level Equivalent).
Carry out compliance reviews and statutory audits for Asian, European and Local Banks.
Review clients’ compliance manual and its AML/CFT policy to identify their gaps in governance, internal controls and regulatory compliant.
Compliance regulatory knowledge in the Singapore financial services sector (Banking Act, FAA,SFA,AML/CFT, KYC,CDD, Guidance on private banking controls).
Effective written and presentation skills to clients and senior audit team members on the team’s findings and recommendations.
Develop rapport with people of diverse cultural backgrounds in my client-facing roles.
Lead and coach junior colleagues in engagement processes and work.
Complete performance reviews and identify learning opportunities for subordinates.
Complete assigned tasks under pressure and tight deadlines.
Designed engagements’ audit approaches and executed detailed audit testing.
Analyzed and evaluated relevant evidentiary data with its internal processes.
Observed compliance with KPMG’s audit methodologies and relevant regulations.
Completed audit works efficiently from the audit’s planning phase to its finalization.
Planned educational outings from farm camping to educational visits to aid in positive developments of junior members.
Developed mutually agreed goals for the teams and handled issues amicably.
Participated in various competition during scout’s events.
Familiar with S2i (Accounting system) and SharePoint (Web-based management system).
Knowledge in AML/ KYC, Regulatory Compliance, Auditing and Accounting Standards.
Experiences with Auditing, Credit Analysis, Data Analysis, Financial Analysis and Financial Reporting.
Reading  (Topics : Current Affairs, AML/CFT, Finance, Investment and Motivational books).Nanyang Technological University, Aug 2008 – Jul 2011: Bachelor of Business (Specialising in Actuarial Science) o  First Class Honours, Deans List 2010 - 2011, ASEAN Scholarship 2008 - 2011.
Anglo-Chinese Junior College, Jan 2006 – Dec 2007 o  5 Distinctions, Scholastic Merit Award 2006, ASEAN Scholarship 2006 - 2007.
Assistant Manager, Insurance and Actuarial Advisory at KPMG Services Pte. Ltd. (Mar 2015 to present).
Reviewed the product development and pricing, asset-liability management ("ALM") and actuarial valuation policy, processes and governance at various major life insurers in Singapore and a life insurer in Vietnam. The review also includes reviewing the strategy and calculations where applicable.
Optimised the reporting processes of a major life insurer in Singapore such that the reporting timeline is reduced from 9 working days to 7 working days.
Reviewed the retrocession process and performed regulatory gap analysis of a multiple reinsurers in Singapore.
Reviewed the processes and calculations of MAS Returns Forms, Policyholder Protection Fund (“PPF”) levy, reserving and pricing for a major life insurer in Singapore.
Involved as the project manager on an  investigation on a major life insurer in Singapore triggered by a whistleblower letter.
Performed actuarial due diligence of a life insurer in Singapore as part of a takeover attempt. The due diligence includes reviewing the products, embedded value, reserves, capital adequacy, and reinsurance arrangements of the insurer.
Assisted a life insurer's exit from the Singapore market by estimating its price value under various scenarios.  Assisted in the pension valuation of one of the largest corporations in Brunei.
Reviewed the Deferred Acquisition Cost (“DAC”) methodology and calculations of an insurer in Sri Lanka.
Performed financial statement and group reporting audits of various tier 1 and tier 2 insurers in Singapore. The coverage includes embedded value, reserves (both statutory and group reporting) and new business reporting.
Consultant, Internal Audit at Deloitte & Touche Enterprise Risk Services (Jul 2011 to Feb 2015).
Victor was with the Internal Audit team, specialising in the audit of financial institutions (in particular, fund management companies): o  Audited the portfolio construction, investment due diligence, portfolio management, pricing, valuation, and investor reporting processes of various fund management companies.
Performed regulatory compliance gap analysis for various fund management companies.
Reviewed the adequacy of risk management practices of several fund management companies. o  Audited the Anti-Money Laundering and Know-Your Customer process of a trust company.
Performed multiple audits of the retail banking, credit management and trade finance of a foreign bank operating in Singapore.
Assessed the IT general controls of a fund accounting company and an insurance company.
Additionally, Victor also has experience auditing the following processes: o  Audited cash, bank & treasury, sales & marketing, sales & distribution,  accounts receivable, accounts payable, procurement, production, quality, asset care, warehouse management, human resources, fixed assets, and general ledger processes of a manufacturing company based in Nepal and Sri Lanka.
Conducted business process review of fund administration, treasury & budgetary management, programme management, billing & collections, human resource & payroll, credit control, and inventory management processes of various non-profit organisations.
Reviewed the project management, procurement, payment and fixed assets processes of a ministry and various statutory boards in Singapore.
Audited the property development, project management, procurement, and payroll functions of various property development firms.Commercial banker with expertise in business origination, portfolio management and credit risk analysis across a wide range of client industries within leading international commercial banks. Proven ability of turning strategy into reality through effective management of teams and projects (delivering sales budgets, achieving team objectives), identifying key risks and structuring deals to mitigate credit concerns based on strong credit awareness and financial acumen. Further developed skill-set and experience through completion of an MBA at a.
leading UK business school and now seeking a dynamic career where skills and experience can be employed and developed to contribute to the success of the organization.
Proactively managing a portfolio of 20+ top tiered SOE Groups in China by working as an advisor in structuring innovative trade finance solutions and delivering cash management solutions for both crossborder and domestic flows;.
Supporting clients’ business expansion into new markets especially under the Belt & Road initiatives through understanding their actual needs and combine different component products to create end-to-end service solutions for trade financing and cash management (RMB and other deals);.
Keeping up-to-date with China Regulations and actively collaborating with Corridor partners.
Feb 2010- Jun 2013  Relationship Manager/Credit Analyst                       SCB.
Appointed as the youngest Relationship Manager. Proposed to be Head of Credit Analysts for Korean Business pre-MBA with endorsement from the Credit Approver. Main responsibilities were:.
Successfully managed a portfolio of 30+ multinational corporate clients (turnover $50Mn - $25Bn) with total loan amount over $500Mn in diverse industries and over-delivered budget by 15-25%+ per annum (i.e total $7million revenue in 2012) through new clients/deals origination resulting in new net revenues in addition to existing revenue streams;.
Assessed wallet size and provided strategic account plans based on extensive experience across a broad range of banking products (Bilateral Loans, RMB Cross-border deals, Cash Pooling, FX derivatives, Assetbacked Finance, Trade Finance, etc.) and through understanding the financing needs of (and structuring deals for) the full corporate spectrum (SMEs to global multinationals);.
Won the bids for and maintained three of the largest cash pooling projects (10+ subsidiaries each) in the Branch with total OD limit of $150Mn and FX limit of $50Mn leveraged on innovative solutions tailored to client requirements and trust gained from senior management in the client organizations;.
Launched the first foreign debt loan of $50Mn with the first Cross Currency Swap deal, and the first ¥200Mn RMB Cross-border deal from SCB HK together with IRS through accurately understanding clients’ business and needs, proactively identifying business opportunities with adequate returns and strong negotiation skills;.
Mitigated client business risks and conducted credit analysis by using financial statement analysis and projections, financial modeling, sensitivity tests, financial and operational due diligence, industry reviews, peer comparisons and judgment of management and strategy;.
Built strong relationships and senior access to the client organizations, enabling strategic dialogue leveraged on strong inter-personal skills and active engagement with the GM/Finance Manager/Treasury;.
Managed and executed complex projects from inception through to completion, on time and with the successful engagement of multiple stakeholders in various cross-border functions (i.e. Korea, HK, Singapore).
Managed the credit approval process across the pan-China Korean business supported by continuing awareness of and compliance with the bank’s credit policies and regulatory requirements.
Selected for SCB’s "High Potential Pool" in recognition of individual achievement;.
Top #1 revenue contributor to SCB Qingdao Branch over three years;.
Significantly improved credit application approval rate (by 50%) and shortened business conversion time through provision of training and guidance to team members on effective Credit Risk analysis skills;  Zero bad debt and non-performing debt portfolio leveraged on effective credit risk control.
Dec 2007 – Feb 2010       Relationship Manager/Credit Analyst, CMB             HSBC.
Successfully assisted Vice President to manage a portfolio of 15+ Large State-owned companies and POEs (turnover ¥200Mn to 8Bn) and independently managed a non-facility portfolio of 20+ MME companies;.
Structured deals across the business areas in Project Finance, Syndication, FX and Trade Finance including but not limited to L/C finance, Standby LC, Guarantee, Factoring, Forfaiting, Import & Export loan, and etc;.
Assisted the Vice President to launch and maintain the first 3-year Syndication Loan in Qingdao Branch with total amount of $120Mn through collaboration with internal product expertise and effective credit proposal preparations with annual revenue contribution of $3Mn;.
Originated new market for cross-selling and prepared comprehensive and clearly written Credit Proposals for credit approval in a timely fashion. Efficiently completed credit-related operational issues e.g. risk triggers, covenant compliance, etc.;.
Received 1st level rating for annual performance appraisal in HSBC.
Aug 2006 – Dec 2007       Personal Relationship Officer, Premier Center       HSBC, China.
Awarded the prize of “HSBC Best Customer Service Representative” visited by HSBC Global Mystery Shopper.
 Association of Lions Clubs International – for community and humanitarian service (2010 – present) Languages:  English (fluent), Mandarin (native).
Interests:    Singing, Dancing, Cycling, Traveling, Running, Reading and Yoga.
Research on the Motivations and Entry Modes of Chinese Commercial Banks’ Overseas Expansion (“Distinction”).
Open Innovation Project for Standard Chartered Bank China Limited.Preparation and review of daily/monthly NAV calculation and investor statement.
Primary point of contact for assigned clients on fund accounting/audit enquires.
Actively involved with managers to reduce operational risk (SOP) and improve work process.
Prepare Cash and position reconciliation on a daily basis; in addition oversee the reconciliations which are prepared by our offshore team.
Review and resolve daily reconciliation breaks promptly through internal research and by working with our Clients and Prime Brokers.
Work hand in hand with integration team to ensure smooth on boarding of new funds.
Worked on various projects to improve and streamline existing processes.
Planning of coverage and cross-training of new team member on various instruments such as Equity/Swaps, Options, OTC products and Aexeo, Citco’s in house system.
Understand the life cycle of global corporate action events and the key role corporate actions play in an increasingly dynamic market.
Responsible for processing of both mandatory and voluntary corporate action events for instruments including Equity, Bonds, Swaps and Options in accordance with procedures and event deadlines.
Extensive and active liaising with internal business group, global Citco serving offices and prime brokerages for the resolution of discrepancies between Citco and brokers/clients.
Execution of dividend reconciliations and accountable for the investigation of reconciliation discrepancies.
Assist with the migration of corporate action to Canada office.
Singapore Institute of Management (SIM), Royal Melbourne of Institute                                                    - Bachelor of Business (Economics and Finance).Senior Associate, Financial Services Assurance                 July 13 - Present.
Implement audit plan by leading, executing and reporting to key stakeholders o Prepare budgets and allocate tasks to team members.
o Decide the audit approach for the year, considering the key risk areas of the audit client, reassessing the audit approach carried out in the previous year and identifying areas of improvement before executing the new audit approach.
Knowledgeable in private equity, fund of funds, hedge funds, derivatives, listed securities and other financial instruments.
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of industry, regulations and local and international standards (e.g. IFRS, SFRS, US GAAP).
Assess adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal systems and controls and ensure that procedures are in line with company’s policy  o Identify key controls to be tested.
Evaluate and develop solutions with operations, finance, compliance and internal audit personnel to address internal control and operating deficiencies detected.
Prepare audit findings reports to evaluate key risk areas and to propose recommendations where controls deficiencies are detected.
Review valuation of financial instruments and valuation models for private investments  o Assess the applicability of valuation models (e.g. Black-Scholes, Discounted Cash.
Flow, forward multiples) in valuing investments o Validate the inputs and parameters of the models.
Ensure valuation methodology is in line with guidelines (e.g. International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines (IPEVC), Financial Reporting.
Standards) o Access Bloomberg to value listed investments and financial derivatives.
Completed several agreed-upon procedures o Assessed accuracy of general partners’ and limited partners’ contributions to a partnership.
Evaluated the cost of capital framework that is used to compute employees’ bonuses.
Undertook role of Team-in-Charge since first year o Review the work that has been carried out by the team members o Manage various client engagements and audit teams concurrently -  Consistent rating as high performer.
Perform compliance reviews for Licensed Fund Management Companies and Registered Fund Management Companies in accordance with Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) licensing guidelines o Identify potential or actual risk areas and propose recommendations to address risks arising from shortfalls in compliance.
Assess adherence to regulatory guidelines to ensure that compliance arrangements are commensurate with nature, scale, and complexity of the company and business.
Review deliverables regulated by authorities, such as MAS Forms and MAS Returns.
Drive firm-wide initiatives and policies by gathering feedback from the firm and advising management on steps to take.
-  Coordinate an innovation challenge o Prepare presentation deck to present to firm’s leadership team and liaise with external stakeholders.
Discuss funding and sponsorship for the team and organise firm-wide event.
Bachelor of Accountancy, 2nd Major in Finance, Cum Laude         Singapore Management University (SMU).Contact details  Email: hao.wei@insead.edu, Mobile: +86 137 1767 9371 / +44 (0)78 5158 5354.
Honours/Awards   2016 JD CEO Award; Honourable Lecturer at Tsinghua MBA.
Interests    Passionate about sports (football and basketball) and reading.
Programming and   Advanced: MATLAB, Excel & VBA; Intermediate: C++; Basic: R, SQL.
Language Skills    Native Chinese, professional fluency in English, and novice fluency in French.
Other    Permitted to work unconditionally in the UK (holding UK PR).
JD Finance is the Fintech startup founded by China’s second largest online B2C retailer  Co-Founder, ABS Cloud Platform/Structured Finance Group.
Establish the arbitrage CLO desk, and manage a mezzanine fund worth hundreds of millions CNY to propel the growth of selective consumer finance companies with a double-digit expected return on capital.
Lead the collateral and portfolio credit assessment practices for consumer loans asset-backed securities (ABS) by developing in-house analytical systems and integrating third party services.
Steer the experimental project of developing a Blockchain-based securities distribution system.
Arranged China’s first series securitizations of online/alternative consumer loans, and raised 2.5bn CNY in Q4 2015 and 3.1bn CNY in H1 2016 for JD Finance Group at favourable interest rates.
Arbor Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on investing in Fintech startup companies in Asia  Venture Capital Investment Professional.
Deal Closing: In a team of 3, made a $3.5m investment out of a $12m Series-A round in an US based international mobile remittance business built on top of the Blockchain.
Deal Sourcing: focused on mobile alternative lending and insurance opportunities, and promoted 2 potential deals to the investment committee.
Due Diligence and Financial Analysis: Screened the following opportunities.
Fintech: 3 Chinese Internet lending and insurance companies, 3 Australian alternative lending companies, 2 US real estate crowdfunding platforms, 1 US crypto currency (Bitcoin) firm, 1 Indian payment gateway and 1 Indian financial marketplace.
Industry Analysis: Conducted in-depth research in the Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (Bitcoin and NonBitcoin), and in Indian payment service providers.
Senior Associate, Exotic Equity Derivatives Quant Model Review.
Led a team of two validating a suite of cutting edge Equity Stochastic Volatility models and the VolNet Dynamic Volatility Strategies that fuelled Morgan Stanley’s reclaim of IFR’s Equity Derivatives House of the Year in 2013.
Identified and executed capital arbitrage by designing and implementing an alternative volatility estimation methodology for Options on Volatility Control Indices, resulting in $9MM revenue.
Refined and authorised 46 new in-house Hybrid Derivatives (Equity-Credit and Equity-IR) pricing and risk models, developed risk adjustment methodologies to cope with model deficiencies.
Developed a Loan-level Mortgage Default Statistical Forecasting Model in MATLAB for valuing HSBC’s $45bn RMBS portfolios, realizing 30% reduction in month-to-month pricing volatilities.
Composed RMBS/CMBS valuation reports to assist portfolio managers making investment/divestment decisions.
MBA Class of December 2014, Finance and Strategy concentration.
 Co-organised the INSEAD Dragon Week to promote East Asian cultures, which consisted of more than 10 events, including a feast for 180 guests and a party for 160+ invitees.
Warwick Business School / University of York  United Kingdom.
 Collaborated with JPMorgan on analysing single name default risks and the simultaneous illiquidity in credit markets.Confident individual with strong people management skills, who can evaluate processes and has the ability to drive change across an organisation. With highly effective communication skills, is adept at dealing with all levels throughout the business. Enjoys the challenging situations driven from the constantly changing regulatory and tax environments. Has a solid understanding of financial markets and products, with over sixteen years investment management experience in both buy-side and sell-side companies. An amiable team-player who thrives upon overcoming problems and creating opportunities.
Senrigan Capital Group Limited - Hong Kong    (Resigned)      07 / 2016 – 03 / 2017.
Created a Treasury function which returned approximately +1.7% annualized on idle long base currency balances.
Introduced new cash reconciliation controls and procedures to enhance Treasury management.
Event Driven Fund – Significant exposure to the nuances of Asian markets and particularly Corporate Actions.
Silver Tree Hong Kong Limited - Hong Kong    (Fund Closed)      10 / 2015 – 07 / 2016.
Start-up hedge fund - Asian focused multi-strategy credit hedge fund, launched mid-June 2014.
Designed and implemented all Fund Operational procedures and controls. (Trade / Risk / Compliance / Accounting).
Built ‘Front to Back’ trade lifecycle connectivity working with software providers SunGard.
On-boarded and negotiated ISDA / GMRA / PB relationships. Also approximately +20 DVP brokers over a 1 year period.
Researched and implemented any new trading requirements including opening ID market accounts, new products to be added to the trading lifecycle, the HK/Shanghai connect trade facility, CFD and ETD accounts.
Brennus Asset Management LLP – London   (Resigned, moved to Hong Kong)                       11 / 2010 – 04 / 2013.
Brennus is a $135Mio AUM Credit Arbitrage and Special Situations Hedge Fund.
Managed all aspects of daily / monthly Operations and Fund Accounting work, meeting deadlines ahead of schedule.
Primary contact for managing relationships with service providers including fund administrators, corporate secretaries, prime brokers, auditors, legal advisors, software developers and software providers, I resolved and managed all issues.
Managed Treasury function for enhanced funding costs through FX trading and implemented changes resulting in the Fund increasing PnL of +50K USD per annum.
Negotiated better funding rates with prime brokers, in particular regarding high-delta positions.  The Portfolio was reviewed on a periodic and on-going basis to achieve cost savings.
Ensured portfolio share class and currency exposures were kept to a minimum by actively rebalancing through FX trading.  Reported portfolio exposures to the partners on a weekly basis.
Responsible for Offering Memorandum investment restriction monitoring and immediate remedial action should a breech occur.  No breeches occurred due to on-going dialogue with the trading desk to ensure they were aware of current exposures and potential breeches at all times.
Legal work including negotiating ISDAs, CSAs, NDAs, PBAs, DDQ, Investor communications for restructuring the Fund, OM supplements, MF1 forms, CIMA registrations, invoice negotiations and general regulatory updates and registrations.  At all times prioritizing that the Fund and the Investment Manager were both regulatory compliant and not unduly disadvantaged by legal documentation.
Ensuring Board meeting agendas for the Fund’s Directors were appropriate for business development and the ongoing successful functioning of the Fund.  Involved the careful use of communication skills, maintaining corporate structure at all times.
Tax analysis and enhancements including employment of tax advisors for opinions relating to FIN48 disclosures and for the formation of an SPV (Soparfi - Luxembourg).
Financial statement production – Checking and correcting work produced by the Fund Administrators and supplying various financial notes required by the Auditors.
Produced the Counterparty Risk policy and responsible for chairing monthly Operational Risk meetings with the COO and CIO.  Primarily focused on reviewing counterparty exposures and ensuring credit ratings and CDS spreads still met internal risk limits.  Also ensured that fees / income were being equally distributed between Prime Brokers to maintain good business relationships.
Produced marketing information for prospective investors which included producing exposures, Sharpe & Sortino ratios, standard deviation, duration, DV01 and CS01.
Produced monthly newsletter data and charts for existing and potential clients.  Worked efficiently and within deadlines, ensuring standardized delivery of communications and an accurate information flow at all times.
RAB Capital Limited – London (Fund Closed)                09 / 2007 – 09 / 2010.
RAB was managing +7.5Bio USD with approximately 18 hedge funds and 7 managed accounts with around 200 employees.  Funds were varied in terms of products and strategies including PE, FI, L/S Equity, Emerging Markets and Credit Funds.
Managed two teams of 5 Middle Office and 5 Operations employees.  Responsible for employing new staff, appraising the teams for their year-end reviews, awarding promotions in conjunction with HR and dealing with any disciplinary matters.
Ensured all team members were trained to the appropriate level and that procedures were complete and periodically updated.
Responsible for MIS reporting to the Operations Director and COO, resulting in senior management having greater transparency regarding areas of focus and the requirements of the business.
Met with the trading desk on a weekly basis to review late booking of trades.  This was particularly useful for identifying system deficiencies and identifying poor post trade processing of RAB’s brokers.
Ensured when the Funds crossed position thresholds in underlying investments that the external notifications to companies and exchanges were both complete, on time and accurate.  (TR1 / Takeover Panel).
Checked all daily cash and position reconciliations were completed, correct and that each employee had signed off the reconciliations attesting to such.
Ensured the real-time PnL data feeds were accurate and, if not, were swiftly resolved, enabling the Fund Managers to have optimum access to live and precise portfolio information.
Managed projects including Front Office ad hoc requests, UATs on various system enhancements and static data scrubbing.
Ensured monthly newsletter data was accurate and the teams had completed their month-end tasks ahead of deadlines.
Established Key Risk Indicators for the teams and ensured appropriate controls were in place, achieving no fails for internal audits.
Led a project to migrate RAB’s Hong Kong Funds onto the UK systems to provide greater control and timeliness for Risk reporting.
Identified cost savings within the teams such as reducing the amount of Bloomberg terminals in use and making sure that any Bloomberg terminals within the teams were formally justified.
Employed in the Fund Accounting team in a project management and advisory capacity.
Responsible for resolving long-standing issues that had arisen historically and remained problematic. The most complex issue being the reconciliation of PNL over a period of three years for a RAB Fund that traded synthetic loans.
Implemented a project to develop an automated cash reconciliation tool with our portfolio administration system suppliers, Tradar.
Transferred approximately 25 cash reconciliations from the Fund Accounting team to the Operations Team.  This had significantly beneficial results such as staff cost reduction, introduction of daily reconciliation procedures, position and cash reconciliations completed out of a single team.
The reconciliation procedure improvements I made were formally declared in RAB’s due diligence documentation, improving marketability of the Funds.
Time taken out of the industry to achieve a personal goal of reaching a professional standard at golf.  The highlights were winning a state amateur tournament and ending the career break with a handicap of three, which was low enough to turn professional, if I had wished.
Manager for Hedge Fund Operations – Hedge Fund Administration.
Managed a team of 6-18 people providing Middle and Back Office services to 30+ Hedge Funds trading Exchange Traded and OTC products in various geographical locations.
Responsible for hiring, appraising and training the team.  This was a busy and on-going requirement due to the heavy staff turnover of the Fund Administration industry at that time.
Development of operational procedures within a quality assurance framework.  This encompassed helping to design the GoCheck application which allowed staff to digitally sign off reconciliations and enable clients to access reconciliations securely.
Responsible for MIS reporting, enabling senior management to have a transparent view of the team and identify areas for improvement.
Due Diligence – Held meetings (+50) with Asset and Hedge Fund Managers encompassing all the usual DD requirements.
Actively involved in marketing meetings and new business integration, helping to significantly increase GlobeOp’s client base.
Liaised with 10+ Prime Brokers for transmission of client transactions from GlobeOp’s systems to PB accounts, monitoring settlements and arranging cash wires.
Liaised with counterparties for confirmation and settlement of trades, keeping failed trades to a minimum.
Trained and provided support to clients for using the trade capture system and for bespoke systems developed by GlobeOp.
Used Prime Brokerage web tools and reporting to reconcile Funds’ trade capture and accounting data.
Implemented new and conversion clients onto the GlobeOp platform, ensured clients had a smooth introduction to the company before handing them over to more junior staff within the team.
Supported the IT department for the development of new systems and products to improve GlobeOp’s technological offering.
Additional responsibilities - Project work (Sub-Committee).
Business Continuity Planning (BCP) - Helped develop robust procedures in case of serious disruption to the normal course of business.
Systems testing for up and downstream effects to ensure product enhancements were STP compliant.
Personally led a Sub-Committee for improving the technological capabilities of GlobeOp’s systems to handle cross currency Bonds, typically non-deliverable currencies.
Created SLA for one of GlobeOp’s institutional investors, liaising with the client’s head of Middle Office and GlobeOp’s legal counsel.
Bloomberg, Excel (Intermediate / Advanced), Reuters, EZE Castle, Tradar, Imagine, Beauchamp, SunGard Front Arena & VPM, DTCC, Markitwire, Omgeo, Kondor+, Word, Powerpoint.
Prime Broker websites – Credit Suisse, UBS, Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank, BoAML, Barclays, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, BNP Paribas, CITI.
FX Trading – Credit Suisse (PrimeTrade), UBS (FX Trader Plus) and Morgan Stanley (MSET Trade).
University of Kent – BA (Hons.)  Degree in Business and Marketing.    1996 – 1999.
Homewood School and Sixth Form College.  2 A-levels, 9 GSCE’s.       1989 – 1996.
Recently attended numerous (+10) seminars run by Dechert, Simmons & Simmons and Bloomberg including; Dodd-Frank, AIFMD, FATCA, CFTC and Risk.I am a self-motivated and ambitious person having considerable experience in the financial and fund services industry.
Apex Fund Services (HK) Limited – Senior Fund Accountant (2014 Oct – 2017 Sep).
Prepare and review entire Net Asset Valuations (NAV) for the fund independently on a monthly or daily basis as required by the Investment Managers and monitor Portfolio of Investment positions and Cash activity of the fund / prepare broker reconciliations on a daily basis / process corporate actions to reconcile cash accounts and positions.
Draft the Financial Statement (e.g. Balance Sheet, Profit and loss Statement, Cash flow Statement, Disclosure notes, etc.) for audit purpose and be a primary liaison between auditor and third party to ensure all audit queries are addressed in a timely manner.
Oversee 11 funds (including PE investment, hedge fund) in the meantime and provide suggestions on accounting treatment related to the terms in the Private Placing Memorandum.
Process subscription, redemption, shares transfer activity and co-ordinate documentation for Capital Activity to ensure AML, FATCA, CRS and Compliance as requested.
Liaise with prime brokers and investment managers to resolve cash breaks.
Independently price the Investment positions on a monthly, weekly or daily basis.
Assist in the transaction set-up and monitor the operating account of the fund.
Supervise junior staff in daily operations for the preparation of fund NAV.
Apex Fund Services (HK) Limited – Senior Fund Accountant (2014 Oct – 2017 Sep).
Prepare and review entire Net Asset Valuations (NAV) for the fund independently on a monthly or daily basis as required by the Investment Managers and monitor Portfolio of Investment positions and Cash activity of the fund / prepare broker reconciliations on a daily basis / process corporate actions to reconcile cash accounts and positions.
Draft the Financial Statement (e.g. Balance Sheet, Profit and loss Statement, Cash flow Statement, Disclosure notes, etc.) for audit purpose and be a primary liaison between auditor and third party to ensure all audit queries are addressed in a timely manner.
Oversee 11 funds (including PE investment, hedge fund) in the meantime and provide suggestions on accounting treatment related to the terms in the Private Placing Memorandum.
Process subscription, redemption, shares transfer activity and co-ordinate documentation for Capital Activity to ensure AML, FATCA, CRS and Compliance as requested.
Liaise with prime brokers and investment managers to resolve cash breaks.
Independently price the Investment positions on a monthly, weekly or daily basis.
Assist in the transaction set-up and monitor the operating account of the fund.
Supervise junior staff in daily operations for the preparation of fund NAV.
Apex Fund Services (HK) Limited – Senior Fund Accountant (2014 Oct – 2017 Sep).
Prepare and review entire Net Asset Valuations (NAV) for the fund independently on a monthly or daily basis as required by the Investment Managers and monitor Portfolio of Investment positions and Cash activity of the fund / prepare broker reconciliations on a daily basis / process corporate actions to reconcile cash accounts and positions.
Draft the Financial Statement (e.g. Balance Sheet, Profit and loss Statement, Cash flow Statement, Disclosure notes, etc.) for audit purpose and be a primary liaison between auditor and third party to ensure all audit queries are addressed in a timely manner.
Oversee 11 funds (including PE investment, hedge fund) in the meantime and provide suggestions on accounting treatment related to the terms in the Private Placing Memorandum.
Process subscription, redemption, shares transfer activity and co-ordinate documentation for Capital Activity to ensure AML, FATCA, CRS and Compliance as requested.
Liaise with prime brokers and investment managers to resolve cash breaks.
Independently price the Investment positions on a monthly, weekly or daily basis.
Assist in the transaction set-up and monitor the operating account of the fund.
Supervise junior staff in daily operations for the preparation of fund NAV.
The Bank of  (BEA) – General Banking Officer (2013 Nov- 2014 July).
Dealt with a range of BEA customers’ financial requirements, e.g. Wealth Management, Business Evaluation, Loans and Accounts.
Performed on-going monitoring and collation of customer information to ensure that the Customer Due Diligence requirements are up to date and ensure compliance with the banking policies and procedures, e.g. AML, KYC and FATCA.
Adopted prudential measures for mortgage loans as required by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
Documentation and administration, e.g. prepare Report of Business Evaluation and Bank Reference Letter.
The Bank of  (BEA) – General Banking Officer (2013 Nov- 2014 July).
Dealt with a range of BEA customers’ financial requirements, e.g. Wealth Management, Business Evaluation, Loans and Accounts.
Performed on-going monitoring and collation of customer information to ensure that the Customer Due Diligence requirements are up to date and ensure compliance with the banking policies and procedures, e.g. AML, KYC and FATCA.
Adopted prudential measures for mortgage loans as required by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
Documentation and administration, e.g. prepare Report of Business Evaluation and Bank Reference Letter.
The Bank of  (BEA) – General Banking Officer (2013 Nov- 2014 July).
Dealt with a range of BEA customers’ financial requirements, e.g. Wealth Management, Business Evaluation, Loans and Accounts.
Performed on-going monitoring and collation of customer information to ensure that the Customer Due Diligence requirements are up to date and ensure compliance with the banking policies and procedures, e.g. AML, KYC and FATCA.
Adopted prudential measures for mortgage loans as required by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
Documentation and administration, e.g. prepare Report of Business Evaluation and Bank Reference Letter.
Hang Seng Bank Limited –Personal Banking Manager (2013 Jan - 2013 Nov).
Received the Service Star Award under a mystery shopper programme (a reward for full compliance with banking guidelines in carrying out the insurance business and providing the first-class banking service).
Ensured the recommended insurance products are suitable for customers having regard to the customers’ circumstances that include Target Horizon, Premium Affordability, Purpose of application, Insurance Needs and Age, whilst at the same time complying with all applicable provisions of the Insurance Companies Ordinance as well as other relevant banking codes, guidelines and standards.
Provided potential customers with key information that provides them with fees and charges, penalties and relevant interest rates and the customers’ liabilities and obligations in the use of different general banking services.
Hang Seng Bank Limited –Personal Banking Manager (2013 Jan - 2013 Nov).
Received the Service Star Award under a mystery shopper programme (a reward for full compliance with banking guidelines in carrying out the insurance business and providing the first-class banking service).
Ensured the recommended insurance products are suitable for customers having regard to the customers’ circumstances that include Target Horizon, Premium Affordability, Purpose of application, Insurance Needs and Age, whilst at the same time complying with all applicable provisions of the Insurance Companies Ordinance as well as other relevant banking codes, guidelines and standards.
Provided potential customers with key information that provides them with fees and charges, penalties and relevant interest rates and the customers’ liabilities and obligations in the use of different general banking services.
Hang Seng Bank Limited –Personal Banking Manager (2013 Jan - 2013 Nov).
Received the Service Star Award under a mystery shopper programme (a reward for full compliance with banking guidelines in carrying out the insurance business and providing the first-class banking service).
Ensured the recommended insurance products are suitable for customers having regard to the customers’ circumstances that include Target Horizon, Premium Affordability, Purpose of application, Insurance Needs and Age, whilst at the same time complying with all applicable provisions of the Insurance Companies Ordinance as well as other relevant banking codes, guidelines and standards.
Provided potential customers with key information that provides them with fees and charges, penalties and relevant interest rates and the customers’ liabilities and obligations in the use of different general banking services.
Student of HKICPA (The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants).
Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries (LE) Paper 1.
Student of HKICPA (The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants).
Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries (LE) Paper 1.
Fluent in written and spoken Chinese (including Cantonese and Mandarin).
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, Bloomberg, Paxus, Pdf, PowerPoint.
Testimonials from previous employers are available upon request.
Current Salary: HKD 28,000.00 x 12 months plus Quarterly bonus.More than 9 years fund accounting & administration experience in mutual fund, pension fund, ETF (both physical & synthetic), hedge fund, and etc.;.
Familiar with wide range of investment products and global market practices; and.
Perform comprehensive knowledge on accounting practices and procedures with professional qualification.
ETF (listed in HKEX): (1) review daily valuation of prepared by custodian, (2) prepare and release portfolio composition file (PCF) and trading information to HKEX e-submission system, (3) arrange semi-annual dividend distribution, (4) instruct to make fee payment to service provider and government body;.
SICAV (Luxembourg domiciled): (1) review daily valuation of prepared by custodian, (2) maintain daily subscription & redemption orders and investor records in internal system, (3) perform monthly management fee checking, (4) calculate trailer fee rebate to global distributors;.
Hedge fund: (1) prepare internal daily valuation to portfolio managers and risk management team for analysis and investment decision making, (2) review monthly official valuation prepared by fund administrator, (3) arrange cash transfer for fee payment, subscription & redemption order and investment activity;.
Work with auditor, custodian and fund administrator in preparation of financial statement in compliance with IFRS and local laws;.
Maintain benchmark record and monitor fund performance and tracking error;.
For new fund launch project, responsible for bank accounts setup, determination of accounting policy/treatment, review of custodian operating guideline/memorandum, internal system setup, and calculation of expense budgeting;.
For fund termination project, liaise with HKEX, fund registrar (e.g. Computershare) & SFC, monitor processing of asset liquidation, calculate and arrange final distribution to investors;.
Monitor Ongoing Charges ratio of SFC authorized funds (ETF & SICAV) and periodically review fee expense accounting policy in order to maintain TER in accordance with KFS and prospectus;.
Liaise with tax advisors in different markets to handle tax filing, tax exemption application, tax calculation and payment issues;.
Play a key role in system migration project (Geneva) to perform UAT, setup accounts, import accounting records, and work with service provider (Advent) and internal users (investment team, risk management team, product & marketing team, and etc.) as a middleman; and.
Train and supervise subordinate in daily tasks and system migration project.
Supervisor, Global Distribution Services  (Jan 2014 – Feb 2016).
Prepare and review periodic reports to clients and internal parties, such as month end valuation, factsheet, holdings reconciliation, and customized analysis report, etc.;.
Provide service to institutional investors from Asia Pacific and United States, including government authority, international organization, multinational company, financial institution (e.g. insurance company, trustee, and asset management company);.
Handle pension fund (including MPF), equity index fund, balanced fund, absolute return fund, fund of funds;.
Provide cash management, arrange cash payment/receipt and instruct FX transaction to maintain sufficient cash balance for investment purpose of fund manager to avoid overdraft and cooresponding financial cost;.
Participate system enhance project and perform UAT of new system implementation; and.
Monitor work tasks of Indian colleagues, also supervise and provide training to them.
Review preparation of financial reports to clients in Mainland China, including quarter, semi-annual and annual audited financial statements;.
Handle QDII, QFII, RQFII, ETF and Cayman funds managed under IM in Mainland, as well as MPF schemes in Hong Kong;.
Review daily cash flow forecast reports prepared by fund accountant and then determine subscription and redemption amounts of holding funds invested by MPF schemes;.
Prepare, review and send cheques payment to investors and instructions to custodians;.
Liaise with IM, custodian and broker to resolve fund operation issues; and.
Monitor 10 fund accountants in a team and check their daily works.
Monitor accuracy and completeness of processing of trade, FX, derivatives (futures, options, swaps, etc.), and corporate action transactions;.
Coordinate with internal and external parties to follow up failed trade issue and ensure timeliness of settlement;.
Liaise with Client Service team and Asset Management Service team for fund operation and reporting issues;.
Maintain full set of accounts of portfolios for clients in Asia Pacific region (Ex-Japan);.
Prepare and review accurate financial report under tight deadline (including global cash statement, NAV computation, IM reconciliation, different types of ad hoc and customized reports, etc.);.
Apply appropriate accounting policy for financial assets measurement in accordance with IFRS;.
Draft and review Standard Operating Procedure for general fund operation;.
Participate in conversion project for change in accounting policy in compliance with IFRS for significant client's requirement;.
Responsible for preparation of particular operating procedure, providing sufficient assistance and training to Mainland China and India colleagues in migration project for company restructuring;.
Response to inquiry of NAV movement and significant transaction from Compliance team and Performance Analyst team; and.
Provide supervision and training to junior fund accountant.
Prepare journal vouchers posting to accounting system (esp. for accounts payable) and administration work related to various types of revenue and capital expenditure, for example, preparation of cheques and bank transfers payment for trade creditors, machinery suppliers, delivery of goods and sundry utilities, etc.
Perform accounts payable ledger and consolidate financial and managerial reports, such as financial statement, budgeting, departmental expenditure report and accounts payable ageing report;.
Perform operating cash flow analysis and liquidity of the company;.
Monitor and consolidate books of accounts of Mainland and Thailand subsidiaries;.
Process and document approval of payments of accounts payables and capital expenditures, such as purchase of machinery and land & factory; and.
Postgraduate Certificate in Professional Accounting (Completed in 2008).
BBA in Applied Economics Major & Finance Minor (Graduated in 2007).
Proficient in Microsoft Office, VBA for Excel, Bloomberg, Geneva, etc.
Apply strong excel skills in preparing customized client reports;.
Introduce Macro to speed up work processes and gain appreciation on the same.
Address: Flat E, 18th Floor, Block 3, Parkland Villas, Tuen Mun.04/2016-06/2017 Le Cordon Bleu Sydney – Commercial cookery.
Overall result: Second Class Honours, Division 1 (GPA: 3.13).
Central Asset Investments and Management Holdings (HK) Ltd– Operations Officer.
Verified all the internal trade and FX bookings and identify discrepancies.
Handled settlement issues of equity, futures, options, fixed income, CDSes with Prime Broker, ISDA and other execution counterparties.
Performed reconciliation of cash and collateral balances and margin and positions.
Reconciled stock borrow positions and confirmed corresponding costs with traders.
Dealt with enquires from external auditor and fund administrator for maintaining proper financial records and preparing financial statements for investors.
Reviewed monthly financial statements and finalized monthly NAV for both master and feeders and RQFII products.
Monitored cash flow of master and feeders and processed subscription and redemption requests.
Provided daily support on cheque clearing and verifying account opening documents.
Issued bank reference letters, balance confirmations and audit confirmations.
Handled written enquiries from auditors, solicitors and government departments.
Hongkong International Theme Parks Ltd-Cultural Representative.
Performed a role of cultural exchange to promote Hong Kong Disneyland and Hong Kong.
2002     LCCI - Accounting (3rd level) – First Place in the World and First Place in Hong Kong (At 2001 Series 4).Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC Private Wealth Management, Wealth Management Professional  Jun 2015 - Present  Private Bank sales support and client service.
Support Private Wealth Advisors in all aspects, from KYC/account opening, sales pitches to ongoing client management.
Act as the hub to other divisions of the firm to track portfolios and respond professionally to clients’ inquiries.
Achievements: Outstanding Performance Award (2016), committee member of Asia Remediation Taskforce (2017).
Hong Investment Advisors Limited An Asia (ex-Japan) macro hedge fund, Associate  May 2012 - Jun 2015  Middle office operations and regulatory reporting.
Monitored portfolio risk measures, collateral margin calls, counterparty utilization and risk capital limits at prime brokers.
Compiled financial regulatory filings to HK SFC and U.S. CFTC NFA on investment holdings and capital adequacy.
Assisted in the fund registration with UK FCA for AIFMD compliance and completed the annual reporting template.
Verified third-party pricing sources on Bloomberg for MTM valuation and P&L attribution at Asia close on T0.
Consolidated monthly fund factsheets and performance reports with risk/return metrics and investment commentaries.
Coordinated with brokers, custodians and fund administrators on legal documentation, workflow design and system integration.
Conducted UAT on vendor IT applications e.g. Traiana, MarkitServ, Paladyne PMS and other web reporting portals by brokers.
Built VBA in vendor database, MS Excel and Outlook to automate reconciliation, data retrieval and management reporting.
Product expertise: FX forwards (DF/NDF), FX swaps, interest rate swaps, futures & options and structured notes.
Fund regulations: offshore master/feeder funds; EU AIFMD, US/UK FATCA on marketing and investor base.
Riverwest Advisors Limited A Japanese long/short equity hedge fund, Analyst  Jul 2011 - Apr 2012  Trade support to Japanese fund managers.
Validated trades in Japanese equity and equity derivatives on T0, and reconciled cash, positions and NAV estimate on T1.
Reported directly to Japanese traders on real-time short selling positions, margin requirement and upcoming corporate actions.
Prepared and disseminated monthly reports (Japanese and English) to institutional investors and high net worth individuals.
Product expertise: equity and equity derivatives (Japan, HK/China), FX swaps for USDJPY hedge and commodity futures.
Bank Consortium Trust Company Limited A leading pension fund provider in Hong Kong  Aug 2008 - Aug 2008  Corporate Communications Intern.
Collected investment and product information to prepare the monthly fund factsheets for HK MPF and ORSO pension schemes.
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, Service Ambassador   May 2008 - Jul 2008.
Promoted self-service banking machines and facilitated cross-sales between Counter Service team and Relationship Managers.
The Chinese University of Hong Kong, B.Sc. in Quantitative Finance, Minor in Statistics   Sep 2007 - Jul 2011.
Technical University of Denmark, Summer Programme on Environmental Science   Jun 2011 - Jul 2011.
Kyoto Sangyo University, Global Japan Programme  Sep 2009 - Aug 2010.
Cheung Chuk Shan College, 8A1C HKCEE Science discipline  Sep 2001 - Jul 2007.
Certified FRM, HK SFC Licensed Representative (Type 1 & 2), CFA Level III passed.
Languages: Native in Cantonese. Fluent in English, Mandarin and Japanese (JLPT N1).
Computer: Bloomberg, MS Office (Access, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook), VBA macros, Salesforce.com.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
More than 9 years’ of working experience in private banking operations.
Job scope includes Middle to Back Office functions, mainly in hedge and mutual funds.
Coordinate transfer details with counterparties and Fund Administrators.
Fill up stock transfer forms, subscription documents and entity self-certifications.
Sort contract notes in the mailbox and distribute to fellow teammates in Geneva.
Using internal systems like Avaloq and FundFolder and external system like Vestima.
Spent 3 weeks in Geneva to build relationship with teammates and improve knowledge.
Société Générale Bank and Trust, Private Banking Operations  Mar 2014 – Jan 2015.
Reconciliation and migration of funds to DBS Private Banking.
Used internal systems like Avaloq and external systems like FundSettle browser.
Involved in the whole process from pre-processing (placement of the subscription and redemption trades for mutual funds) to post-settlement (payment and checking of receipts).
Transfer of hedge and mutual funds (internally and externally).
Processing of corporate actions - dividends, setting up new funds, name changes, liquidation, compulsory redemption and mergers.
Engaged in process enhancement, reviewing and modifying procedures for better efficiency.
Liaised internally with the front office (RMs and ARMs) and the back office, and externally with fundhouses, custodians and counterparties.
Included attending to queries, conducting investigation and reconciliation of breaks in cash and securities holdings, corporate action notification, etc….
- Bank Executive A in the Cash Management Team    Jul 2007 - Mar 2011.
Processed Fixed Deposits, Currency-Linked Investments, Incoming and Outgoing Telegraphic Transfers.
In charge of the team’s daily filing of processed documents and monthly archives.
Involved in the planning, coordinating and participating in activities organized by the department.
Coordinator for relocation from PWC Building to Comtech in 2012.
Committee member in planning for the Private Banking department’s Social Night 2011.
Update weekly/monthly cashflows and fixed deposits’ details.
Graduate of Investment Operations Certificate (IOC, former IAQ).
Administration of Settlement and Investments module         Mar 2012.
Introduction to Securities and Investment (International) module        Dec 2011.
M1B: Rules and Regulations for Dealing in Securities (Non-SGX-ST Members)      Sep 2011.
M5: Rules and Regulations for Financial Advisory Services        Apr 2010.
Runners-up for National Inter-School Squash Championships, ‘A’ Div Boys  2000.
Champions for National Inter-School Squash Championships, ‘A’ Div Boys  1999.
Champions for National Inter-School Squash Championships, ‘B’ Div Boys  1998.
4th for National Inter-School Squash Championships, ‘B’ Div Boys   1997.
Languages: Fluent in written and spoken English and Mandarin.
Computer Skills: Proficient in MS Office (Excel/Word/PowerPoint).
Systems: Avaloq, Triple A, Olympic, Bloomberg, FundSettle, Vestima and Global Fund Trading browsers.
Responsible and organised, able to multi-task and prioritise workload.
Dedicated and committed to provide excellent service in a professional manner.
Willing to undertake new challenges and constant self-improvement.Tanjong Pagar Plaza, 081007 Singapore Phone: +65 83222955  Email/ LinkedIn: Martin_goh@live.com.
2.5 years of progressively responsible experience in the Financial Services Group focused on audits for corporate banks, futures brokerage firm, and funds management company.
Team lead in statutory audit which perform walkthroughs, identify key controls to be tested, perform analytical procedures to explain the movements in the financial statements, obtain evidence to satisfy different audit assertions, review the adequacy of the disclosure in the financial statements (i.e different categories of financial instruments, fair value hierarchy, hedge accounting, impairment), and drafting of audited financial statement.
Perform planning work such as prepare budget, identify expertise required for the team, coordinate with client on audit timeline and the deliverables, and perform analysis on actual cost vs budget.
Lead in preparing the Long Form Report by coordinating with different department to summarize the key functions and changes into the executive summary, presenting the areas of audit emphasis, lead in discussion of audit findings with different stakeholders, follow-up on MAS inspection findings and drafting of the report.
Review regulatory returns on risk-based capital (“RBC”) filed with the MAS for merchant banks, brokerage, and fund management companies.
Assess the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls of treasury business performed by front office, back office and middle office.
Assessment on credit risk management including bank’s credit reviews to determine the appropriateness of loan grading, adequacy of loan loss provisions, monitoring of collateral for lombard facilities, and margin monitoring.
Assessment on other risk management policies and practices of companies such as the monitoring of market risk limits, concentration risk, and counterparty credit risks, operational risk incident reporting, RCSA assessment, and the managing of liquidity risk through asset-liability management strategies and contingency funding plans.
Provide recommendations to management to improve internal controls, enterprise risk management framework and corporate governance.
Team lead and co-led in several engagements of different industry including a listed plantation company, fund managing services, trading and research companies.
Perform impairment review on the assets of destress debt investment companies, review of recoverable amount based on the seniority of assets pledge, review the reasonableness of the assumptions used in cash flow forecast, and verifying the existence of the assets pledge.
Perform impairment review on investment in vessels (container, bunker, tanker) and investment in property development projects located in Indonesia, Hong Kong, and Japan.
Perform MAS regulatory compliance review for licences fund management company.
HLB Ler Lum Charted Accountants, Kuala Lumpur              Oct 2009 – Jan 2010.
 Prepare monthly progress report of redevelopment projects, assists in tendering assets including publishing assets for sale in newspapers, verify claims from creditors, assisting in debt collection process by calling debtor, sending reminders and prepare aging listing for panel lawyer to file for legal claims, and assist in conducting liquidator meeting to vote for stakeholders preferred exit strategy.
Birmingham City University, Birmingham, United Kingdom            Completed: Nov 2011.
How the IPO’s underwriter’s reputation affects its short-run and long-run performance in Malaysia.
Affiliate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
Tunku Abdul Rahman College, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia            Completed: Dec 2009.
Optional paper: P4 Advance Financial Management & P5 Advance Performance Management.
Participate in MACPA inter college and university activities.
School fund raising day – set up bubble tea and ice cream business.
Treasurer of English Language Society, Malay Language Society & Abu Bakar House.
Bronze medal in Tennis Double in Batu Pahat District under 16.UOL Banking and Finance degree with second class honours (Upper Division).
Prepare daily/monthly E-binders to account for all breaks.
Communicate with client and brokers on the outstanding breaks.
Coordinate with Manila office over pre-production processes and review their work.
Coordinate with Dublin office on internal practice and potential delivery delays.
Review Over the counter (OTC) master agreements and confirmation.
Review other colleagues work before submission and train new hires on internal process and reports.
Conduct daily checks on funds to ensure no trial difference for data quality control and resolve it.
Assist on new clients on-boarding into Automated Resolution Tool (ART).
Work in a team of 3 to provide support to a department of 240 staff.
Manned Changi General Hospital Helpdesk and resolve desktop issues.
Ease migrating of email platform from lotus notes to Microsoft outlook 2010.
Researched production of metal hydroxide and metal oxide nanostructures from metal corrosion.
Organize Chinese New Year celebration 2008 for the school with 5 other chairpersons.
Design the wall mural and organized the painting with 20 team members.
Planned and carried out games for children at the family service.Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance with second upper honours by the University of London.
Position title ( level) : Experienced Senior Audit Associate.
Participated in the financial year-end audit of Neuberger Berman Alternatives, Kainos Capital, CF Ventures, Capital Royalty Fund.
Understand, document and test the accounting of transactions arising from share and partnership agreements, inter-company investment arrangements and profit sharing arrangements;.
Performed substantive audit test work in the following sections:.
Communicate and interact effectively with employees of my clients to understand operational and accounting related processes.
Castlewood Group Pte Ltd (Contract Assignment)       Apr 14 – Sep 14.
Actively participate in liasing with the company’s statutory auditor. Involves in preparation of schedules for the purpose of audit.
Advise the Financial manager on the rationale and requirement of the audit.
Kick start and assist the CFO in coordinating the migration of the Company’s new accounting system with the relevant stakeholders.
Devising methods and identifying key indicators to be used for the analysis of the company's business performance.
Preparing excel templates used for the preparation of management reports.
Assisting in the yearly budgeting process whilst liaising with the off-shore finance teams.
Assisting in the monthly cash flow forecast process by liaising with individual business units' finance teams.
Maintaining the budget & cash flow forecast model and ensuring all models are updated for any changes to assumptions.
Preparing the monthly management report for middle management consisting of the following:.
Actual vs budget analysis of income statement amounts and further support and justify reasons for significant variances;.
Month-to-month variance analysis  on Income Statement amount which are presented;.
Preparing the write-up summary of the group's business performance and financial position in the quarterly management report for senior management.
Preparing presentation slides which are used for meetings of the Board of Directors.
Computing of key financial ratios and assisting in the assessment of the company's financial position.
Preparing the write-up summary for the company's submission to the Monetary Authority of Singapore via MASNET.
Assisting corporate finance to prepare share buy-back mandates.
Specialized in auditing diverse and infrastructure sectors which mainly consist of Logistics, Healthcare and Manufacturing firms.
Overall project management and coordination. Allocating work to team members and coaching of associates.
Understanding operational processes within businesses to identify audit risk areas as well as area of business improvement. Evaluating and assessing internal controls are in place/absent within a range of companies.
Performing audit work steps to test the operating effectiveness of key controls within significant financial processes.
Conducting interviews with clients to gain an understanding of the company’s operation as well as enhancing the rapport and relationship between the client and KPMG.
Performing variance analysis of the financial statements.
Performing audit work steps such as test of details and substantive analytical reviews procedures to test the balances of key financial statement captions.
Participated in a special audit by Public Utilities Board which is performed on Singapore Power to do a detailed test of design and implementation of processes and controls.
Position title ( level) : Temp analyst in product control (Non-executive).
Performing User Acceptance Testing for a soon to be launched platform that will be used to compile traders’ daily profit and loss statement.
Ensure compilation made in the new platform tallies with the source document.
Linking Microsoft access databases to excel spreadsheets to find anomalies in daily transactions.
Compiling an official manual which is to be utilized by the users of the new platform.
Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Cognos, Navision._________________________________________________________________________________ PERSONAL SUMMARY.
Huong Van is Senior Associate with KPMG Singapore’s Financial Services Advisory team. Prior to joining KPMG Singapore, Huong Van was part of KPMG Vietnam’s Deal Advisory and Audit Financial Services team where she has conducted financial due diligence and audit engagements exclusively for clients in the financial services sector (banking, capital markets and insurance).
Huong Van possesses strong organizational and analytical skills with a can-do attitude and ability to work independently. Highly motivated, detail-oriented, hard-working and dedicated to the cause. Responds to challenges with determination and focus.
Huong Van is proficient in Excel and analytics tools such as Power BI and Tableau.
_________________________________________________________________________________.
Data Processing & Analysis  P&L Analysis      Accounts Reconciliation.
Report Writing      Process Improvement    Business Partnerships.
_________________________________________________________________________________.
Master in Management of Banking and Finance - Université libre de Bruxelles.
Bachelor of Business (Economics and Finance) - Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology.
_________________________________________________________________________________.
Senior Associate - Financial Risk Management – Management Consulting.
Managed all aspects of client engagement execution and delivered agreed project outputs that exceed client expectations in terms of time, quality and cost.
Supervised and reviewed the work of junior team members, providing coaching and support to them and managing their performance.
Contributed towards the technical, industry and consulting capability of the Finance Services Advisory Team.
Proactively engaged with clients to build effective relationships during on-going assignments and continue to maintain relationships with clients to win more engagements.
Used commercial awareness to identify consulting opportunities in target accounts.
Cost Allocation and Profitability Analysis: Reviewed and validated the cost allocation methodology, conducted subsequent service-level profitability analysis and built underlying model for the largest ASEAN Stock Exchange. The project enabled the client to make strategic pricing and other commercial decisions as well as facilitate regulatory discussions.
Profit & Loss reconciliation: Reconciled the trading room profit (loss) and position reports to back office and accounting records for one of Thailand’s largest banks. This included a review of valuation methods, trading and reporting systems and processes of front, middle and back offices.
Internal Audit: Served a 5-month secondment in 2016 to the Group Audit division of one of Singapore’s largest banks for 2 internal audit reviews of Group Finance – Shared Services and Group Finance Architecture Programme. Also led the internal audit review of Treasury functions for a leading oil and gas company in Singapore.
Actively conducted a number of acquisition due diligence engagements. Analysed target company's financial statement information including income statement, balance sheet, cash flow and key operational data. Synthesized and converted the data into meaningful information to drive historical and projected financial and operating trends, quality of earnings and working capital considerations, and potential liabilities and risks which impact valuation and negotiation of target management.
A Japanese bank’s acquisition of interests in a Top 3 state-owned bank in Vietnam.
Goldman Sachs’s examination of financial health of a major commercial bank in Vietnam to ensure its financial guarantee for a Construction Joint Stock Company in connection with its proposed financing transaction.
A leading Korean based insurance company’s intended investment in a non-life insurance business in Vietnam.
A Japanese based electric power company on the contemplated acquisition of a minority interests in a  local hydropower company.
A Thailand based investment company on its contemplated acquisition of majority equity in a local real estate company.
A Top 3 Japanese aluminum group in connection with the completion of its investment in an aluminum can producer in Vietnam.
One of the world’s largest vehicle manufacturer in Japanese with its attempted acquisition of 60% equity interest in a local company engaging in the manufacturing and processing of motorbike parts.
A leading Vietnam investment corporation on its intention to be strategic shareholder of one of the largest state-owned textile and garment company in Vietnam.
A Top 5 local investment company in its contemplation to subscribe for a controlling stake in a local company engaging in real estate, hotel and tourism services.
Took lead in external audit engagements as the Senior-in-charge for major financial institutions.
Developed audit programs and tested procedures aligned to risk and test objectives.
Conducted detailed credit reviews on individual loans to customers, comprising the qualitative and quantitative assessment of individual loans, the compliance of transaction documents, covenants, reporting requirements and the accurate computation of loan loss provision, collateral amount and the corresponding interest income in accordance with Vietnam Accounting Standards (“VAS”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).
Ensured audit conclusions are based on a complete understanding of the processes, circumstances and risk.
Communicated findings and corresponding recommendations to business stakeholders and risk owners.
Supervised and guided junior members in the audit and reviewed audit deliverables.
Produced the Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in accordance to State Bank of Vietnam (SBV)’s requirements.
Clients portfolio across financial services sector in both Vietnam and Laos markets include:.
Major local banks: Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam (“Vietcombank”), Vietnam Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (“Agribank”), Military Commercial Joint Stock.
Bank (“MB”), Vietnam Technological and Commercial Joint Stock Bank (“Techcombank”), Vietnam.
International Commercial Joint Stock Bank (“VIB”), Maritime Commercial Joint Stock Bank (“MSB”).
Branches of foreign banks: Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (“BTMU”), Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (“ANZ”), Taipei Fubon Bank.
Joint venture banks: Lao Viet Bank in both Laos operations and Hanoi branch.
Securities companies: Vietnam Securities Corporation, CIMB – Vinashin Securities Limited Liability Company (“CVS”).
_________________________________________________________________________________.
Associate Director – Management Consulting, KPMG Singapore.Email: qyangaf@gmail.com  Mobile: (852) 6020 4161 HILIGHTS.
Completed ACCA professional examinations/ Mater degree holding in Accounting.
Accounting experience in financial industries& Fortune 500 company.
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology  Hong Kong.
Conducted research in industry and companies, especially in real estate.
Hedge fund set up progress and daily operation, gained knowledge about the regulations, taxation, settlement etc.
Took part in SAP system built up process and perform portfolio management by SAP; work out financial statements monthly or yearly.
Handled pre-trading activities including risk management mainly on diversification and margin safety.
Constructed daily and periodical P&L reconciliations, account settlement.
Shell China Exploration and Production Co., Ltd  Chengdu, China.
Participated in Internal audit including year-end stock take and manpower cost analyze.
Rebuilt a manpower charges breakdown on all expense though extracting all data for three years from SAP, analyze and re-group.
Assisted the audit process by reviewing the accounting statements and preparing audit working papers for different types of enterprises afterwards with last learning ability.Language skills: Native in Cantonese and Mandarin; Good command of English.
General computer skills: Good command of general office skills.
Certificate: PSC Putonghua Proficiency Test Grade 2 Level A;.
Hedge Fund Operations Specialist, OP Investment Management Ltd.
Work with front office and reporting team to ensure that trade operations is smooth and accountable for errors.
Ensure all trade processing and clearing activities are done timely and accurately.
Monitor other tasks such as trade matching, corporate action, day-end report.
Liaise with counter parties such as brokers and fund administrators to resolve trade breaks and exceptions.
Administer the process flow regarding the back-end for various products.
Review and update the Operation Manual, procedures and work flow.
As an independent third party to check the listed company's financial records.
Liaise with Client’s account department and gather all financial information for audit purpose.
To find discrepancies, errors, cut costs and improve general accounting.
Recognize customers' needs and recommend appropriate financial solutions.
Check branch operation report in order to find out transactions with error or being delayed.
Open personal bank account as well as conducting KYC process.Futures & Options and OTC Clearing Client Services Representative.
Ensure the day to day client’s Collateral Process is conducted.
Processed daily exchange and third parties brokers’ margin settlement and margins projection.
Client focused and engaged in building and fostering good relationship with existing clients.
Acted as communication bridge between internal parties and clients to resolve client’s queries.
Set up commissions and fees, fees discrepancy investigation and adjustments posting.
Assisted with new accounts opening as well as accounts closing.
Liaised with front to back office internally and broker externally to resolve the issues.
Performed assignment/exercise options and expiry activities and coordinated with settlement team in order to settle the expiry trades.
Assisted on client’s on boarding process and system demonstration to the clients.
Conducted regular calls/visits with the clients for updates and feedback with Sales & Marketing.
Ensured that all exchange trades are tied back to client/propriety references and all client trades are resolved and allocated correctly by market close deadline.
Performed allocations of all SFE/NZFE/ TSE/OSE/TIFFEX/TFX/KRX/TOCOM trades.
Prepared reporting client/house position's to the Asian market.
Provided allocation and delivery of commodities and performed daily closeout.
Interacted with the trading desk, global client groups, exchanges and external brokers.
Achieved sales revenue targets and maximise profitability by consulting and analysing clients' business needs and offering solutions.
Proposed and present company business plans and products according to customer needs and requirements.
Prepared client presentations, structure and reviewed proposals and responsible for pricing, structuring and marketing of all the products.
Handled new market development by building up a multinational network of distributors and retails customer base.
Managed general sales enquiries and issues and identify the needs of clients and liaise with suppliers in order to prepared appropriate quotations and shipments and provide administrative support such as payments and invoices.
Ensured all sales process are handled properly and coordinate fully on both company and customers’ interest.
Prepared purchase orders, keep track of purchases and supplies, and handled inquiries about orders.
Identified the needs of clients and liaised with suppliers in order to prepare appropriate quotations.
Supported marketing study plus survey on new markets or existing market demands and feedbacks from field and managed existing clients and developed new clients.
Undertook project work and managed the business between suppliers and customers.
Participated in clients meeting and conference and become the interpreter between the company and customers/suppliers.
Liaised with the clients to ensure accuracy of requirement, specification and information.
Translate the documents and assist clients from English to Asian language and vice versa to negotiate the deals.
Trading Associate Global Markets (Risk Management) / Front Line Trader Support.
Monitored trader margins, and executed margin calls for FX, futures, options and CFDs accordingly, and through that ensured smooth trading operation, monitored client accounts' risk exposure accordingly.
Conducted value-at-risk analysis (VAR stress testing) to understand risk exposures and intervened if needed to adhere to risk guidelines.
Led daily closure reporting in which I highlighted potential risk areas, ensured data is reconciled between front and back office.
Maintained comprehensive oversight of risk exposure with regards to market/currency risk and counterparty risk and limit setting for all the platform.
Responded to the outstanding tasks and deal with the client queries on trade details, trade booking.
Provided hands-on trading and administrative support and ensured smooth trading operations.
Acted as the key focal point of operations question from the trading desk as well as the operation team.
Performed UAT testing and static data and limit set ups for clients.
Liaised with front office and back office, confirmation of trading transaction, trades transfer, investigated and resolved trades matching and dealing with the expiries.
Supported and monitored an in house trading system, trade validation, reconciliation and handled queries pertaining to trade issues from internal and external counterparties.
Led daily reconciliation process with key counterparties.
Provided operations support for commodities, futures and options transactions.
Managed day-to-day clearing and settlement processes and investigated and resolved outstanding issues on a same-day basis.
Acted as the key interface with front office, middle office, operations and finance in both the UK and Asia, provided operations advised to other division of the bank.
Ensured smooth trading operations provided key risk monitoring and reporting.
Assisted on static date set ups such as supported the account opening process and advised on operations-related issues for the following major markets:.
2004  Citigroup (M) Trade Services Sdn. Bhd., Penang, Malaysia.
Ensured the accuracy and documentation and identified any missing information.
Liaised with the Taiwan department to clarified any problems and resolve issues.
Ensured operations receive trade documentation quickly to minimise indexing delays.
Updated investment records and systems, resolved transaction and reconciliation issues.
2006 – 2007 Cass Business School (City University), London, UK.
MSc in Logistics, Trade and Finance (awarded Cass Business School Scholarship).
Modules included International Economics, Advanced Quantitative Methods, Financial.
Derivatives, Principles of Finance, Private Equity Investment, Corporate Finance,.
Languages: Hokkien/Taiwanese (native), English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Malay (all fluent).
Technical skills: MS Office, Adobe, MYOB Accounting, SPSS, E-Views, DataStream, Bloomberg,  Reuters, Database, Murex, TRS, UBIX from GL Trade (SunGard), Citrix Metaframe, Stellar X Risk, London TT X Risk, SARA Risk (PATS System), Risk Informer, Rainbow TEO, Client Record Management System (CRMS), Currenex, RMS, LMS, CQG, Fidessa, IRESS, GMI, Clear vision, OM Secure, TORO, Mercury, CCASS, Titan, Consensys.Cell (8610) 186-1190-1112  E-mail: guoding.han@yahoo.com.
Skills: Technical proficiency in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.
Vice President, Relationship Manager, Corporate and Investment Banking.
Working as a relationship manager to original, develop and maintain business relationship.  ：.
Working with parent account manager to evaluate the local client’s credit risk and financing need.
Leverage treasury and markets sales team to offer diverse solutions and service to our customers, including working capital loan, cash management, trade and trade financing, FX solutions etc.
With more than 40 MNC groups’ coverage and revenue wallet size is more USD10MM.
Responsible for the entire credit origination and approval process, which include industry research, financial analysis and credit monitoring and approvals.
Timely review facility documentation and administration to ensure compliance with policy and law.
Vice President, Relationship Manager, Corporate and Investment Banking.
Working as a relationship manager to original, develop and maintain business relationship.  ：.
Working with parent account manager to evaluate the local client’s credit risk and financing need.
Leverage treasury and markets sales team to offer diverse solutions and service to our customers, including working capital loan, cash management, trade and trade financing, FX solutions etc.
With more than 40 MNC groups’ coverage and revenue wallet size is more USD10MM.
Responsible for the entire credit origination and approval process, which include industry research, financial analysis and credit monitoring and approvals.
Timely review facility documentation and administration to ensure compliance with policy and law.
Associate, credit risk analysis and client coverage, Wholesale Banking.
Worked with Senior Relationship Manager and Director to originate and execute diverse new deals.
Drove new & annual review credit proposals preparation and responsible for the end to end request.
Performed in depth research and analysis for due diligence, including industry, client business profile, group structure, competitors, buyers, suppliers, financials spreading and cash flow analysis.  Managed daily transactions and conducted on going post monitoring for assigned portfolio.
The portfolio products including bilateral working capital/term loan, syndication loan, trade finance and FX credit line with limit amount from CNY100Mn to more than CNY1Bn.
Substantial experience of working with ext. & int. legal, clients and operation team to close deals.
Associate, credit risk analysis and client coverage, Wholesale Banking.
Worked with Senior Relationship Manager and Director to originate and execute diverse new deals.
Drove new & annual review credit proposals preparation and responsible for the end to end request.
Performed in depth research and analysis for due diligence, including industry, client business profile, group structure, competitors, buyers, suppliers, financials spreading and cash flow analysis.  Managed daily transactions and conducted on going post monitoring for assigned portfolio.
The portfolio products including bilateral working capital/term loan, syndication loan, trade finance and FX credit line with limit amount from CNY100Mn to more than CNY1Bn.
Substantial experience of working with ext. & int. legal, clients and operation team to close deals.
Credit Officer, north regional credit approval team, Corporate Banking Division.
Reviewed credit proposals for medium to large local corporate submitted by northern branches.
Negotiated the credit facility structure and term sheets with relationship manager to optimize the structure and minimize the credit risk.
Reviewed the cash flow projection, valuation report, site visit report to assess the collateral status and repayment schedule for project financing, restate and commercial property term loan.
Prepared credit assessment sheet and recommendation for final approval.
Credit Officer, north regional credit approval team, Corporate Banking Division.
Reviewed credit proposals for medium to large local corporate submitted by northern branches.
Negotiated the credit facility structure and term sheets with relationship manager to optimize the structure and minimize the credit risk.
Reviewed the cash flow projection, valuation report, site visit report to assess the collateral status and repayment schedule for project financing, restate and commercial property term loan.
Prepared credit assessment sheet and recommendation for final approval.
Senior Associate, Assurance and Advisory, Financial Service Group.
Diverse project engagement experience: BOC (IPO), CITIC Bank, NCB, New China Life etc.
Substantial credit review experience through performing industry and financial analysis to assess the loan portfolio in diverse industries for our banking clients.
Demonstrated the capability to use DCF approach to assess and provide provision for NPL assets.
Reviewed A&H share financial account, management discussion and analysis base on CAS/IFRS.
Identified and assessed the financial and internal control issues, assisted to prepare and deliver formal presentation report to client senior management.
Mentored, coached and coordinated team member to work effective and efficiency.
Professional training experience of accounting, financial statement analysis and financial regulation.
Senior Associate, Assurance and Advisory, Financial Service Group.
Diverse project engagement experience: BOC (IPO), CITIC Bank, NCB, New China Life etc.
Substantial credit review experience through performing industry and financial analysis to assess the loan portfolio in diverse industries for our banking clients.
Demonstrated the capability to use DCF approach to assess and provide provision for NPL assets.
Reviewed A&H share financial account, management discussion and analysis base on CAS/IFRS.
Identified and assessed the financial and internal control issues, assisted to prepare and deliver formal presentation report to client senior management.
Mentored, coached and coordinated team member to work effective and efficiency.
Professional training experience of accounting, financial statement analysis and financial regulation.Seeking a long-term career with a reputable organisation where professional experience, education and abilities will be further developed and utilized.
Assistant Manager (Advisory – Transaction Services), July 2015 to Present.
Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team in buy-side and sell-side transaction advisory engagements, providing financial due diligence, divestiture support and post deal assistance to major corporate, MNC and private equity clients.
Analysing Target company data to identify historical financial trends, quality of earnings and working capital considerations and potential liabilities and risks which may impact valuation of the Target company.
Preparing high quality, tailored transaction advisory reports and presentations for client deliverables.
Participating in the business development activities for the buy-side and sellside.
Involved in SGX listed companies, Multinational Corporations (MNCs), Private equity companies and local companies deals.
Senior Associate (Advisory – Transaction Services), March 2014 to June 2015 PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Malaysia – (December 2010 to March 2014).
Audit Executive Senior (Assistant Manager), January 2014 to March 2014.
Assist in reviewing audit working paper and control testing.
Perform statutory audit as well as financial analytics on financial statements of public listed and private limited companies.
Main client: Sime Darby Property Berhad, Tesco (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd, Malaysian Resources Corporation Berhad, 3M Malaysia.
Experience in auditing clients in various industries, i.e. property development and construction, investment holding, retail, trading, manufacturing and etc.
Schedule, conduct and organise audits from planning stage up to finalisation of the audit. This includes supervision and coaching of assigned junior staff. - Perform review of consolidation schedules and consolidation journal entries - Perform review of deferred tax and tax computation schedules.
Provide solutions to audit clients on financial accounting matters such as application of IFRS as well as internal control improvements.
Assist in other projects when needed. For example, special assignment (Audit Upon Procedures).
Experience in performing control testing of companies in various industries.
Auditing for published financial statements of public listed & private limited companies.
Schedule, conduct and organize audits of full complexity for conformity with policies and procedures of company.
Prepare deferred taxation computation and the reconciliation worksheet.
Review audit working papers prepared by junior auditors and report to manager in charge on the progress of each audit assignments.
Review consolidation workings and consolidation journal entries.
Helped in other projects (Special audit, for example IPO listing engagement.).
Member of CPA Australia (Certified Practising Accountants).
2006-2008    Bachelor of Business (Major in Accounting/Banking & Finance).
- Member of organising committee that organised the Away Day.
Joined Victoria University Business Club (VUBC) for 2 years.
-Member of organising committee that organised Victoria University Ball for 2 years.
Joined CPA Australia Sunway University College Student Charter.
-Member of organising committee of 1-Day Undergraduate Business Conference.
-Helped out in all activities of the club, sports competition, and other charity events.
Capable of reading and writing in English, Malay, and Mandarin.
Reading, Table Tennis, Football, Futsal, Badminton, Basketball.Address: Room D, 8/F, Block 1, Grand Promenade, Sai Wan Ho, Hong Kong Tel: 6776 1071      E-mail: cheungfungki@gmail.com.
Sylebra HK Company Limited is the appointed investment advisor of Sylebra Capital Management, a fundamentally orientated investment firm with a focus on technology, media and telecom sectors.
Daily operations include trade & cash management, reconciliation, valuation and performance reporting.
Compile periodic reports include tax report, regulatory short disclosure and OTC derivatives filing.
Liaise with external services providers include administrators, Prime Brokers, software technician upon identification of any queries, gaps or inefficiencies regarding accounting, operating and reporting model.
Reporting enhancement and efficiency improvement on daily operations.
Analyse financing and commission schedules. Assist CFO in re-negotiating more favourable pricings (spreads on cash and swap financing; security lending and commission rates) with Prime Brokers.
Transfer securities and cash between PBs regularly, taking financing cost, counterparty exposure level, margin add-ons and excess relief into consideration.
Mainstream BPO Ltd. (ASX: MAI) is the parent company of FundBPO, which provides fund services with offices in Sydney, Melbourne, Singapore and Hong Kong. FundBPO acquired Hedge Fund Operations in July 2014.
Email and phone query management and full accountability for query resolution related to settlements, CA, tax, trade, risk, valuation and other day-to-day issues raised by clients, brokers and administrators.
Development, negotiation, implementation and monitoring of service level agreements with clients. Identify service delivery issues and client request to manager, suggest solution and project plan. Build relationships with client to understand requirements and expectations via client meetings and calls.
Support in project development includes system migration, UAT testing, impact and error analysis.
Work with technicians from different software provider on data formatting, transformation and transition.
Reconcile, approve and sign off swap reset, NAV and month-end activities from Administrators.
Coordinate with internal and external units on on-boarding 6 new funds over 2-year-period.
Trade & Cash management for extensive asset classes (Cash, Swap, Options, Futures, FX, P-Notes).
Trade matching & settlement. Resolve unmatched trade with Prime Brokers, Administrators and Traders.
Conduct Transaction, Position, Price, Cash and P&L reconciliation. Fix break discrepancies.
Daily reports preparation, including P&L, NAV, Exposure, shadow margin, Risk and VaR reporting.
Language  Native Cantonese speaker, business fluent in English and Putonghua.
Music  Grade 8 Piano; Grade 5 Violin and Viola. Member of the School Orchestra and Choir.
IT  Proficient user of MS Word/ Excel, VBA, Paxus, Tradar, Omgeo Imagine and Geneva.
Cass Business School, UK         MSc Mathematical Trading & Finance, 62.77%.
Dissertation: Interlinkages between Stock and Currency Markets .- Merit.Solid working experience and product knowledge in respect of Fund administration, Global custodian and Trustee services.  Familiar with the daily trade operation and fund valuation processes with hedge funds, Mutual funds, Unit Trusts and ORSO schemes.
Possess team leading roles in several top tier financial institutions, including HSBC, Citibank, Macquarie and Alter Domus.
Significant exposures and involvements in Client relationship management, Workflow standardization, Change management, Application enhancement and System implementation.
Strong knowledge of Money market, Cash equity, Fixed Income, Derivatives and Structure products; hand on experience on operational procedures and interbank communication protocol.
Proficient communication skills with fund managers, investment advisors, individual/institutional investors, bank custodians, prime brokerages, fund administrators and auditors.
Demonstrate analytical, rational and problem-solving capabilities. Perform task-oriented with strong sense of team work and modest project management skills.
To obtain a challenging operational and managerial position which I can utilize my working experience, product knowledge and lean management skills with a growing company to achieve optimum utilization of its resources and profit maximization.
Holder of SFC’s Type 4 representative license (Advising on Securities) ; Principles and Practice of Insurance (Paper I); General Insurance (Paper II); Long Term Insurance (Paper III); Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Examination (MPFE); Investment-linked (Paper V).
Rutgers University - The State University of New Jersey, Newark, NJ, U.S.A.                            May/2000.
Bachelor of Arts, May 2000  Major:  Economics  Cumulative GPA: 3.18.
RELEVANT COURSES: Principles of Accounting I & II, Money and Banking, Corporate Finance, Finance, Managerial Economics, Financial Economics, Industrial Organization, History and Economics thoughts, Intermediate Microeconomics, Intermediate Macroeconomics, Seminar in Economics, Labor Seminar, Economics of Labor, Econometrics I, Management Information Systems, Principles of Marketing, Contemporary Business, Calculus, and Statistics.
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (ASIA) Limited (HTHK/ BBCL/ SNFE)–Hong Kong Aug/2015 – Present.
High-level checking on daily and weekly NAV from Unit trusts, Mutual funds, and ORSO schemes and signoff fund prices to Bloomberg and fund managers.
Conduct daily cash and securities reconciliation, trade processing and Corporate action monitoring.
Intensively work with different oversea outsourcing teams within HSBC group to identify and resolve issues raised from the fund valuation process.
Liaise with fund managers, funds auditors to ensure the daily operation processing and year end audit practices.
Perform investment compliance reporting and documentation.
Conduct interim and annual financial reporting preparation for Unit trusts, Mutual funds, and ORSO schemes.
Review and implement new workflows for daily operation in regard to fund administration process, group’s global compliance policy and latest market requirements.
Assist the senior management for administrative & procedure control/ planning and ad hoc project.
Account review and preparation, class action processing, compliance check, cash and securities reports to Fund managers; Facility arrangement, Global standard, Setting up new trust AC, Portfolio valuation.  Financial statement reporting.
Alter Domus Alternative Asset Fund Administration HK Ltd (ADAAFA) – Hong Kong Mar/2008 – Jul/2015.
Supervised middle office and fund valuation teams in regard of trade processing and monthly fund valuation processes.  Maintained control over our daily operation in accordance with the company operation compliance guidelines.  (dual control, checklist and override procedures…).
Conducted checker/ authorizer function within the delegated client’s bank accounts to approve cash payments in regard to FX transactions, fund redemptions, monthly fee payments and trade file upload on behalf of our hedge fund clients.
Handled direct daily inquiries from fund managers/fund advisors, prime brokers, executing brokers, custodians, auditors, fund administrators and others service vendors.
Coached new team members/intern to learn, adapt and handle new tasks in respect to our fund valuation process and middle office support tasks.
Ensured the completeness and validity of our clients' transaction records in order to comply with regulatory requirements and company's compliance standards. (KYC, Anti-money launching, sanction checks, gift policy, insider trading policy, etc).
Reviewed and updated the operation procedures periodically and ensured that our standards meet up the new business environments and clients' needs.
Assisted with headquarter IT and overseas’ branch teams with regular/ad hoc projects & related client servicing activities. (FATCA, AIFMD…).
Assisted with our recruitment process, internship program and other HR related issues.
Interacted with our hedge fund clients and their vendors in regard to new account implementation, bank account setup and others operational procedure finalization.
Attend the due diligence meeting for our hedge fund clients and their potential institutional investors;  and demonstrated our current operation procedures which complied with regulatory and internal compliance standards.
Conducted phone conference/ business visit to our prospect clients to promote our Fund admin services and provide them tailor-made mid to back operational support package along with our regular fund services.
Account opening referral is to assist with our startup hedge fund clients to open new bank accounts with our allied banking partners.
Handled and coordinated the ad hoc IT projects in regard to our new system implementation, application upgrade, UAT testing and others application migration projects. (Rainbow Trade and Rainbow data are our in-house developed applications which create trade file in designated format for prime brokerage and custodian; and also extract pricing and corporate action data from the info vendor.
Communicated and coordinated between local HK teams and headquarter IT to implement and test our BCP and DRP in regard to potential disaster situation.
Performed derivatives settlement for HK, JP, and US markets.
Conducted transactional verification for OTC option, swap, structure note derivative products and FX.
Engaged general corporate actions in term of coupon payment, redemption, and new issue payment.
Responsible for product database maintenance and consistency for all OTC products’ records.
Periodically reviewed of daily operation processing among with front desk and middle office.
Examined the daily cash reconciliation reports for our own department accounts.
Supported external counterparties and customers regarding to all settlement, funding, billing, reporting and reconciliation issues.
Participated system upgrading project and system testing.
Performed trade settlement for Fixed Income instruments including local Government bond, Corporate bond, Commercial paper, Bank acceptance and Cross boarder Structure products.
Conducted corporate actions for the CSTL' own portfolio and for our customers.
Liaised with front office and other support teams to resolve problems in term of product MIS, credit line review and internal procedure update.
Monitored Fixed Income Trading desk to ensure compliance with local regulations and internal compliance policies. Monthly reported to the Central Bank and Brokerage association.
Participated system enhancement in term of planning, outsourcing and testing in accordance to the new guideline in timely and accurate manner.
Supervised the daily routines among with the settlement team makers.  Also conducted monthly Billing processing, Account opening, Vault custodian, New Business applications implementation and Projects budgeting (SDLC management records).
Managed the daily local settlement operation; control customers' instructions pre-matching against brokers' confirmations.
Oversee the Deposit Receipt (DR) and ECB conversion; authorized exceptional trade processing procedures in accordance with local regulations and Citigroup compliance policies.
Participated the Citigroup's regional Business Continuing Plan (Business Recovery operation); attended the country level compliance meeting (BUCO); engaged the periodic system testing (UAT) with our Regional servicing centre in Singapore.
Citibank N.A. Hong Kong, Global Security Services (WWSS/GSS)- Hong Kong         Mar/2001 - Aug/2003.
Handled the Securities Settlement in the following categories - Global Equities and Bond Settlement Services, Securities and Bonds Safekeeping, Name Registration, Income Collection, International Remittance, Foreign Currency Exchange, Stock Reconciliation, Securities and Cash Account Maintenance and Securities Lending Assistance.
Communicated with foreign brokers and counter parties to clarify the settlement discrepancy.  Resolved the long outstanding settlement or cash discrepancy issue with third parties.  Reported the unusual cash and security moments towards client's ac to internal audit.
Assisted the customer service in resolving any settlement discrepancy issues.
Participated in new system conversion testing (UAT)and attended periodically training to enhance the market and technology knowledge to perform the best service to our clients.
The markets that I have primarily supported are Japan- BOJ & JASDEC, USA- DTC/FEDWIRE , , , , , Philippine, ETC.
Reuters Hong Kong Limited, Marketing Department - Hong Kong                             Dec/2000 - Mar/2001.
Conducted the research regarding to the online stock trading companies in Hong Kong E-commerce sector.
Analyzed the patterns and characteristics of online trading service providers in HK.
Examined our service subscribers' web sites and ensured the Reuters' real-time data and financial news have been re-distributed accurately and legally.
Rutgers University, Rutgers Accounting Research Center – Newark, NJ, U.S.A.            Oct/98 - Jan/2000.
Created, maintained and updated HTML/CGI files of the Accounting and Information Department, such as websites for distance learning, academic programs and professors' publications.
Edited, organized and posted the updated information regarding to 's academic requirements and state requirements of CPA examinations.
Responded to inquires of web users regarding Rutgers Accounting Programs at the .
Assisted with the design of a corporate funded Rutgers website that allowed their corporate employees to participate in distance learning programs.
Chase Manhattan Bank, Lockbox Services - New York City, NY, U.S.A.                    Jul/1998 - Sept/1998.
Inspected and encoded all incoming checks, money orders and other money payments in order to transfer funds among clients' accounts without any error.
Reported and mailed updated summary lists to clients to demonstrate recent account activities.
Assisted the customer service department in returning and reporting payment problems.
Familiar with banking and middle office applications, including IMS, GHSS, GTAP, HSBCnet, Citibanking, Bloomberg, Imagine, Paxus, Frontend, Secore, Flexcube, Oleca, Peachtree, Wall street, Ronin, CMG, Merva, Euroclear and standard Microsoft applications as Server 2003, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook.   Trained in word processing (Type 40 wpm).  Fluent in English, Cantonese and Putonghua.Block 171, Bukit Batok West Ave 8, #09-355, Singapore 650171.
5 Distinctions in Mandarin, Mathematics, Additional Mathematics, Combined Humanities, Geography.
Planned and conducted end-to-end audits for credit processes and account opening process of institutional banking group.
Understood processes and identified process gaps and control lapses.
Prepared audit reports with findings and recommendations for presentation to senior management.
Managed up to three ongoing audits to complete within the stipulated timelines.
Managed and led teams of up to 16 members to perform statutory and compliance audit for clients in the financial institutions and non-banking sectors, including.
Mega International Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. Singapore Branch,.
Conducted regulatory audit which includes compliance tests in accordance with MAS 610, 612, 613 and 640.
Understood processes, identified controls and designed test steps for control testing. Examples of processes covered include credit reviews, loans, deposits, treasury, inventory, human resources, revenue, and expenses.
Audited valuation and net asset value (NAV) of investments including funds and private equity investments.
Identified significant accounting issues, proposed solutions and communicated to managers, partners and clients.
Presented major findings and recommendations to senior management in the form of management letters.
Prepared budgets and staff allocation plans for audit engagements.
Reviewed audit work papers and coached junior audit associates to develop their technical skills.
Managed up to three ongoing audit engagements and ascertained that engagements are completed within stipulated budget and timeline through effective time management.
Assisted in the coordination of APAC quarterly closing activities.
Managed quarterly metrics and governance reporting for global and APAC reporting.
Drove resolution of governance issue which include implementing preventive checks to ensure governance compliance.
Prepared quarterly GST reporting to IRAS and conducted tax compliance reviews.
(3) Network For Electronic Transfers (Singapore) Pte Ltd             Jan 2006 – Sep 2006.
Conceptualized internal operation workflows for product launches, promotions.
Administered and supervised new operation procedure, ensuring new workflow is able to integrate with existing procedures.
Acted as liaison and facilitated open lines of communications among various parties who are involved in the project.
Assessed newly implemented IT systems to forecast problems and minimize end-users difficulty in coping with the new system.
Worked in teams or individually for different projects effectively to complete project deliverables.
Participated in the planning of Graduation Night 2004 and Love Fiesta 2 in 2005.
Guided students to come up with their proposals for the respective projects.Liaising with prime brokers, including UBS, Deutsche Bank and Goldman.
Reconciliation process across the derivative, equity swaps, futures, cash equity, convertible bonds and options.
i)Liaising with prime brokers : UBS, Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs.
ii)Managing the settlement and reconciliation process across derivative, equity swaps, futures, cash equity, convertible bonds and options. iii)Coordinating the onboarding of new China based portfolio manager. iv)Daily reconciliation of fund NAV and margin call.
i)Liaising with prime brokers : UBS, Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs.
ii)Managing the settlement and reconciliation process across derivative, equity swaps, futures, cash equity, convertible bonds and options. iii)Coordinating the onboarding of new China based portfolio manager. iv)Daily reconciliation of fund NAV and margin call.
Communicate with the clients and IRD officers for investigation purpose and report to the partner.
Drafting the investigation findings and discuss with the senior manager for the investigation purposes.
i) Communicate with the client in the field work and report to the manager, their mills are the 5th largest global paper making company. ii)Audit Planning and discuss with the manager.  iii)Leading 3 juniors under my supervision. iv)Review files and audit working.
vii)Preparing the disclosure notes. viii)Drafting the financial reports under HKFRS and Company Ordinance.
i)Communicate with the client in the field work and report to the manager.
ii)Audit Planning and discuss with the manager.  iii)Leading 2 juniors under my supervision. iv)Review files and audit workings.
Industrial: Manufacturing the expanded polystyrene and expanded polyolefin.
i)Participation of IPO due diligence audit in China for the track record period. ii)Prepare the verification notes with IPO categories. iii)Finalized the prospectus for the bulk print.
i)Audit Planning and discuss with manager for the proper audit plan.
ii)Preparing the Analytical Financial Statement for the consolidation accounts.
Associate of Business Administration: Economics and Finance.
International Phonetic Institution, Singapore by Professor Raymond Huang J.P.
International Phonetic Institution, Singapore by Professor Raymond Huang J.P.
Bloomberg, OMS, EMS, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS outlook, MYOB.
Bloomberg, OMS, EMS, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS outlook, MYOB.Specialisation in Business and Financial Modelling (Wharton, University of Pennsylvania, on-going course).
Logistic Director for YMCA - PwC Overseas Community Project in Pathein, Myanmar (2015).
Leader of YMCA - PwC Overseas Community Project in Nepal (2016).
• Focus industries: financial services (investment-linked funds), asset management, retail, oil and gas, and shipping.
• Exposure to investment-linked funds, performed market benchmarking of fund valuation and review of fund operations and valuation process.
• Ascertain reasonableness of client cash flow projection models using industry growth trends as well as reasonable discount rates.
• Identifying business drivers, one-time gains/losses and assessing earnings quality when performing variance analysis/flux analysis of financial performance.
• Assessment of financial health of companies by using financial ratios (current/quick ratio, debt ratio, etc.) to address going concern issues.
- Complete new Know Your Client profiles for prospective clients Review and update KYC profiles.
- Conduct Trigger Event handling to ensure Anti-Money Laundering and internal Know Your Client policies are met.
1. Financial performance of SG government to implement value-for-money principles:.
Analyse financial and policy data of various government organisations.
Develop customised financial ratios to analyse policy effectiveness (e.g. event sector generating the most tourism dollars per dollar of policy funding).
Provide recommendations on potential improvement to the government schemes such as EDB grants, MediCare, etc.
Present findings to Permanent Secretary of MOF and facilitate discussions for agencies to set their future roadmap.
2. Successfully delivered the financial systems on which the whole SG government is now using:-.
Review forms and reports and confer with management and users about format, distribution, and purpose, and to identify problems and improvements.
Stakeholder mapping, conduct change management and draft of communications for smooth implementation.
Manage and negotiate with the system integrator to meet the user requirements-.
Document findings of study/workshops and prepare recommendations for implementation of new systems, procedures, or organizational changes.
- Held directorship position in Nanyang Business School Service Learning Club, to share knowledge with VWO/charities and improve their finance/business processes.
Financial Analysis, Financial Audit, Financial Reporting, Financial Statement Analysis.
Bloomberg Terminal, Consulting, Excel, modelling, PowerPoint.Contact No: +65 9645 4090 - E-mail: e.yuhaini@gmail.com - Nationality: Singaporean.
Banking operations specialist with 9 years’ work experience in global financial institutions in Singapore and Japan. Experienced in bank functions ranging from investment banking operations to private wealth operations, serving as an effective point of contact for traders, sales and relationship managers.
IBF Qualified (Level 1) in Corporate Banking (Specialisation: Enterprise/Wholesale Banking).
Fluent in English and Malay, Japanese (N2) and Korean (Topik II Grade 3).
Collateral Management and Lending Officer (Department: Global Securities Financing Operations).
Clearstream Banking S.A.Singapore          November 2015 to Present.
Oversees Triparty Collateral Management process which involves the handling of trade.
notifications/closures and all related collateral life cycle actions.
Trade reconciliation and customer report handling process such as exceptions,  fails handling, custody actions related to the Collateral Management process.
Administer the  securities lending process which includes the timely input and settlement of trades.
Supported Sales team in handling customer queries related to the Triparty Collateral Management services and lending services.
Securities Administrator (Department: Issuance and Distribution Services).
Clearstream Banking S.A.Singapore                  April 2012 to November 2015.
Evaluated eligibility of prospectuses and term sheets for international and domestic issues based on Terms & Conditions.
Mitigated operational risks by strictly enforcing control measures and procedures.
Supported the firm to fulfil its regulatory obligations through timely investigation on all suspect cases flagged by Compliance screening tools.
Key member of team for new client service offering to set up security codes for Taiwanese securities in Taiwan domestic market.
Developed expert knowledge in assessing prospectuses and termsheets.
Maintained perfect record in client servicing, experiencing 0 claim from customers, contributing to high service level delivered by team.
Led training for an electronic ISIN- application system to new client as part of client on-boarding process.
Liaised with institutional counterparties for trade confirmations.
Ensured trades were accurately booked, with a keen eye for identifying discrepancies.
Rectified discrepancies in trade bookings through direct liaison with traders, eliminating errors in settlement.
Established excellent working relationships with client-facing traders despite operational back-end role.
Developed an understanding of working with local Japanese stakeholders.
Derivatives Client Services (Department: Global Markets and Investment Banking).
Merrill Lynch Global Services Pte Ltd                    July 2008 to December 2009.
Part of key task force in charge of liaising with back-office of institutional clients on derivatives trade settlement issues.
Led team of 3 to spearhead migration of Australian trading desk servicing from Japan office to Singapore.
Minimized trade discrepancies and resolved them efficiently by collaborating with front office, trade support and finance teams.
Integral point of contact for middle office, finance and external counterparties.
Participated in 2 global UATs to enhance working procedures through system improvements.
Ensured smooth transition by overseeing and implementing new workflows and documenting manuals for transfer of work functions.
Improved system interface to make information more efficiently available to users, reducing daily processes by 1 man-hour.
Cash Control Analyst (Department: Global Markets and Investment Banking).
Merrill Lynch Global Services Pte Ltd                              July 2007 to July 2008   Reconciled nostro accounts, ensuring funds received are applied accordingly.    Minimized exceptions and managed them in a methodical manner.
Executed client requests accurately and in a timely manner, acting as critical liaison for internal clients in client-facing roles.
Acquired expert knowledge of private banking, remittance and payment processes.
2014 Operations Certificate Programme (OCP) ICMA Executive Education in Brussels, Belgium.3 years experience in reviewing financial forecast and financial model.
3 years experience in reviewing financial forecast and financial model.
1 year experience in variances analysis and standard costing.
1 year experience in variances analysis and standard costing.
Specialize in business valuation, financial due diligence, forensic accounting and purchase price allocation projects;.
Research and understand macro and micro factors of clients’ industries (i.e. automotive manufacturing, medical devices manufacturing and exhibition) driving their businesses;.
Perform in-depth financial analysis on the historical and forecasted financial (i.e. revenue growth, GP, EBITDA, EBIT, NOPAT and operating expenses);.
Identify reasons for growth or fluctuation and business trends;.
Review and comment on the reasonableness of KPI and client’s financial forecast and financial model;.
Perform net working capital and cash conversion cycle analysis;.
Work closely with clients from all levels ranging from Financial Controller to finance executive;.
Perform business valuation models including discounted cashflow, cost approach and market approach;.
Research and gather data on comparable companies for WACC computation;.
Identify finance and approval processes inadequacy for accounting irregularities;.
Drafted various proposals, engagement letters and reports which include business valuation, financial due diligence, forensic accounting and purchase price allocation.
Specialize in business valuation, financial due diligence, forensic accounting and purchase price allocation projects;.
Research and understand macro and micro factors of clients’ industries (i.e. automotive manufacturing, medical devices manufacturing and exhibition) driving their businesses;.
Perform in-depth financial analysis on the historical and forecasted financial (i.e. revenue growth, GP, EBITDA, EBIT, NOPAT and operating expenses);.
Identify reasons for growth or fluctuation and business trends;.
Review and comment on the reasonableness of KPI and client’s financial forecast and financial model;.
Perform net working capital and cash conversion cycle analysis;.
Work closely with clients from all levels ranging from Financial Controller to finance executive;.
Perform business valuation models including discounted cashflow, cost approach and market approach;.
Research and gather data on comparable companies for WACC computation;.
Identify finance and approval processes inadequacy for accounting irregularities;.
Drafted various proposals, engagement letters and reports which include business valuation, financial due diligence, forensic accounting and purchase price allocation.
Specialized in financial due diligence and corporate restructuring (i.e. liquidation);.
Specialized in financial due diligence and corporate restructuring (i.e. liquidation);.
Researched and understood macro and micro factors of clients’ industries (i.e. healthcare and semiconductor manufacturing) driving their businesses;.
Researched and understood macro and micro factors of clients’ industries (i.e. healthcare and semiconductor manufacturing) driving their businesses;.
Performed high level financial analysis and provide commentary on the variances;.
Performed high level financial analysis and provide commentary on the variances;.
Performed net working capital and cash conversion cycle analysis;.
Performed net working capital and cash conversion cycle analysis;.
Provided recommendations to address and mitigate identified risks;.
Provided recommendations to address and mitigate identified risks;.
Work closely with clients from all levels ranging from Financial Controller to finance executive.
Work closely with clients from all levels ranging from Financial Controller to finance executive.
To pursue full-time Master of International Business in Australia.
To pursue full-time Master of International Business in Australia.
Reviewed and approved budget submitted by production department;.
Reviewed and approved budget submitted by production department;.
Prepared variance analysis report on thecauses for the variances.
Prepared variance analysis report on thecauses for the variances.
Master of International Business, Monash University, Australia.
Master of International Business, Monash University, Australia.
Master of International Business, Monash University, Australia.
Bachelor of Commerce (Hons) Accounting, University Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia.
Bachelor of Commerce (Hons) Accounting, University Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia.
Bachelor of Commerce (Hons) Accounting, University Tunku Abdul Rahman, Malaysia.Placed on Dean’s List and recipient of Deloitte Meritorious Award.
Research Assistant for School of Accountancy, assisted in the adaption of test banks to ensure their conformance with latest developments in IFRS.
Teaching Assistant for various advanced accounting modules, including Corporate Reporting and Advanced Financial Accounting.
Captain of SMU Archery Club, with active involvement in local archery community.
Placed on Dean’s List and recipient of Deloitte Meritorious Award.
Research Assistant for School of Accountancy, assisted in the adaption of test banks to ensure their conformance with latest developments in IFRS.
Teaching Assistant for various advanced accounting modules, including Corporate Reporting and Advanced Financial Accounting.
Captain of SMU Archery Club, with active involvement in local archery community.
Lead senior of largest listed local brokerage firm, responsible for project administration and supervision of audit fieldwork; managed a team of 4 and ensured timely delivery of quality audit under budget constraints.
Successful resolution of multiple accounting technical issues during audits, including disclosure for complex financial derivatives, assessment of purchase price allocation for acquisition, and revenue recognition for transaction involving illiquid quoted equity instruments.
2 times recipient of Deloitte Applause Award for outstanding performance beyond scope of job.
Consistently rated as high performer during annual performance reviews.
Significant exposure to IFRS reporting, acquisition accounting, and regulatory requirements of financial institutions with anti-money laundering measures.
Lead senior of largest listed local brokerage firm, responsible for project administration and supervision of audit fieldwork; managed a team of 4 and ensured timely delivery of quality audit under budget constraints.
Successful resolution of multiple accounting technical issues during audits, including disclosure for complex financial derivatives, assessment of purchase price allocation for acquisition, and revenue recognition for transaction involving illiquid quoted equity instruments.
2 times recipient of Deloitte Applause Award for outstanding performance beyond scope of job.
Consistently rated as high performer during annual performance reviews.
Significant exposure to IFRS reporting, acquisition accounting, and regulatory requirements of financial institutions with anti-money laundering measures.
Regional role based in Singapore with exposure to different countries within Asia Pacific Region.
Assisted in preparation of financial report that is in compliance with US GAAP.
Worked on ad-hoc finance projects, such as preparation of reports to Singapore Department of Statistics, and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Regional role based in Singapore with exposure to different countries within Asia Pacific Region.
Assisted in preparation of financial report that is in compliance with US GAAP.
Worked on ad-hoc finance projects, such as preparation of reports to Singapore Department of Statistics, and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Among first 30 candidates nationally to be admitted as Chartered Accountant (Singapore) to be admitted under Singapore Qualification Programme introduced in 2013.
Active involvement in community services include teaching autistic children basic computer skills, teaching children from underprivileged families basic financial concepts, and facilitator for organising fund raising event for patients suffering from muscular dystrophy.
Received testimonial for outstanding performance during national service in Singapore Armed Forces.
Among first 30 candidates nationally to be admitted as Chartered Accountant (Singapore) to be admitted under Singapore Qualification Programme introduced in 2013.
Active involvement in community services include teaching autistic children basic computer skills, teaching children from underprivileged families basic financial concepts, and facilitator for organising fund raising event for patients suffering from muscular dystrophy.
Received testimonial for outstanding performance during national service in Singapore Armed Forces.Extensive product expertise on cash equities, equity derivatives and FX products, both in operational workflow and valuation.
Familiar in transaction cycle and reporting requirement in multiple Asia markets.
Hands on experience on settlement cycle from trading desk to clearing house matching.
Solid understanding of risk based Greeks and knowledge on numerical and tree approach on derivative pricing methodology, including the Vanna-volga method.
Excellent Programming ability in VBA, C++; with application experience on Monte Carlo simulation.
Experienced financial auditor able to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines, and with ability to interact with personnel at all levels.
Strong analytical skill and a fast learner, with ability in quickly diagnosing problems and arriving at solutions.
To pursue a career as valuation and risk specialist with solid understanding on across the board asset classes and to develop expertise in risk management techniques, where my strength in quantitative mathematics and computer program modeling ability can be put into full use.
Technical Coverage: Stochastic calculus, PDE, Trinomial Tree pricing model,.
1997 Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine, London, U.K.
Modules: Database, Simulation System, Object Oriental Design and Programming.
The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKIPCA).
Supervise a team of four for operational and product control functions for the funds/accounts.
Daily coverage over front-to-back progress from trade capturing, settlements, reconciliations and corporate actions events with Prime brokers and Custodians.
Risk-based Margin monitoring and multi-currency cash surplus/deficit management for minimizing counterparty risk.
Exposure, Leverage and Liquidity Reporting on the Portfolio.
Performance attribution analysis by sector, markets and etc.
Ensure level of accuracy for regular reporting to clients and investors.
Spreadsheet modeling and development for VaR, Stress Test and Sensitive Test.
Address valuation issue of unlisted and/or illiquid securities.
Internal process review and control points installation to minimize operational risk.
Developed and ongoing maintenance of VBA driven templates for automation of reports and NAV generation processes.
Coordinate with IT and internal users for System Implementation and UAT on new system or version upgrade.
Review and verify monthly fund valuation prepared by fund administrator subject to series accounting and equalization accounting.
Liaise with external auditor and regulatory authority for financial statement preparation and other due diligence review.
Assist in the calculations and confirmation of Passive foreign investment company (PFIC) statements for US investors with external tax consultant.
Compilation of Management & Statistics Report and investigation of Budgetary Variance.
Assessed the effectiveness of Internal Controls and Financial Operation Procedures.
Documentation and Evaluation with reference to Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirement.
Utilize Analytical Review technique to target discrepancy or abnormality for investigation.
Technological Assessment on potential B2B and B2C application development.
Commercial Diligence on ITT sector projects and propositions.
Conduct research focused on FTSE 100 and Deutsche BorseNeuerMarkt equities based on Relative Strength Index (RSI), Moving Average Convergence/Divergence etc.
Technical analysis automation development based on Omega TradeStation and MS Visual Basic for intuitive graphical presentation.
ASP platform development supported with MS SQL for in-house content management system.WORK EXPERIENCEfdfksoffffffffffffffffffffffff  ffffffffffffffffffffffff            ffffffff fffffffffffffffffffcffffff         fffff sdF.
Recognised for my exceptional performance by receiving fast-tracked out-of-cycle promotion.
Buy side and sell side financial due diligence of financial institutions in South East Asia, China and Hong Kong.
Advised financial services clients, including corporate investors and private equity firms on banking and insurance transactions, highlighting key deal issues that will impact the purchase price for investors.
Experienced with reviewing financial data, credit procedures and regulatory requirements to identify issues that will impact the net asset value and normalised earnings of financial institutions.
Performed industry benchmarking to understand the relative performance of the Target financial institutions and identify potential areas of improvement.
Familiar with conducting management meetings to understand the business of the Target, and to evaluate the competency of the Target management to achieve their business plans.
Worked alongside the corporate development team of a UK-based global bank on a buy side due diligence project to develop the financial model for a run-off retail book.
Worked closely with other advisors including tax, legal and actuary to capture the financial aspect of their due diligence findings. Presented comprehensive financial analyses to clients, also highlighting considerations that investors should take into account in the sales and purchase agreement/ shareholders agreement in majority and minority stake scenarios.
Banking: buy side due diligence on a Chinese online commercial bank and a postal savings bank; multiple retail, commercial and microfinance banks in the SEA region including Vietnam, Cambodia, Brunei, Philippines and Singapore. Vendor assistance for a UK global bank’s disposal of its banking operations in Asia.
Insurance: buy side due diligence on (re)insurers in Thailand, Indonesia and Singapore.
Others: buy side due diligence of a Chinese real estate lender; a Malaysian gaming and online payment provider with global operations; a Singaporean/ Malaysian debt collection company; and an American corporate housing provider.
Continuous monitoring of market news and regulatory updates to identify potential business opportunities.
Liaison person with other network firms in Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Korea and Taiwan to exchange the latest proprietary opportunities in the market, and potentially pairing interested buyers and sellers.
Prepared fact pack on the banking and insurance landscape in SEA for client meetings.
Assistant Manager, Transaction Services               September 2014 – February 2015.
Masterskill Education Group and Philippine Academy for Aviation Training Inc.
Executive Senior, Assurance, Financial Services                September 2009 – August 2014   Financial due diligence.
Ironshore Inc., MCIS Zurich, Kurnia Insurance and MUI Continental Insurance.
Research the regulatory and market structure as well as distribution arrangements of life insurance industry in Malaysia for the purpose of Financial Advisory Industry Review by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Researched the motor insurance industry in Malaysia to assist Daimler in producing a corporate agent proposal.
Assisted to produce a white paper on Corporate Governance in Malaysia and presented the comparative results in regards to a global perspective on best practice in compliance.
Audit of non life insurance company – AXA Affin, Tokio Marine and ACE Jerneh.
Audit of shared services – Vanbreda International, AIG Global Services, Ace Asia Pacific Services.
Audit of asset management – CIMB Principal Unit Trust Management, Alliance Fund.
Undertook research on the ASEAN market, in particular the real estate, food & beverage and pharmaceutical sectors. Assisted members of the Corporate Finance M&A team in undertaking financial analysis, to analyse the past growth and profitability of companies, for deal origination and execution work. Also undertook case studies research that was included in the Corporate Finance internal training programme.
Researched companies in the Asian market (mainly India and China), to analyse the potential growth and profitability of securities through financial reports and meetings with management.
EDUCATION ffdpfspodfksofffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffc           fffffffffff        s  sdF.
Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales  (ICAEW).
Awarded Public Service Department Malaysia scholarship for outstanding Malaysian students; selection is based on academic performance and all-round leadership track record and potential.
Awarded Cambridge Commonwealth Trust and Moody-Stuart Fund.
Project Director for the Cambridge University Malaysian food festival (for 200 people).
Straight distinctions (5 As) at Cambridge A-Levels: Economics, Mathematics, Further Mathematics, Physics and General Studies.
Student Representative of the Chinese Society and Martial Arts Society.
Awarded Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) scholarship, given to students with the most outstanding academic potential and leadership qualities in the ASEAN region for study in Singapore.
Subang Utama Secondary School, Malaysia               January 1999 – November 2003.
11 Distinctions (11 As) at the SPM (O-Level equivalent) examinations: Mathematics, Additional Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Economics, Accounting, History, English, Mandarin, Malay and Moral Ethics.
President of the Red Crescent Society, Geography Society and Table Tennis Club.
ADDITIONAL SKILLSfksofffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffcff            fffffffff s           dss.
Advanced language proficiency in English, Malay, Chinese (Mandarin and Cantonese).EY, Strategy and Transformation, Senior Consultant (November 2015 - Present, Singapore).
Won EY “Better Begins with You” award for driving exceptional client service.
Performed the commercial due diligence for a various business acquisitions (e.g. Indonesia cinema chain, global fast food franchise, online grocery retailer) for private equity and corporate clients.
Lead and drove several work streams including assessing industry attractiveness (e.g. growth, size), competitive landscape and target analysis, using hypothesis driven and answer first approach.
Prepared and conducted research based on primary (e.g. expert interviews, questionnaires) and secondary research (e.g. Euromonitor, Capital IQ).
Conducted the post-merger integration for various deals, including a major deal (>US$5bn) in the beauty and cosmetics industry.
Centrally led and coordinated work and communications across 5 geographies (SG, AU, CN, JP, SA, ME) and across work streams (Tax, Accounting, HR).
Managed the project plan and cadence, ensuring that milestones are tracked and completed, and any issues are escalated to senior management in a timely manner.
Analysed the post-merger integration risks for target’s finance functions and provided recommendations for mitigation.
Set the approach and delivered on various key project work streams (e.g. organizational design, key cutover activities).
Performed the FTE and cost analysis for the assessment of a shared service centre for Phase 2 of the integration.
Presented to the key regional and global stakeholders (Business Process Owners, CFOs, GMs), receiving positive client feedback for excellent presentation skills and relentlessly driving the project forward.
Pitched for and secured the post-merger integration project with a major payments provider.
Provided oversight and guidance to deliver a 100-day work plan for the project.
AIG, Capital Management Analyst (August 2013 – October 2015).
Prepared the P&L, Balance Sheet and Capital Impact forecasts and analysis for the various reinsurance projects.
Project managed and coordinated the Fed Resolution Planning for AIG Asia Pacific and Legal Entity Restructuring for AIG Thailand.
Excellent knowledge on the various regulatory and rating agency capital models and frameworks.
Utilize this knowledge in preparing the credit ratings pitch for the many entities in the region and achieved a ratings upgrade for several of them.
Exhibited strong insurance regulatory knowledge when preparing management decks which assess the capital and regulatory impact for new capital frameworks, such as China’s new C-ROSS and Korea’s RBC regime.
Performed regular capital reporting to regional management and global headquarters as well as for regulatory reporting purposes.
Involved in capital planning, forecasting and stress-testing to ensure capital adequacy for entities in the Asia Pacific region.
Optimize capital usage in the APAC region by reducing inadmissible assets.
Barclays Capital, Barclays Capital, Graduate Analyst (June 2011 - August 2013, Singapore).
Designed and prepared detailed reports and analysis on the various operational risks and controls for senior management.
Assisted the bonds and rates traders, by validating, booking trades and performing front to back office reconciliation.
Displayed good product and system knowledge by trouble-shooting and dealing with various queries from traders and counterparties, such as failed trades, incorrect economics and system issues.
Lead and coordinated various projects within the reconciliations team, such as the testing and rolling out of Bquery, streamlining of security profiles and the migration of various roles to India.
Rotated and worked in the documentation, incoming and settlement teams within Equity Derivatives, gaining a holistic understanding of the trade life cycle and the risks involved.
Drafted confirmations for OTC derivatives, displaying good product knowledge and comprehension of ISDA Definitions.
Displayed critical thinking by enhancing reporting functions to achieve time efficiency, through the use of VBA macros.
Networked and interacted with various Directors and MDs during the events and courses hosted by Barclays Capital.
Presented my ideas and projects to directors and managers in a clear and concise manner, receiving positive feedback on my excellent presentation skills.
BlackRock Financial Company, Intern (August 2008, Singapore).
Evaluated the performances of BlackRock Mutual Funds and profiled portfolio companies based on past as well as expected future valuations.
Evaluated the political as well as sovereign credit risks inherent in investing in emerging markets such as Brazil, Mexico and Turkey.
Completed a study on investing via Futures versus Commodity Equities on Blackrock Commodity Funds.
Researched the impact of the U.S presidential election on BlackRock New Energy Fund.
Shadowed the Director of Sales through his daily routine, which included meeting clients, training sessions and sales meetings.
Received positive feedback on my ability to go beyond the scope and deliver more than requested.
I am a Taekwondo Black Belt and enjoy playing golf during my free time. I am well read on current financial and global affairs and manage a personal portfolio of equities.
Team leader of the winning team for the prestigious Samsung Marketing Competition in 2005. Displayed my interpersonal and communication skills by engaging the audience and judges in an effective and creative approach.
IT Skills: Advanced user of Microsoft Office, SAP software and Bloomberg.
Languages: Fluent in spoken and written English and Mandarin.A highly motivated individual with experience in financial due diligence and auditing of various industries including listed and multinational companies. Competent in providing professional advice in areas such as accounting and internal control systems. Able to work with all members of staff and maintain a professional relationship with the client. Outspoken team player and enjoys a fast-paced work environment. Presently seeking to broaden commercial experience in a finance role with a reputable company. Willing to travel and on short notice.
Manager, Transaction Advisory Services, EY Solutions LLP, Singapore, May 2016 – March 2017.
Manager, Assurance, EY LLP, Singapore, February 2014 – April 2016.
Senior Associate, Assurance, Deloitte, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, January 2011 – January 2014.
Analyse and evaluate target’s industry, quality of earnings, assets, revenue streams and cost drivers to identify any business and financial impact on the potential deal.
Conduct due diligence and highlight key findings such as negotiation points and technical accounting matters for senior managements and board of directors.
Assess significant customer/vendor relationships, product and project developments by reviewing purchase/sales contracts, customer/vendor concentration and terms which impact targets’ EBITDA.
Present comprehensive financial analysis of EBITDA, net debt, working capital and cash flow, etc. for start-ups, retail, entertainment, e-commerce and oil & gas targets in Singapore, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. Assurance.
Team lead for group audits of companies listed in Singapore, Malaysia & Australia and component audits for offices in Italy, Japan, Hong Kong and Australia.
Diverse professional experience covering a range of industries from manufacturing, luxury retail, trading to construction and financial services.
Plan, co-ordinate and execute audit engagements effectively to ensure timely completion.
Prioritise and delegate audit working papers to engagement team members.
Exercise professional judgement in identification of key risk areas.
Prepare and critically review statutory accounts to ensure they fully comply with company law and financial reporting standards.
Keep up-to-date with recent developments to accounting and auditing standards.
Facilitate client meetings and manage expectations of senior-level clients.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants - ACCA (Current).
Professional Qualification | Status: 13 out of 14 examinations completed.
University of the West of England/Taylor’s University (2008 – 2010).
#23-03, 7 Alexandra View, Singapore, 158741. +65 9186 4989 maal89@gmail.com.Experience:   Fund of Funds, Private Equity Funds, Real Estate Funds, Hedge Funds,.
Manager Selection, Performance/Risk Management, Project Management.
Engaged in asset management, with investment in venture capital funds, private equity funds, real estate funds, hedge funds and direct investments.
Established a framework for “unbundling” funds to look through to underlying investments and identify industry, geography, currency and other risk and profile attributes.
Developed a checklist of the key terms of funds and direct investments to assess prior to investing, with the aim of formalizing and improving the due diligence process.
Deep experience in project management, procurement, contracts administration and cost control gained from years of engineering work at MTR Corp.
Demonstrated competency in strategic and analytical thinking and the management of complex projects involving multi-party negotiation and coordination.
On-going monitoring of fund operations and responsible for compliance function.
Build the infrastructure to facilitate execution of investment transaction.
Liaise with external service providers such as auditors, fund administrators, legal counsels and brokers.
Build financial models/ discounted cash flow models for real estate development projects.
Review valuation models and financial models of hotel investments.
Solicit with senior government officials and work out alternative solution to meet statutory requirements.
Interview and review prospective consultants and contractors.
Evaluate prospective private equity funds, venture capital funds and hedge funds.
Review prospective fund’s Private Placement Memorandum, Limited Partnership Agreement, Due Diligence Questionnaire, Subscription Agreement and prepare summary of key terms and recommendation reports.
For direct investments, review Purchase & Sale Agreements, Shareholder Agreements and other important agreements, and prepare summary of key terms and recommendation reports.
Interview prospective fund managers and prepare meeting notes setting out the investment strategies and approaches to facilitate the decision making process.
Review valuation models, financial models, discounted cash flow models.
Analyze and evaluate financial statements, investment reports and investment details of funds and direct investments.
On-going monitoring of the performance of funds and direct investments.
Verification of management fees, performance fees and carried interest.
Cash flow management of the portfolio to ensure ability to meet capital calls.
Liaise with external service providers such as auditors, administrators and brokers.
Redemption of hedge funds and transaction of PE funds in secondary markets.
Before joining the finance industry, I worked in the commercial function within the engineering industry.  I am a chartered engineer holding professional membership of MICE and HKIE.  (A full CV detailing my responsibilities during these years can be provided on request.).
Procurement and project management of engineering/ infrastructure projects.
Pre-qualification assessment (due diligence) of tender bidders.
Drafting board paper (tender recommendation) for approval of board of directors.
Cost control/ quantity surveying function of engineering contracts.
Projects handled include Octopus Card system and procurement of passenger trains.
Risk and Bidding for Construction (a post-graduate course of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University).
Real Estate Development (a post-graduate course of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University).
Risk Management (a 2-day in-house training course conducted by the Consultant “Arthur D. Little”).
Investment Analyst; Associate; Operations, Research & Risk Officer.
SFC Type 4 (Advising on Securities) and Type 9 (Asset Management) Licensed Representative.Middle office associate with 3 years of experience in trade management, reconciliation and account reporting for hedge funds.
Provide trade booking activities and monitor settlement process for equities, CFDs, futures, options, forex, fixed incomes.
Perform daily cash and position reconciliation, and identify the breaks between prime brokers and the book. Closely liaise with brokers and prime brokers to resolve unsettled trades.
Responsible in accounting activities such as securities pricing, dividends and corporate actions booking, and process subscriptions and redemptions.
Security master and commissions schedule maintenance and creation.
Involved in client onboard activities such as fund setup in internal trade management system, trade file setup and testing with various prime brokers.
Writing standard operating procedures for internal use and training new starters.
Analyze clients’ needs and provide financial services on retirement, risk, and investment strategies and planning.
Assist in fund research and discover opportunities in the markets to execute client instructions in fund switching and manage their portfolio.
University College Dublin (Bachelor of Business Studies in Finance).
Hong Kong Community College (Major in Accounting and Finance).Eurasian Private Equity Senior Associate with entrepreneurial experience and mindset.
Closed a $18million deal in the construction services industry.
Advised a private Chinese investor who bought a distressed retail company under LBO.
Manager Transaction Advisory Services at Ernst&Young and Red2Green (boutique).
Financial modelling, valuation, due diligence for over 30 deals.
PRIVATE EQUITY SENIOR ASSOCIATE (since 2017) – UNITY GROUP, Singapore.
Perform valuation, return analysis and financial modelling for investment opportunities in childcare and construction sectors;.
Prepare and present Investment Memorandum for review by the Investment Committee;   Participation to deal negotiation and structuring.
Closed a $18million deal in the construction services industry.
SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST (2015-2016) – REDMART, Singapore.
Ad hoc analysis for the Management (new projects and expansion in South East Asia);.
Built the FP&A function and deal closed with Lazada (Alibaba Group) which bought RedMart after a 4-month due diligence.
INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT CORPORATE FINANCE (2013-2014) – France.
Entrepreneur advising the main shareholder of a French company under LBO (turnover: €80million, 162 stores).
Turnover of the company I built: €144k, net result on the period: €94k.
Main tasks as member of the Management Committee and member of the Investment Committee.
Analyse investment opportunities and responsible for the deal process (external growth operations);.
Strategic analysis and financial modelling of the new business plan of the company;.
Build and present the business plan for a partnership with the best European rugby team;.
Participate in the building of a new commercial strategy and presentation to the banking pool with the CEO;   Identify levers of restructuring, calculate financial impacts and determine action plans.
Create ad hoc analysis and decision-making tools for the CEO/shareholder;.
Assist the CFO in Working Capital improvement, Cash Management and negotiations with the banking pool;   Responsible for the implementation of a reporting, a budgeting process and a cash forecast model;.
Quarterly presentation to the Management and the banking pool of reporting, budget and cash forecasts.
Success in negotiations with the banking pool: renewal of short-term financing lines (€24millions);   Building on the tools implemented, creation of a financial controller position with training of the recruit.
Manage Transaction missions and Financial modelling missions;.
Manage Restructuring missions: assist the Management in producing a diagnosis on the origin of difficulties, helping them to identify levers of restructuring, calculating and forecasting financial impacts;.
Successfully shared responsibility of direct exchanges with top Management, shareholders, banking pools, investors.
SENIOR TRANSACTION ADVISORY SERVICES (2009-2011) - ERNST & YOUNG, Paris, France.
Buy-side due diligences and vendor due diligences in English & French;.
Financial modelling (valuation, business plans, cash forecasts and projections of balance sheets);   Advisory and assistance to bankrupt or distressed companies - financial turnaround diagnoses;   Manage teams (between 2 and 4 people) and lead Excel training.
Lead a complex project for a distressed conglomerate of 84 companies: advisory and meetings with representatives of Ministry of Finance, top Management, lawyers, bankers, investors;.
Create a financial valuation model in support of a transaction (mass-market retailing company, turnover: €600m);.
Missions in various business sectors (including retail, FMCG, luxury, cosmetics, services, tourism, oil & gas, industry) and in international environments (Scotland, Gabon, Angola, Reunion Island, Guyana).
JUNIOR FINANCIAL AUDITOR (2007-2009) - ERNST & YOUNG, Paris, France.
Audit assignments for MNCs (Total, LVMH, Lagardère), big groups (Cegelec, Andros, Lenôtre) and SMEs.
I successfully achieved my tasks and was charged of 3 assignments acting as senior while I was junior.
 The e-commerce start-up I helped in an entrepreneurship competition (CJE awards) won the 1st prize (10 000€).
Top French school of Business and Management (AACSB, AMBA, EQUIS accredited); Major: Finance.
Intensive classes to prepare for the competitive exams to enter the “Grandes Ecoles” (Major: maths & economics).
French “baccalauréat” majoring in science with first class honours (equivalent to A-level).Specialist Diploma in Fund Management & Administration, Nanyang Polytechnic.
Bachelor of Applied Science (Merit), National University of Singapore.
(Chartered Institute for Securities and Investment - CISI).
Introduction to Securities & Investment (International) Certification, 2012.
(Chartered Institute for Securities and Investment - CISI).
(Chartered Institute for Securities and Investment - CISI).
Assist in the resolution of client queries to provide high quality responses in a timely manner and serve as the escalation point for any queries.
Follow up on outstanding client queries by liaising with internal parties and external parties (custodians and brokers).
Conduct regular service reviews and arrange client visits in coordination with Relationship Management/Sales.
Recommend service enhancement to increase clients’ satisfaction.
Maintain comprehensive understanding of market, vendor and regulatory implications to effectively advise clients of implication to their operating environment.
Building relationships with the assigned clients to understand client requirements and expectations.
Coordinate ad hoc projects initiated by clients or internal stakeholders.
Respond promptly to client and investment manager queries and provide timely resolution of operational issues.
Liaise with relevant State Street departments and external 3rd parties to ensure optimal problem resolution.
Monitor and enforce compliance and risk management policies and assist with implementation of new policies and operational procedures.
Ensure agreed client deliverables are met and any issues or delays escalated promptly.
Ensure all internal controls and audit requirements are met according to procedures/policies.
Ensure all information in operational databases is accurate and current at all times, including fund specific procedures.
Plan and supervise the work processes of the group and ensure execution of required tasks.
Supervise of junior staff and support their development through mentoring and training.
Facilitate client’s placement of trade instructions in funds and account opening with internal counterparties as well as with the external Transfer Agents/Administrator.
Provide high quality client service externally and internally, answering inquiries and resolving problems from clients.
To ensure quality controls - manage all incoming phone calls, emails and faxes around the receipt and processing of client orders.
To build good understanding of all fund product offerings and timings relating to internal or external fund cut-offs.
Monitor any abnormal trade instructions and provide monthly reporting to stakeholders.
Act as a point of escalation for operations team with regard to funds related issues - Settlement, Corporate Action, Transfer and Reconciliation.
Updating of processes and procedures to ensure efficiency and to minimize risks.
Shareholder Services, Global Distribution and Transfer Agency.
Supervise a settlements team in handling day to day unit trust’s settlement and investigation of unsettled trades. Serve as a point for escalation for client queries.
Process subscription and redemption for onshore/offshore unit trusts.
Ensure timely daily reporting of trades to fund managers and fund valuation teams.
Perform settlement of trades and daily payments reconciliation.
Citibank N.A., Regional Operations & Technology Financial Control.
Assist manager in planning and executing Business Recovery Plan.
Positive attitude towards learning new knowledge and problem solving.Associate, Strategy and Corporate Finance Practice  Selected client engagements:.
Developed a 3-year turnaround strategy and business plan for a Japanese automotive OEM as part of its wider post-merger integration to transform into a top 10 player globally.
Conducted commercial due diligence on a healthcare asset for a Sovereign Wealth Fund.
Developed and implemented a strategic roadmap for an ASEAN-based National Oil Company to enter power utility business, including structuring the financing, EPC and entire bid package for its first power plant project.
Expert skillset: strategy consulting and implementation, commercial due diligence, corporate portfolio management, financial modeling, corporate finance advisory, post-merger integration, etc   Heavily involved in business development efforts to win competitive proposals for the Firm.
Focused on financial sponsor coverage efforts in the European region.
Worked with seniors bankers to provide M&A & LBO financing advisory to key private equity & SWF clients.
2012 - 2014  Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group  Australia/Singapore/ASEAN.
AVP (Asian Investment Banking Division - Loan Syndication Department).
Major client sector coverage: oil & gas, utilities, transportation, real estate, infrastructure, and industrials.
Led and closed over 30 new syndicated debt mandates in ASEAN and Australian markets.
Distributed loan assets to various financial institutions on secondary market to enhance the bank’s ROE.
Prepared financial modeling and conducted company/industry research for credit due diligence purposes.
Originated and structured over US$10bn worth of debt issues – M&A financing, asset/project finance, LBO etc.
Led in pitching and proposing debt financing strategies to clients.
Independently negotiated on commercial terms and legal documentation with clients and legal counsels.
Norway’s largest financial group & world’s leading energy-focused bank with US$288bn of assets.
Core member of energy financing team covering the entire energy industry in Asia with $10mn P&L budget.
Experienced in building DCF models and performing in-depth credit analysis for due diligence purposes.
Put up proposal to convince global credit committee and secure internal approval for new loan transactions.
Deeply involved in the deal structuring of the bank’s first three project finance transactions in Asia.
US$8.5bn project finance debt to fund an onshore LNG liquefaction plant in Australia.
US$750mn reserve-based lending (RBL) loan for India’s largest oilfield development project.
Asian affiliate of US’ leading mid-market investment bank, Houlihan Lokey.
Actively pitched for corporate finance mandates and conducted fundamental research for deal execution Deals closed include:.
US$70mn equity-linked note financing advisory deal on a Indonesian coal mine acquisition.
2008 - 2009  CapitaLand (formerly Surbana Fund Management)  Singapore/China.
One of Asia’s largest property companies, with US$36bn of assets.
 Built financial models and prepared sector research report to support real estate financing deals.
2015 – 2015  INSEAD MBA Class of December 2015  France/Singapore.
Winner of 2015 NUS Private Equity Case Competition sponsored by Temasek Holdings.
2010 – 2012   CFA Institute Qualified as CFA Charterholder in 2012    USA.
2004 – 2007   Nanyang Technological University Bachelor of Accountancy  Singapore.
Languages: English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent) & French (Basic).
Professional Association: Leadership committee member of Asia Pacific Loan Market Association (APLMA).As a graduate in accounting fields, I have acquainted myself with a range of skills that would allow me well organized and able to work independently. Moreover, after gaining few years of working experience, I would like to develop my career in an all-around fund service profession.
  Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting), Curtin University of Technology, Australia.
Perform security master reference data set up, daily trade bookings and ensure all transactions are processed within internal system in a timely and accurate manner.
Handle daily cash management, including clients’ fund transfers, prepare cash projection and forecast reports.
Preparing trade transactions, position and cash reconciliation; Investigate booking discrepancies and reconciliation exceptions.
Work closely with internal and external counterparts to ensure all reconciliation breaks are resolved.
Prepare trade settlement instructions to sub-custodian; Monitor all settlement transactions closely to avoid any  failed trades.
Perform compliance checking on related investment activities and ensure meeting the applicable rules and regulations.
Process and monitor Corporate Actions activities and ensure all instructions are managed and executed promptly and accurately by sub-custodian; Record the relevant CA event details into internal system as well.
Supervise team of two colleagues; provide training and coaching junior staffs on daily operations.
Trade booking and allocation on equity, SWAP, FX and future & options etc.
Communicate with trader, prime broker and executing brokers regarding all trade matters, including trade settlement, trade give up, trade matching etc.
Preparing trade transactions, position and cash reconciliation.
Corporate actions process and booking, including stock dividends, stock split, rights, spins off, placement etc.
Perform Net Asset Value (NAV) estimation and NAV reconciliation for clients  Prepare risk and exposure report for clients.
Trade booking and allocation on equity, SWAP, FX and future & options etc.
Communicate with trader, prime broker and executing brokers regarding all trade matters, including trade settlement, trade give up, trade matching etc.
Preparing trade transactions and position reconciliation.
Corporate actions process and booking, including stock dividends, stock split, rights, spins off, placement etc.   Perform Net Asset Value (NAV) estimation for clients.
Position: Assistant Officer, Fund Accounting & Valuation Department.
Calculating Net Asset Value (NAV) for different portfolio, including QDII, SFC and MPF authorized funds.
Compliance checking, ensure all portfolio have not breach related rules and regulation.
Assist in preparing quarter & year-end financial statements.
Accounting department support, included daily accounting functions.
Preparing month-end closing and year-end financial reports.
Job description: In charge on the handling of cash money, general customer services.
Position: Assistant to Director of Finance & Administration.
Job description: General administrative, such as data entry, filing & copying, etc.
MS Office, Bloomberg, Geneva, Sophis, Imagine, Omgeo, Multifonds.119 Pasir Ris Grove, The Palette, Unit 04-59, Singapore 518174.
Reporting directly to Director of Strategy & Business Development (Asia), work scope ranges from defining business strategy, planning to supporting project implementation.
Heavily involved in the Asia-wide annual strategic planning process by driving the development of 5-year growth plans for 4 business units in partnership with regional and product group leaders.
Identified potential growth opportunities for specific business units and worked closely with business leaders to develop business plans and support strategy-to-action execution.
Contributed to the successful implementation of 7 strategic initiatives in partnership with project sponsors, driving execution planning, monitoring and reporting.
Program managed JCI-Tyco post-merger integration activities in APAC by working closely with workstream leaders in developing integration master plans and facilitating governance forums.
Program managed ADT (Air Distribution Technologies) post-merger integration activities in Asia.
Led the development of a solid market intelligence (MI) platform, which includes monthly MI reports, market and competitor database and online MI plaza, serving as a foundation for strategic / business development initiatives.
Key projects: JCI-Hitachi go-to-market strategies, Singapore Service growth options, Japan Controls deep dive business review, Malaysia Residential AC market re-entry, Korea channel expansion, Philippine market baselining.
Contributed to the due diligence of various private investment opportunities by providing market research and analytical support.
Conducted periodic valuations and monitored the performance of portfolio companies and fund investments.
Prepared and circulated industry newsletters and Asia macroeconomic updates.
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Singapore        May 2011 – Oct 2011.
Contributed to daily, weekly and monthly macroeconomic research publications on emerging Asian markets.
Worked on thematic projects on debt sustainability analysis, intra-regional trade in Asia, AUD as a leading indicator of currency movements in Asia, rebalancing of current accounts in Asia.
Claremont McKenna College, United States of America                                            Sep 2010 – May 2011.
Relevant Coursework: Advanced Accounting Analysis, Corporate Finance, Portfolio Management, Financial Econometrics, Financial Economics, Asset Pricing and Derivatives, Entrepreneurial Finance, Investments.
Singapore Management University, Singapore        Aug 2006 – May 2010.
Bachelor of Business Management with a major in Finance (Summa Cum Laude).
Teaching Assistant Positions: Corporate Finance, Applied Econometrics, Intermediate Microeconomics, Intermediate Statistics, Persuasion: The Business of Influence.
Awards: School Salutatorian, Monetary Authority of Singapore Academic Excellence Award, Top Student of the School of Economics Awards (1st, 2nd and 4th Year), Singapore Management University Scholarship Award.
University of Manchester, United Kingdom                      Aug 2008 – Dec 2008.
Functional Expertise: Strategic Planning, Business Case, Stakeholder Alignment, Project Management.
IT Knowledge: Superior spreadsheet software and presentation software skills.
Certifications and Training: Passed CFA Level 1; Participated in four Training the Street’s workshops: ‘Financial Modeling’, ‘Excel Best Practices’, ‘Leveraged Buyouts’, and ‘Merger and Acquisitions’.As a Manager in PricewaterhouseCoopers M&A Transaction Advisory Services, I have developed project management skills, strong quantitative and analytical ability (synthesized large amount of information to identify deal issues) and effective communication skills.
I specialise in buy-side financial due diligence projects working with private equity firms, government and corporate clients focusing on cross-border transactions across South-east Asia.
Conducted extensive financial due diligence for various industries (consulting and construction services, real estate, manufacturing, facilities management services, trading and among others) as part of the M&A transaction Selected projects that I was involved include:.
Merger of JTC and Temasek to create an integrated urban solutions platform via its merger of two construction and engineering services company (Surbana-Jurong) and two asset investment companies (Ascendas-Singbridge) (Deal size: US$3.8 billion);.
Dymon Asia Private Equity acquisition of UE Managed Solutions (UEMS), a company providing facilities management services in Singapore, Malaysia and Taiwan (51% stake, Deal size: S$12 million);.
A private equity proposed acquisition of a manufacturer of data storage and other industrial products in Malaysia, China, Thailand and Philippines (Deal size: US$10.4 million).
A private equity proposed investment in an e-commerce logistics start-up company with operations focused in Singapore and Malaysia (Deal size: Not disclosed);.
A private equity proposed series investment in a China photo-editing app;.
A corporate proposed acquisition of an integrated engineering and construction management group primarily based in Australia (Deal size: A$451 million);.
A corporate proposed acquisition of 50% stake in a Grade A office tower in Singapore CBD (Deal size: S$415 million).
Project management and liaise with colleagues from different areas of the Deals group to assist in the M&A project.
Assist in developing and maintaining strong relationships with appropriate client contacts and help to respond to their business needs.
Performing detailed analysis and review of historical financials to identify deal issues that could present future risks to an acquiring business. Performed various revenue analysis to identify trends in the business (e.g. customer concentration, profitability trends.
Identifying companies’ key business drivers and M&A synergies, quantifying sustainable EBITDA and adjusted net working capital.
Performed statutory audits for companies listed on the main board of Singapore Stock Exchange, agricultural companies, luxury consumer product companies, retail companies, cost-plus companies, holding and trading companies, and wholesale companies. Selected engagements that I was involved include:.
An Initial Public Offering (IPO) engagement in China comprising a 3-year audit as well as a review of financials in the prospectus and MDNA to be submitted to SGX;.
Involved in forensic audit investigations for a luxury retail company;.
Involved in reviewing and evaluating the design and implementation of internal controls for SOX 404 testing for one of the largest phone company;.
Team lead for a Singapore-listed company in the telecom and IT network company;.
Was the team lead for most of the engagement and was able to enhance my skills set which include leadership, time-management and cultivating team-work.
Exposed in various group audits as the Group Auditor or Component Auditor.
Performed statutory audits for companies listed on the main board of Singapore Stock Exchange, holding and trading companies, construction companies, shipping companies, education sector, retail, and operating services sectors.
Served as auditor-in-charge with a wide range of duties to enhance a different skills set such as leadership, discipline and self-management skills. Reviewed and provide guidance to Junior Associates and vacation trainees during the course of the audit.
Exposed in various group audits as the Group Auditor or Component Auditor during my working experience with BDO LLP.
Thorough knowledge of first level review of basic audit work reports by Associates   Involved in every phase of the audit process from Planning to Completion.
2011 - 2014      Member of Certified Practicing Accountant (CPA Australia).
Subjects: Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, English.
Tertiary Entrance Ranking Score (TER): 89.45% Achievements:.
Ping Pong Competition Year 2006 (Petaling District Level) – Third Place.
Appreciation certificate as a President of the Girl Guide Association.
Participated in inter-department badminton competition for Advisory Department.
Monash Overseas Christian Fellowship, Cell Group Co-leader (2010) – In Australia  Monash University Malaysian Student Association, Member – In Australia.
Ping Pong Club, School representative (3rd Place for the Petaling District Female Competition), Member (Entered Ping Pong School Competition 2006, 2nd Place).
Interact Club, Rotaract Club Member in college (2005- 2007).Participated in Accounting Study Mission (Shanghai, Hangzou).
‐  Main focus on appreciating accounting in the Chinese context.
‐  Understand China’s industry development through visits to  China’s key industries which include Alibaba, Baosteel, China Mobile and Lenovo Shanghai.
Copenhagen Business School, Spring Exchange 2012  Jan 2012 – Jun 2012.
Six months exchange program with overseas business school.
Senior Audit Financial Services, KPMG Services Pte Ltd  Jan 2013 – Present.
Global investment fund company, listed on London Stock Exchange.
‐  Coordinated reporting to Group auditors in London, Hong Kong and Australia.
Investment holding company based in Singapore with global presence.
‐  Review of FRS110 restatement working for group financial statement.
‐  Designed procedures to review implementation of consolidation system.
‐  Review of component auditor work papers from Pakistan, India and Indonesia.
‐  Review of impairment assessment and valuation workings in accordance of FRS 36.
Media and investment holding company, Listed on Singapore Stock Exchange.
‐  Review of financial announcements to comply with SGX listing rules.
‐  Designed new audit procedure for review of newly implemented regulation.
Organised corporate friendly with City Developments Limited, client of KPMG   Awarded Service Excellence Award 2013.
Associate (Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants).
   Passed Pre-Admission Course and attained Associate designation.Results-oriented finance professional with a strong passion for mathematical finance with over 8 years of experience in publicly traded financial institutions. Proven track record in financial modeling, model risks estimation, delivering value and innovation in quantitative finance. Core competences:.
Financial Modeling      Structured Products        Derivatives Valuation      Risk Management.
Calibration      Model Risks       Programming          Quantitative Research.
QUANTITATIVE ANALYST, MANAGER. VC-Methodology, Standard Chartered Bank, Singapore. Senior Vice President.
Managed a long-term  project with a main goal to assist a valuation team to  implement a process of localizing, quantifying and documenting interest rate and equity models risks and deficiencies.
Supervised interest rate  models calibration analysis targeting an identification of  weak sides of interest rates models used for pricing of structured products.
Developed and innovated numerous functional programming language modules for in-house model risk reserving tools.
Led design and development of new model reserve documentation standards. Created and maintained a unique set of model reserve documents (200+ pages) describing valuation, model risks of and weak sides of calibration of traded structured products.
Organized maintenance and regular updates of a proprietary model reserve valuation adjustments code library in Haskel.
Counseled stakeholders and developed modeling part for advanced XVA and AVA risk management standards.
Managed more than 20 projects targeted in depth analysis of model deficiencies. Designed, conceptualized and introduced to stakeholders innovative model reserve adjustment methodologies. Actively communicated with external and internal auditors.
Interest Rate Products: Bermudan swaptions, accreting swaptions, range accrual and spread range accrual products, callable range accrual and callable dual range accrual products, quanto caps/floors and swaptions.
Interest Rate Models: Black-Scholes, modified SABR type models, Static Replication Approach, Copula Model, Linear Gauss Markov model (LGM), Libor Market model (LMM).
Equity Products: autocallable products, variance derivatives, quanto/compo options, American options, range accrual derivatives. Equity Models: Black-Scholes model, Dupire model, Heston model.
Participated in a highly innovative project of establishing an independent derivative pricing service at Société Générale.
Assessed and implemented case by case pricing techniques for equity, FX, interest rate and hybrid structured products.
Conducted an extensive quantitative research and supervised a successful onboarding of new class of volatility derivatives.
Equity and FX Derivatives: Vanilla, digital, forward start, quanto, power, exchange options, call spreads, put spreads, calendar spreads, exchange rate options, FX swaps. Callable, auto callable structured products, basket derivatives. Volatility and Correlation Derivatives: Variance swaps (vanilla, corridor, forward start). Volatility, covariance, gamma, entropy swaps, correlation swaps, variance and volatility options, dispersion products.
Interest Rate Derivatives: vanilla and non vanilla swaps, caplets, floorlets, caps, floors, swaptions, more complex structures, hybrid interest rate/equity products.
Commodity Derivatives: call/put options, commodity swaps, spread options, commodity quanto products, complex commodity structured products.
MASTER OF SCIENCE (SECOND YEAR) IN STATISTICS AND RANDOM MODELS IN FINANCE. Jointly awarded by University Paris7 (Denis Diderot) and University Paris1 (La Sorbonne), France.      2006-2007.
Core Modules: Stochastic Calculus, Statistics, Backward Stochastic Differential Equations, Monte Carlo Methods, Financial Instruments, Stochastic Processes in Finance, PDE for Finance, Interest Rate Modeling, Calibration of Models, Credit Risk Modeling, Risk Management (Value at Risk).
Thesis: Pricing and Hedging of Variance Derivatives. The purpose of a dissertation was to describe and implement different variance pricing techniques including replication strategy, approximate solutions, stochastic volatility and jumps solutions.
MASTER OF SCIENCE IN MATHEMATICAL FINANCE. Graduated with distinction. University of Hull (UK).    2002-2003.
Core Modules: Mathematical Methods in Finance, Discrete Time Modeling and Derivative Securities, Portfolio Theory and Risk Management, Stochastic Calculus and Black-Scholes Theory, Numerical Methods in Finance.
Thesis: Option Pricing in Heath-Jarrow-Morton Framework (HJM). Main idea of the dissertation was to show an evolution of term structure modeling with emphasis on HJM, BGM and to develop a practical implementation of the HJM technique.
Languages:  Ukrainian: native. Russian: native. Engish: fluent. French:  fluent.
Programming Languages: Haskell (Mu), C++. OS: Windows, Unix.
Computer Skills: Microsoft Office Pack (Word, Excel, Access, Power Point), Numerix.
LANGUAGES, COMPUTER SKILLS, TRADING/PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT SKILLS.VMS Investment Group is a privately owned multi-asset class, multi-strategy investment management company with an AUM in excess of US$3 billion. Areas of investments included public and private equities, IPO and pre-IPO opportunities, fixed income instruments, asset and equity-based financing.
Managed a multi-strategy research team (five analysts) to research on listed and private equities, pre-IPO investments, asset and equity-based financing analyses.
Led the internal teams on discussions and negotiations with senior investment bankers on investment transaction originations and term structure negotiations.
Led the research and marketing teams to complete the research and marketing roles of a jumbo size luxury sector Hong Kong IPO with a market capitalization of US$20bn.
Led the research team to successfully complete over twenty equity-margin based financing transactions analyses.
Liaised with underwriters as the senior company representative on an IPO downstream execution of one of our largest investees at the HKSE with a market capitalization of US$1bn.
Involved in project staff selection and assignment of internal areas of responsibilities.
Assisted on new staff recruitment, interviewing process and training of junior analysts.
Managed the research team to fully comply with the SFO regulatory standards and to achieve the highest investment professional conduct.
Registered for the Hong Kong SFC Type 4 and Type 9 Responsible Officer (unconditional) licenses.
Nov 06 – Mar 09 Portfolio Manager & Head of Global Emerging Markets Research.
Involved in all aspects of the mutual fund management establishment and operations, including portfolio management, Hong Kong/China & regional sector equity research, institutional marketing, risk management and compliance procedure formulation.
Lead portfolio manager of four key Hong Kong/China & Asia Pacific balanced and sector mutual funds.
Managed funds have consistently ranked in first/second quartile by Lipper Analytical Services.
Managed the GEM research team of over 25 analysts in six international offices, focusing on Asia and cross-border sector analyses, idea generations, channel checking, and asset allocation.
Acted as the lead Hong Kong/China and Asia Pacific model portfolio administrator and asset allocator for the GEM team on delivering the collective research outputs of the GEM team’s high conviction ideas.
An Investment Committee member of Mirae Asset’s flagship Insight Fund (Australian and consumer sector portions).
Formulated institutional clients and fund consultants’ marketing strategy and participated in marketing presentations.
Actively participated in risk management committee meetings on risk monitoring process and procedure formulation.
Collaborated with the compliance department on strengthening the internal fund management regulatory and internal control.
Credit Suisse (HK) Ltd. (Formerly CSFB (HK) Ltd.) Hong Kong, China.
Sector co-coordinator at the Credit Suisse non-Japan Asia conglomerates research franchise.
Ranked as number two regional conglomerates analyst by 2005-6 Asiamoney survey poll by mega fund managers.
Named as one of the top Hong Kong large-cap analysts by 2005 SCMP brokers’ analysts award.
Covered stocks achieved and maintained high single-digit to mid-teens’ turnover market shares on seven large-cap blue chip companies.
Intra-firm (internal) ranking consistently within top quartile among peers by clients’ vote counts.
Forecasted cyclical and structural trends in property market and property stocks.
Covered twelve Hong Kong property companies and expressed investment opinions.
Expanded research coverage on China based property companies.
Moved up in the analysts’ ranking poll by Asiamoney for the three consecutive years.
Initiated coverage of five telecom and satellite operators and issued detailed research notes.
Supplemental coverage on three energy stocks and seven infrastructure counters.
Core coverage includes the five large-cap property developers and three property investors.
Analyzed developers’ strategic focuses and development prospects.
Interpreted and commented on market data released by government and property companies.
Specialized in fifteen small market cap food, building materials, distribution, and industrial stocks.
Initiated and upgraded three stock recommendations, which outperformed the HSI.
Jointly produced two small caps sectoral reports and presented research to clients.
Developed company contacts and clients network through presentations and company visits.
Collaborated with senior analysts to develop and maintain financial valuation models.
Prepared quarterly company research publications and interim updates.
Communicated with institutional clients to discuss research results.
Directed the preparation of industry and sales analysis for a leading office furniture manufacturer.
Performed a valuation project for an international electrical appliance manufacturer.
Assisted principals and senior consultants in various litigation and valuation assignments.
Managed in-house information technology systems and office computer networks.
Jun 90-Apr 92 Storecreation Building Corporation Oak Park, Illinois, USA.
Managed on-site information systems during final construction phases of commercial properties.
Responsible for all internal accounting and bookkeeping duties.
1996 Stuart School of Business - Master of Science in Financial Markets and Trading.
Concentrations in Financial Engineering, Security Analysis, and Quantitative Modeling.Title: Hedge Fund Middle Office - Operations AVP (01 Mar 2016 – Present).
Title: Hedge Fund Middle Office - Operations Manager (01 Oct 2014 – 29 Feb 2016) Title: Hedge Fund Middle Office – Operations Assistance Manager (15 Oct 2013 to 30 Sep 2014).
Responsible for the day to day running of a team that performs the middle office function to clients.  This involves the trade capture of the clients’ trades, confirmation, settlement monitoring, corporate action, query resolution and pricing.  Products include Equity, Futures, Options, Fixed Income Cash/Repo, FX (spot/outright/FX Swaps/NDF) and Swaps (IRS, NDIRS, Single Currency Swaps, Swaption, CDS, TRS etc) (Both Cleared and Non-Cleared).
Review/coordinate with managers/supervisors the day to day tasks and ensure the daily is completed and accurate in HK, also offshore units in Hangzhou and Sydney.
The team works in co-ordination with a global Middle Office team to ensure round the clock service for globally based clients, and provides both event level and client level support.
Liaise with clients re ad hoc issues, establish and maintain good relationships with clients and other external parties: counterparties/brokers, prime brokers, custody, clients’ front end providers, CTM Omgeo, Markit, Reuters, IDC and Bloomberg etc.
Co-ordinate system enhancements or new requirements on behalf of the team.  Responsible for the co-ordination of system testing and sign off.
Work closely with Operation Managing Director on projects like new clients on boarding,.
Supporting the Operation Managing Director in their role. Ensure Managing Director is kept up to date with relevant issues, escalating problems to the manager as they arise. Work with Director on capacity issues.
Involve in new clients take-on, liaising with prime brokers / custody, and internal system set up, initialization of funds, new team building etc, also involve system enhancement, UAT testing.
People Management –interviewing, perform staff appraisals; address any staff performance issues etc • Manage training needs of team/weekly APAC meeting, ensure training gaps are identified and addressed.
Systems – PBs Portal(s), Traiana, CTM Omgeo, MarkitWire/Markitserv, Markit Trade Manager, DTCC/DS Match, Reuters, IDC and Bloomberg etc.
Projects – Cleared Trade flows / work with Clearing houses (ICE/LCH/CME) / Clearing Brokers / Markit / Executing Brokers.
Timely trade processing and day-to-day operational support for various instruments including FX, money market (deposit, spot, fx swap), principal bonds, convertible bonds, credit default swaps (CDs), Interest Rate Swaps, NDF, Hang Seng Index Futures & options, and stock options.
Trade Confirmation and pre-matching: investigation and prompt resolution of issues.
Monitor interface between the front office and middle office systems for trade breaks.
Alert straight away the brokers of any trade/price discrepancies, in order to correct. Demonstrate the ability to quickly escalate problems to management and stakeholders for error trades, trade positions and system performance issues.
Error free operational environment from FTB offices by conducting on-going review/control and enhancement of workflow procedures.
Quality client service to resolve any trade breaks and transaction enquiries from front office, middle office investment bankers, and back office settlement.
Perform a liaison role to bridge between counterparties and dealers/traders to help facilitate good dealing processing.
Fulfillment of regulatory compliance and corporate governance by working closely with compliance and operational risk teams.
Communicate with dealing desks, banks, other BGC subsidiaries (New York, London, Singapore, Tokyo, Seoul and Sydney) and relevant third parties to assist in executing complex or special transactions.
Review/update procedural manuals - to update on the new/changes in process flow.
Involve system enhancement, UAT testing and traders RTNS testing.
Fulfils any additional/ad hoc duties as required to meet the needs of the business.
Maintain and update client contact details in the client contact database.
Prepare Daily P&L - reconciling settlement accounts daily to resolve breaks and discrepancies in any trade to be settled, ensure all settlements have been reconciled accurately.
Handle day-to-day fund processing work in a timely and accurate manner.  Process trades for subscription, redemption and transfer.
Follow-up all outstanding/unsettled subscription and redemption deals.
To collaborate closely with Risk Team, Compliance Team, Sales Team for after sales service, and coordinating account openings, KYC (know your client) review, asset transfer, closures and daily maintenance.
Confirming deals, organizing and approving payments, and reconciliations of coupon/dividend and maturities.
Provides other fund operation functions, such as distribute dividend, maturities, handle corporation actions (fund merger), etc.
Co-ordinate with internal clients (such as sales team, performance team and fund managers), trustee, distributors, brokers, trustee and custodians for trade confirmation and handing adhoc queries.
Cross checking settlement instruction: To make sure correct instructions send to the all investors.
Assist to streamline and implement efficient and effective operational procedures with risk control policies in compliance with regulatory requirements and internal policy; while ensuring delivery of high quality services for external and internal clients.
To ensure the trading activities and the company are always comply with the SFC regulations such as Client Money Rule.
Work closely with internal Traders, FX dealers, custodians, trustee, sales team and dealing team.
Place FX order with Global Market and perform FX Trade Settlement.
Send out settlement notifications to custodians, distributors, nominees etc in timely basis, and also chasing redemption instructions.
Follow up unmatched instructions and failed trades with the relevant parties.
Prepare cash flow for fund managers daily, i.e. subscription and redemption.
To liaise, coordinate and work closely with overseas offices (such as Luxemburg, UK, France, Japan, Singapore and Taiwan).
Participate in UAT (User Acceptance Test) on related systems/projects and business contingency planning (including the drills and disaster rehearsals).
Title: Account Executive – Client Servicing Department [MPF & Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance.
Provident One-stop services to all corporate clients and MNCs.
Provide effective, efficient, quality and timely services to AIA members, employers and brokers/agents by handling complex cases and performing account management and problem resolution.
Ensure the adherence of procedures, policy, regulations and trust deeds within the team.
Liaise with clients, including employers, fund managers, external trustees and authorities.
Handle inbound and outbound calls within the Administrative Team and Call Centre.
Handle special cases such as labour cases and liquidation cases.
Deliver presentation and briefing to Employers and Employees for fund introduction and fund performance review.
Company: Hong Kong Business Intermediary Co. Ltd (HKBI) (Full-time).
• Responsibility: Report to the Franchise Director; Deliver quality consultancy franchising services to new / existing clients; Provide Customer Services to all clients (in HK, in PRC or even to other countries); Provide administrative support to the franchise team; Handling all incoming enquiries from Hong Kong, China and other countries; Support the organization and running of seminars for all brands; Coordinate the participation of exhibitions in China; Communicate with Franchisors for all investment information updates; and Any other duties assigned from time to time by the Franchise Director.
Kaplan Language Centre - Intermediate Practical Putonghua Course for Finance.
Monash University, Australia, Victoria - Master of International Business.
Monash University, Australia, Victoria - Bachelor of Business (Major in Banking and Finance, Minor in Economics).
Mater Christi College, Australia, Victoria - Victorian Certificate of Education (Year 11 – Year 12) [Ranking: 81.20 / 100].
Subjects studied: Accounting, Economics, English (ESL), Mathematical Methods, and Specialist Mathematics.
Ho Tung Technical School for Girls, Hong Kong (Form 1 – Form 4).
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access, Internet Explorer, Outlook and FrontPage).
Cantonese (Fluent), English (Fluent) and Mandarin (Fluent).Cash Equity, Derivative, Index Futures, Commodity Futures, CB, OTC products, Repo trade.
Liaise with IT & counterparties to enhance system operation.
Monitor corporate action and reconcile with prime brokers & fund administrator.
Reconcile position & cash on daily basis and resolve breaks if any.
Monitor collateral movement and capital usage for portfolio managers.
Book trades to both portfolio management system and fund administrator’s system.
Resolve settlement issues and processing questions dealing directly with the portfolio managers, prime brokers, administrator, and trading counter-parties.
Transfer positions between PBs to achieve better margining/ financing.
Kuwait multi strategy Hedge fund focuses on APAC (Ex-Japan) region.
Assist senior trader to execute order (cash equity and derivate).
Locate stock borrow loan and liaise with counterparties on re-rating periodically.
Monitor corporate action events for the fund and submit election.
Match trade details against counterparty record and resolve any discrepancy.
Monitor margin / collateral level for the funds and arrange cash transfer across Prime Brokers if necessary.
Perform position & cash reconciliation and resolve any breaks.
Participate in operation due diligence enhance enhancement project in order to obtain audit standard – ISAE3402.
Chinese long/short stragey hedge fund focuses on Greater China region.
Liaise and co-check with custodian bank on investor unit of the funds.
Perform KYC documentation checking for new client subscription.
Compile daily and monthly NAV and reconcile against Fund Administrator’s record.
Monitor margin and collateral movement and prepare for funding.
Carry out trade booking and position/cash reconciliation on daily basis.
Prepare weekly / monthly performance reports and newsletter and distribute to investors.
Liaise with Prime Broker / Fund Administrator / Custodian on fund transfer and payment.
Prepare stock loan report and reconcile against Prime Brokers’ record.
Handle corporate action and book relevant information into system.
Coordinate with IT department for in-house system implementation.
Participate in setting up Multi-Prime Brokerages for funds which the progress required extensive communication and testing.
Successfully develop in-house automated reconciliation using VBA.
Streamline various reports to enhance operations efficiency.
Quality Risk Management & Operations Limited             Nov 2007 – Feb 2010.
Independent financial service company providing service in back / middle office and risk management for hedge funds in the Asia region.
Generate various risk statistic reports (VaR Summary, Stress Test, Sensitivity Test).
Perform trade confirmation, trade booking, and trade reconciliation.
Provide estimated NAV calculation and reconcile against Fund Administrators’ record.
Handle queries from clients and provide assistant on daily basis.
Provide sale analysis on different investment products (Unit Trusts & Structure Products).
Gather information on subscription & redemption of investment products with HK region.
Monitor competitors’ activities thru internet and site visit.
Coordinate with different fund houses for product supports.
Relative coursework: Analytical Tools for Investment Management, Equity and Alternative Investments, Portfolio Management.
Relative coursework: Investment Analysis, Derivatives Securities, International Financial Management, Corporate Finance and Fundamental Accounting.
Proficient in MS Office Tools (i.e. Excel- VBA, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook).
Proficient in Financial Systems (i.e. Bloomberg AIM , Bloomberg, Imagine Trading System, Eze Castle, Geneva).Address : 34 Lorong Mydin, Astoria Park, #15-07, Singapore (416827).
Production of daily operational deliverables in line with client/other Citco offices service level agreements.
Performing daily and monthly trades, position and cash reconciliations.
Break resolution for all open items with the brokers or clients.
Support the conversion of any new clients or existing migrations.
Work with NAV / other Citco offices and Operations Support to resolve any open issues.
Performing the administration of and any services pursuant to administration agreements in respect of a portfolio of hedge funds.
Preparation of Net Asset Value calculations, financial statements and associated reports to review stage independently and within deadlines.
Performing daily and monthly reconciliations for hedge funds.
Maintaining day-to-day relationships with investment managers, banks, brokers and auditors and other fund participants.
Assisting with first level review of work where necessary; training and coaching of new staff.
_________________________________________________________________________     __   _.
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Ltd             Jun 2010 to May 2011.
Involved in developing and preparing updates in audit program.
Identified, analyzed and assessed risks, control and processes and provided necessary recommendations.
Checked for compliance with financial, management regulatory policies and procedures.
Drafting of audit reports and performed ad-hoc projects as assigned.
_______________________________________________________________________              __.
Conducted financial and operational audit of the companies within the Group.
Assisted in the planning and execution of audit work program using a risk base audit methodology to ensure compliance with the Group’s policies and approved procedures.
Interpreted audit results, developed value-adding recommendations to mitigate the risks and prepared audit reports.
Researched into new audit techniques and performed ad-hoc projects as assigned.
_________________________________________________________________________          ___.
Conducted financial and operational walkthroughs over key business processes to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls in place, accuracy of financial records and efficiency of operations.
Provided advice and recommendations with regard to enhancement of internal controls, effectiveness and efficiency of work operations as well as accounting practices.
Performed audit field work and prepared audit working papers, schedules and summaries prior to senior / supervisor review.
Checked the clients’ accounting books, records and financial statements.
Prepared audit report on whether the client’s accounts present a true and fair view of the company’s financial position.
Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore (ICPAS).
Associate (Membership No.: PM20867) – Passed ICPAS Pre-Admission Course in June 2011.Monitor and process trade allocation, matching, delivery, confirmation, and settlement.
Perform daily position reconciliations and cash reconciliations between fund manager and prime brokers / custodian.
Liaise with execution brokers and prime brokers to resolve breaches of trades, cash balances and positions.
Monitor individual equity securities for cash dividends, corporate actions and capital changes.
Responsible for daily maintenance of the full books of accounts for the funds including cash management, securities pricing, fee calculations and processing of investor subscriptions, redemptions and transfers.
Perform P&L reports, NAV reports and other financial reports.
Perform and monitoring the account opening operation and account administration.
Jul 2013 – Aug 2013, The Government of HKSAR, Census and Statistics Department.
  To collect and verify statistical information through field visits and telephone enquiries to sampled establishments.
Apr 2013 – Feb 2016, The Government of HKSAR, Kwun Tong District Office.
 To assist implementation of community involvement projects and activities and related work for Committees.Actuarial Analyst with experience in the Asia Pacific and MENA region in Equities and Insurance.
Ability to achieve outcomes through the effective management of financial, physical and human resources.
Exemplary quantitative skills and an ability to write fluent reports for clients, consultants, and prospects.
Excellent communication skills with proven ability to manage key stakeholders.
MSc Applied Actuarial Science, University of Kent        2010 – 2011.
Key modules: enterprise risk management, derivatives, finance and investments, prophet.
PG Diploma, Merit, Actuarial Science, University of Kent       2009 – 2010.
BA (Hons), Economics, ARSD College, University of Delhi        2006.
A Level equivalent, Tagore International School, Delhi       2003.
Allianz Reinsurance Asia Pacific, Singapore       Mar 2012 - Present.
Client Manager – Life & Health (Asia Pacific & MENA)     July 2016 - Present.
Manage client relationships in India, Sri Lanka, Egypt, Saudi Arabia & Lebanon.
Pricing - Treaty and facultative quotations in accordance with procedures and managing risk.
Co-ordinating and carrying out mortality, morbidity and lapse experience.
Preparing Quarterly reports on performance for the functional board.
Senior Actuarial Analyst – Client Management (Asia Pacific & MENA)    Jan 2015 – June 2015.
Intern – Project Manager   Metlife India Insurance    Jul 2010 – Aug 2010.
Task: to consolidate the requirements from the Actuarial Team, Marketing Team and the IT Team for the creation of a new in-house benefit illustration software package and to manage the product’s evaluation and implementation (5 week deadline).
Acted as the point of contact between the Actuarial Team and the offsite IT Team: assisted each team by interpreting their respective requirements for the software development.
Product development: worked with the Marketing team to understand the product requirements, and worked with the Actuary and IT Teams to manage work processes and delivery timelines.
Reporting: provided weekly updates to the Marketing Director.
Key Achievement: delivered the project 4 days ahead of schedule and to the brief in spite of being the only one working on the package.
Equity Research Analysis: managed the portfolios of up to 20 High Net Worth (HNW) clients.
Identified stocks for client investments: conducted research and prepared reports on companies within sectors predicted to grow, and liaised with the Product Manager.
Due Diligence & financial modelling for corporate finance projects.
Project Management: set up a national IT network link for Givo Ltd (a national suit manufacturer supplying global designers) to move into the retail market.
Promoted IPOs (Initial Public Offering) to HNW clients: conducted cold calling and liaised with existing HNW clients to secure funding.
Key Achievement: secured funding 55% in excess of that anticipated for IPOs.
Assisted the Mutual Fund Team to correct the department’s performance database: cross-checked all calculations against the expected values to identify database errors.
Managed backend activities for the offline corporate finance portal: e.g. updated the share price figures daily, updated daily fund performance etc.
IT skills: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), Prophet Modelling, ResQ, Salesforce.
Interests: astrology, skydiving, reading, and mountaineering.
Extra-curricular activity: Global Skills Award – University of Kent, Landmark Forum, Volunteering for Cancer Society.May 2016 – Aug 2017 Segantii Capital Management Ltd – Middle Office Associate.
Responsible for the day to day operations of a team that performs the middle office function to Front office (FO).  This involves the trade capture of the FO’s trades, confirmation, settlement monitoring, corporate action, query resolution and pricing.  Products include Equity, Futures, Options, Fixed Income, FX and Swaps.
Monitoring of commissions and financing costs, reporting to the business.
Review/coordinate with managers/supervisors the day to day tasks and ensure the daily is completed and accurate in HK, London.
Liaising with prime brokers and internal system set up, also involve system enhancement, UAT testing.
Manage training needs within team/weekly and Global meeting, ensure training gaps are identified and addressed.
Aug 2015 – Apr 2016 Bank of New York Mellon – Middle Office Specialist.
Sep 2011 – Jul 2015 T.Rowe Price Hong Kong Limited – Middle Office Specialist.
Researching and defining security prices for securities detailed as exceptions in the Asia-Pacific region.
Researching, collaborating with investment personnel and documenting formal communications for securities that are priced under a fair value action.
Reviewing mandatory and voluntary corporate action notices from custodians and vendor.
Retrieving instructions from Investment Staff and relaying them to custodian banks.
Resolving reconciliation issues with custodians and/or internal accounting.
Working closely with counter-parts across the Asia Pacific region.
Avoidance of buy-ins and constant monitoring of fails management.
To verify all the deals tickets originating from the Hong Kong Trading desk for cash equities and fixed income securities.
Maintain reconciliation and monitoring of exception reports to ensure proper control of risk management is in place.
Set up and maintain securities, across multiple asset classes, utilizing a variety of systems.
Perform security research based on customer inquiries or system alerts utilizing our primary vendor Bloomberg, as well as other vendors and internal sources.
Independently assess downstream impacts of data issues and errors, determine appropriate solutions, implement and promptly communicate resolutions to all affected parties.
Participate in projects, system and testing initiatives, and coordinate associated data clean-up efforts. Possesses a good understanding of the data being used from various vendor feeds and how that data is distributed to multiple downstream systems.
Identify trends and potential issues that may create risk. Ensure adherence to, and continually review procedures and controls with the objective of improving quality and efficiency.
Dec 2010 – Aug 2011  HSBC (GMO) - Derivatives Operations - Trade Processing / Static Data & Corporate Actions   Senior Equities Operations Officer.
Duty: Daily review and investigation of various cash, equity and derivative   reconciliations, including full resolution of any breaks.
Liaise with other functional groups including Traders, Operations, data control, and accounting to resolve any problems and provide assistance where necessary.
Maintain database for all corporate actions events and ensure it is reflected in   traders’ portfolio.
Perform trade support functions such as trade verification, confirmation and settlement, etc., liaise with middle office on trading and position issues.
Sep 2007 – Dec 2010 HSBC (GMO) - Securities Operations - Corporate Actions  - Equities Operations Officer.
Duty: Provide safekeeping services and advise clients on corporate action events. Ensure that responses from clients are received before deadlines.
Input Corporate action event for traders ensuring it is reflected in their P/L books.
Provide cash remittance and entries in trading platform for stock borrow & lending.
Issue appropriate advice regarding corporate action events to the custodian before deadlines.
April 2006 – Aug 2007  Citi (Global Corporate Banking) - Hong Kong Custody.
Duty: Responsible for processing and problem solving of all settlement activities for the domestic market using CCASS.
Responsible for providing day-to day settlement and operational support e.g. preparing pending trade reports, funding reports, stock position reports.
Duty: Participate in trading full range of financial products, in both domestic and foreign market. Provide brokerage services to clients.
Responsible for trade execution for various investment products including securities, futures, etc mainly in Asia Pacific regions.
2008-2010 City University of Hong Kong - MSc Financial Engineering.
- Associate of Business Administration in Financial Services.
Microsoft Word, Excel, VBA, PowerPoint, Sophis, Charles River, Salerio, Imagine, PB Portals, Bloomberg.I joined SCOR as a Health Pricing Actuary in Dec 2013.  Being a member of the regional product development team, I develop internal pricing models and guidelines for medical reimbursement and hospital cash products in various markets in Asia.  My responsibilities also include recommending reinsurance solutions to clients and excising my pricing authority in the process.  Designing products, developing premium rates and preparing regulatory filings are among the actuarial services that I provide to my clients.
I was an Actuarial Analyst in the Medical Insurance team.  I was responsible for product development, management and pricing of medical insurance and takaful business in South East Asia.  Over the years, I was working closely with my clients in the region, and had enjoyed providing various consulting services to help them run their businesses.  In late 2012, I went for a two-month job rotation in Zurich, where I had the opportunity to work on the medical portfolios in Europe and the Middle East during the renewal season.
When I was at Watson Wyatt working as an Actuarial Analyst, my main responsibility was to perform accounting and solvency valuations for defined benefit pension plans in Hong Kong.  I enjoyed building and maintaining models which would provide solutions to clients on asset-liability matching and assisted clients on controlling risks that would undermine the solvency of their pension plans.  As a member of the consulting team, I also enjoyed the experience of giving presentations and preparing communication materials to clients on various employee benefits issues.
I worked as a Summer Trainee in the Underwriting Department.  My main responsibilities were to develop a procedure manual for the underwriting team, to handle complaint letters and to draft client responses.  I also had the opportunity to work with different departments in the company and learnt about how insurance companies operated in general.
I was a member of the audit team as a Student Trainee.  During this internship, I travelled around to our customers’ offices to provide auditing services.  To give independent review of externally reported information and to advice on controls and processing system weaknesses were the most important responsibilities in this internship.
As a Summer Intern, I had the opportunity to develop statistical models and to forecast the expected number of credit cards that would be issued in  over a period of time.  It was an enjoyable experience because I could apply my statistical skills and knowledge learnt in school practically.
This course covered eight core actuarial subjects (CT1-CT8).  I achieved seven exemptions from the  after I had completed the course.
I graduated with Second (Hons) Class.  The course combined the knowledge of the traditional Oxford Mathematics degrees with the ability to pursue probability and statistics in depth.  I also learnt financial mathematics during the last year of my course.
I achieved four A’s and one B in GCE A-Levels, with A in Physics, Chinese, Mathematics and Further Mathematics and B in Chemistry.  I also achieved an Overall Band  IELTS in 2001.
I completed nine subjects in HKCEE, which is equivalent to GCSE, with A in Additional Mathematics, B in Mathematics and Chinese and C in English.
1. Associate of the Society of Actuaries – one written exam (Group and Health Advanced) away from fellowship.
2. MS Office (Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint), SAS, PASCAL, Matlab, Maple, R.
3. Consulting, Leadership, Time-management, Motivation, Teamwork, Communication, Problem Solving.
2004 Awarded a full scholarship from John Swire & Sons for the last year of my BA degree at.
2002    Silver medal winner of The International Mathematical Olympiad.
2001    Bronze medal winner of The International Mathematical Olympiad.Passionate, competent, diligent & result-oriented professional with an engaging personality known for her ability to build high-profile global brands, offering 20 years’ experience in creating new markets and servicing clients in the Technology, Hospitality and Financial industries across APAC and Middle East.
Proven forte in steering multiple functions in Account Management, Business Development, Strategic Planning, Sales, Marketing, Campaigns & Events and Client Acquisition & Retention.
Dec 2015 – 2017  Executive Director (APAC) | Syniverse Technologies, Inc.
Actively drive a professional business development environment around new client acquisition and convert it to strategic accounts.
Analyse financial reports to gauge portfolio performance and derive strategies to exceed set goals by tapping on Big Data (Data Analysis).
Mentor and motivate the global business development teams across APAC.
Effectively opened up regional markets in Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam for the company.
Revamped whole sales prospecting process, resulting in a better knowledge of the targeted companies.
Oct 2014 – Dec 2015  Regional Vice President, Business Development (APAC) | Vobile, Inc.
Set budgets and revenue targets, and conduct regular business reviews with partners.
Reported monthly, quarterly and annually to CEO on respective APAC countries’ revenue, sales team prospecting activities and sales pipeline forecasts.
Successfully penetrated regional markets, and new, non-traditional industries from smaller production houses to telco companies, from advertising agencies to market research firms.
Opened up networking opportunities with the relevant associations, thus giving us more brand mileage.
Aug 2013 – Oct 2014 Regional Vice President, Business Development (APAC) | Korvac Holdings.
Held accountable for client services and account management by making sure that renewals are done promptly and customers continued to be retained.
Provided leadership and direction to the teams, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.
Was responsible for top- and bottom-line financial performance of the departments.
Revamped the pricing structure of the payments solutions platform which resulted in an increase in Sales of 50% in 2013 and 2014.
Set up the APC division in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia, and took the lead in promoting pre-launch acceptance with clients.
Jul 2011 – Dec 2012 Global Director of Sales (APAC & Middle East) | Pegasus Solutions, Inc. ~ Technology (Hospitality).
Provided guidance and management to remote teams in Sydney, Beijing, Hong Kong and Tokyo.
Met with and presented to hotel owners, Group CEOs and Board of Directors to promote the company’s Hotel Representation (Utell Hotels & Resorts), Connectivity Solutions (Unirez, Pegasus Switch) and Internet Booking Engine (OpenHospitality) businesses.
Led marketing efforts in organizing promotional campaigns and participating in trade shows, revamped the whole website to be more region–centric, started regular country-specific newsletters and communications, contributing write-ups and writing press releases for publications and setting up a loyalty & rewards programme.
Constantly exceeded quarterly sales targets by at least 20% for Hospitality Solutions and Hotel Representation.
Set up a loyalty & rewards programme for the company’s member hotels.
Aug 2010 – Jul 2011 Assistant Vice President, Strategic Planning (APAC) | United Overseas Bank.
Headed efforts in acquiring and retaining customers to use the bank’s Retail Banking’s Personal Internet Banking (PIB).
Was fully responsible of the bank’s PIB by being answerable for the Content, Marketing, Communications, Loyalty & Rewards and Campaigns & Events in the site.
Led a team of competent executives and provided them training, guidance and motivation to enhance their productivity to maximize acquisition efforts and improve usage rates by making use of Big Data (Data Analysis).
Continuously surpassed Acquisition and Usage KPI targets by at least 15% in 2010 and 2011.
Outperformed campaign objectives by no less than 20% in 2010 and 2011.
Feb 2006 – Aug 2010 Business Development Manager (APAC) | American International Group, Inc.
Studied financial reports to gauge portfolio performance and derived strategies to exceed set goals by tapping on Big Data (Data Analysis).
Streamlined overall operations to achieve operational efficiency.
Overhauled the whole new business and renewal processes to improve market share and retention.
Continually surpassed KPI targets for New Business by at least 50% from 2006 to 2010.
Increased Renewal Business from 30% to 89% from 2006 to 2010.
Aug 2002 – Feb 2006 Business Development Manager (Enterprise) | Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel.
Coordinated between the top management and corporate clients and suggested new strategies to generate more business from existing clients as well as untapped market.
Interacted with client on a personal level to understand specific requirements offering best product and service to maximize customer satisfaction.
Identified opportunities for cross-selling and maximized the value of each opportunity so that the “dollar spend” was enhanced.
Recurrently bested KPI targets by at least 50% from 2002 to 2006.
Received the “Outstanding Sales Achievement” Award 5 times from 2004 to 2006.
Jun 1998 – Aug 2002 Business Development Manager (Corp) | Raffles Hotel.
Mar 1996 – Jun 1998 Senior Sales & Marketing Manager (APAC) | Western Energy Technology.
Higher Diploma in Hotel Management (Performance Excellence).Coursework: Stochastic and Numerical Methods for Finance, Time-series and Options Markets.
The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE)  London, U.K.
Coursework: Quantitative Finance, Chaos Theorem and Mathematics for Finance and Valuation.
Counterparty Credit Risk Team, Country and Credit Risk Management  November 2013 – Present.
Team’s mandate was to ensure robust pricing of counterparty and issuer risk for Treasury products.
Minimum Risk-based pricing (MRBP) Calculator for OTC Derivatives: In the midst of enhancing the calculator’s EAD computation logic by incorporating new Basel guidelines on SA-CCR, taking into account trade delta and duration, offsetting positions, collateral posting and margining, to facilitate the FO determining the minimum upfront MTM that must be met on each new trade based on counterparty and trade characteristics.
Enhanced calculator to incorporate Countercyclical Buffers based each counterparty’s Country of Operation.
Kept up to date with the latest regulatory and industry initiatives, especially posting of initial margin for noncentrally cleared OTC derivatives and the industry-wide push led by ISDA to implement a standardised initial margin model (“ISDA SIMM”).
Credit Derivatives PFE – performed a monte-carlo simulation of future credit spreads based on a calibration of historical spreads, while also helping formulate a proposal for the interim measurement of CDS PFE based on rating, historical default rate and whether we had CSA in place with the counterparty.
Project Management and issue resolution: Coordinated testing within team to formulate and ensure timely completion of over 1,000 test cases to ensure accurate pricing and chalking of risk.
Performed a reconciliation of risk exposures for all trades migrated into the new trading platform (based on trade characteristics) to ensure exposure was correct chalked post-migration.
Counterparty Risk Measurement, Credit Risk  September 2010 – April 2013.
Team mandate was to measure the Bank’s exposure from entering into FX, derivatives and security financing transactions with our counterparties, including plain vanilla transactions as well as more exotic products.
Project Management: Led testing and implementation of the Bank’s Expected Exposure Aggregation Methodology project; oversaw testing for the Risk Measurement portion of the Bank’s Commodities Derivatives Project.
Writing Skills: Worked with team manager to write the bank’s Counterparty Risk Measurement framework, and the bank’s Specific Wrong-way Risk Framework (for identifying and monitoring Specific Wrong-way Risk).
Successfully implemented a Netting Set to accurately account for netting and collateral benefits under ISDA and CSA based on legal and market views on enforceability.
Client-clearing and CCP initiatives: Assisted in devising appropriate aggregation methodology, and helped generate business requirements for system enhancement.
Ministry of Manpower (Income, Security and Policy Department)  Singapore.
Studied in great detail the existing local savings schemes and picked out their shortcomings in encouraging low-income individuals to save.
Researched on other countries’ savings schemes and weighed the pros and cons of each country’s schemes.
Analysed how the positive aspects of each scheme could be incorporated into the local savings framework so as to increase the savings rate among low-income individuals on a long-term basis.
Presented my findings to the Director as well as other higher management within the Ministry.
Computer: Proficient in R, MATLAB, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Bloomberg, Reuters; end-User functions of Murex and Murex Limits Controller.
Hobbies / Charitable activities: reading, running, cooking, wine appreciation (WSET Level 2 certified), blood donation (over 10 times).Position: Equity Dealing/ Operation Specialist Time Employed: August 2013 – Present Duties:.
Ensure timely trade matching and settlement, and resolving failed trades.
Monitor the accuracy of mandatory and voluntary corporate actions events.
Reconcile custodian reports against internal records – include cash position, custody position, and trade activities.
Manage the flow for equity or currency options when they are exercised or expire.
Responsible for SFC, CIMA, and IRS filings/ reporting requirements.
Assisted in the migration of company’s asset to a new custodian.
To approve of account opening and credit card application from retail clients.
Data input of customer details into company internal systems   Stock keeping of promotional leaflets and gifts for outreach team   Related administrative tasks and ad hoc activities.
Admin Work- Using Sage Sales Logix (SLX) to manage and update account details for clients and creating new accounts for new clients.
Conducted cold calls for more senior brokers to create more prospects.
Supported other brokers to create a P/L spread sheet for trade.
Worked with other interns to re-organize client data when the company changed trading platforms.
Position:  Customer Service Assistant (Stationary)   Time Employed: October 2009 – March 2010.
Providing quality customer services to customers to represent the company in a professional manner.
Assemble displays of merchandise in a quick and tidy manner.
Follow company’s safety rules to avoid potential hazards onto my self and customers.
Aided high school students in year 7 and 8 to progress in mathematics school work on a weekly basis.
Raised $500 for Royal North shore Hospital, as part of a charity taken by Chatswood high school.
Raised over $3000 for World Vision to fight global food crisis, as part of a charity taken by Chatswood High School.
Completed: Bachelor of Economics: Majors in Economics and Finance.
Licensed Representative for Horizon Capital Management and Research Limited.
Completed: HKSI Paper 1 Fundamentals of Securities and Futures Regulation Completed: HKSI Paper 12 Asset Management.Accountancy major with outstanding academic results and 3 years experience in auditing financial institutions. Proven ability to excel in fast-paced environment. Self-disciplined and meticulous with strengths in time management, organisation and team-work skills. Possesses good communication and interpersonal skills, a keen eye for details and problem solving skills.
Performed financial audit mainly on banks and asset managers.
Analyzed financial statements based on knowledge of entity’s business, external market conditions, regulatory environment and macro-economic environment.
Identified weaknesses in internal controls and recommended solutions to address these weaknesses and mitigate risks.
Performed compliance audit to assess adherence with local laws and regulations such as Monetary Authority of Singapore Regulations, AML/CFT regulations, Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and Singapore Companies Act.
Involved in the preparation of audited financial statements as well as the audit report.
Cleared backlog of vendors’ accounts statements reconciliation and ensured subsequent statements are reconciled on a timely basis; allowing internal control to function effectively and efficiently.
Prepared monthly balance sheet schedules and reconciled differences ensuring accurate recording of balances.
Performed journal entries, accurately allocated costs to appropriate ledgers.
Assisted in petty cash disbursements, staff claims and supplier payments allowing timely settlement.
Lightened overall workload on finance department, thereby helping them cope with the external audit.
Responsible for reconciling vendors’ accounts statements to ensure timely settlement of accounts and resolution of dispute.
Performed a high volume of accurate journal entries into Syspro, allowing invoices to be captured in the correct period and accounts to be closed on time.
Reorganised filling system resulting in more efficient retrieval of archives.
Managed the department’s portfolio ensuring relevant information is available when it is due for review; enabling the department to consistently meet deadlines thus improving customer satisfaction.
Oversaw premium collection and coordinated with Accounts Department on accounting related issues allowing timely resolution.
Supported the Regional Manager in preparation of monthly forecasts.
Maintained customer database via SalesForce (CRM & Cloud Computing).
Achieved High Distinction in the following Professional Papers:.
Awarded letter of commendation for being amongst top 5 students in:.
• Performed in the band’s annual “I Believe in Music” and “Musical Delights”, successfully raising funds.
Working knowledge on Microsoft Axapta and SysPro (Accounts Payable Module).
Conducted regular reviews on standard operating procedures.
Managed a team in screening pre-enlistees and regulars in their medical reviews.
As secretary in the Naval Underwater Medical Committee, prepared and disseminated meeting minutes, coordinated subsequent meets and organized LIFE activities.Last Post: Fund Administration Officer, Securities Services.
Ensure timely and accurate valuation of different fund products and supervise the oversea service team to provide regular valuation reports.
Coordinate with internal and external parties to provide regular reports – Cash statement, Security holding report, Annual and Interim financial statements.
Participate in system enhancements and user acceptance tests of the valuation system.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University – School of professional Education and Executive Development.
City University of Hong Kong - Community College of City University.
Major: Associate of Business Administration (Financial Services).
Bloomberg Terminal, Reuters, Fund accounting systems (IMS, IFAS and Multifond).
Windows Chinese & English, Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point.
Fluent in spoken and written English, Cantonese and Putonghua.
Travel Lover – Like to explore the world and meet new friends from different places.International Financial Reporting Standadards (IFRS) Accredited.
United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP) Accredited.
Philippine Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Exam Average Rating: 89.43% | May 2010.
Overall Performance Evaluation Ratings at Deloitte SG for FY2014-2015 & FY2015-2016: High Performance.
Received Deloitte Applause Awards for FY2014 Audit Engagements.
Graduated with Academic Excellence Award | Consistent College Academic Scholar.
Editor-in-Chief | LGMC Official College Student Publication.
Contact Number: +65 8781 4771 | Email Addresses: ; saldmar3136@gmail.com.
To obtain and secure an Assistant Manager position with a prestigious firm where I can maximize my professional qualifications and experiences in financial services to advance my career and to help achieve the firm’s objectives.
Senior Audit Associate (Year 2), Global Financial Services Industry (GFSI).
Deloitte & Touche LLP, Singapore [24 November 2014 to Present].
Banking – Wealth Management: BNP Paribas Wealth Management S.A. – Singapore Branch.
Insurance Brokers: Marsh & Mclennan Companies (Marsh, Guy Carpenter, & Bowring Marsh Asia).
Investment Holding: Sphereinvest Viridian India Property Fund Limited and Its Subsidiaries.
Prepare planning documents for the audit engagement; and prepare presentation materials for meetings with client management;.
Act as the liaison between the engagement Senior Manager-in-Charge (MIC) and Partner-in-Charge (PIC) and the client senior management, client finance personnel, and client company department heads;.
Liaise with Deloitte Specilialists involved in the audit – IT, Analytics, Risk & Compliance, Valuation and Tax;.
As Auditor-in-Charge (AIC), supervise Associates in their day-to-day fieldwork by.
Assigning tasks to each Associate with clear instructions how to execute the audit program;.
Monitoring the progress of the work done by the Associates to ensure that works are completed on time and any issues encountered are immediately addressed or escalated to the MIC if necessary;.
Providing support and mentoring to Associates during the audit process to help develop their skills;.
Performing first level review of workpapers prepared by the Associates before submitting to MIC;.
Monitor the outstanding matters and escalate to MIC/PIC any critical issues and any anticipated obstacles;.
Perform audit testing procedures on significant risk areas especially those accounts that involve significant judgments and estimates, risk of management override of control; perform review of tax and disclosures; and perform review of the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) Returns;.
Meet with the client company’s department heads to discuss audit matters, raise audit findings and obtain management comments on audit observations and recommendation;.
Draft Management Letter/Long Form Report and address/clear the review comments from MIC &PIC;.
Prepare inter-office deliverables (US GAAP & French GAAP) and address review comments from MIC &PIC;.
Review clients’ draft financial statements and workings to disclosures; agree on figures and disclosures with the client; and clear review comments from MIC, PIC, and Engagement Quality Control Reviewers (EQCR);.
Ensure completion of all deliverables to other Deloitte office and to clients in a timely and accurate manner;.
For small engagements, perform end to end audit procedures and prepare all client deliverables; work closely with the client contact person; and report directly to the Partner-in-Charge;.
Ensure that the audit workpapers are archived within the deadlines;.
Provide engagement performance review to Associates with ratings, feedbacks and recommendations;.
Perform administrative/project management tasks which include, among others, preparation of engagement budget, staff requisition, engagement letters, referral instructions to other Deloitte offices, and billing forms; organizing team meetings, and perform other ad hoc tasks.
Deutsche Knowledge Services Pte. Ltd. - Manila Branch [15 October 2012 to 24 October 2014].
Owner of Capital Adequacy (CAD) process for Deutsche Bank (DB) entity in Japan;.
Perform peer-review of daily CAD reports before submission to onshore counterparts;.
Prepare various regulatory reports such as Monthly/Quarterly Returns (Financial Positions), Analytics, Surplus Liquidity Fund reports, Quarterly Profit and Loss, and other reports for DB entities in Australia;.
Owner of BASTA (German GAAP Balance sheet) reporting process for DB Australia entities.
Reports include: Monthly External Positions, Monthly Balance Sheet Statistics, Monthly Returns (Related Parties), and Monthly Principle II Liquidity reports for submission to Deutsche Bundesbank;.
Challenge existing business processes, improve working files, and put controls in place to ensure full compliance with relevant statutory requirements for local regulatory reports.
Handle Head Office reporting for specific IFRS FS disclosures for DB entities in Japan;.
Ernst & Young Philippines | Sycip Gorres Velayo & Co., CPAs (SGV & Co.) [20 December 2010 to 12 October 2012].
Life Insurance / Bancassurance | Business Process Outsourcing.
Actively participate in planning the nature, timing, and extent of the audit to ensure audit and accounting standards and relevant statutory requirements are complied with and adequately addressed;.
Understand the clients’ industry and business processes, walk through the process, conduct interviews with client personnel/managers, test the design & operating effectiveness of entity level and operational controls; perform substantive test procedures - test of details and detailed analytics of company’s accounts;.
Execute audit program applicable to audit client company; liaise with the client personnel; document the details of work done, identify and document any findings, highlight to the senior-in-charge; resolve audit and accounting issues with client personnel and/or escalate to engagement executives;.
Prepare the audit summary documentation, and draft client/inter-office communications such as head office memos and clearances, et cetera;.
Prepare/review draft financial statements including disclosures, management letters, tax returns and other reports filed with the regulatory authorities/agencies;.
As an in-charge of certain engagement, provide more junior staff with clear instructions and guidance in executing audit procedures; prepare work allocation; monitor and review the work of more jurnior staff; provide coaching; assist and ensure timely completion of deliverables to clients;.
Prepare cost and time charging variance analyses of the audit engagement; and perform other ad hoc tasks.
Accenture, Inc., Philippines [13 October 2008 to 30 October 2009].
Answer vendor/client queries regarding the status of invoices through calls and emails. Perform real-time reprocessing of parked and blocked invoices to allow payments using SAP. Respond to requests and questions from vendors by providing advice to resolve issues on the invoices and coordinate with the invoice processing and payments teams when necessary (for North America & Europe markets);.
Process transactions of regular to complex invoices for timely payment to vendors;.
Ensure high quality outputs by performing accuracy check of processed invoices; provide comments and recommendations on errors, and parked and blocked invoices;.
Monitor and prepare daily productivity report of the team; and resolve escalations both from the vendors and from the client.
Working Student thru Special Program for Employment of Students (SPES).
Local Government Unit of Atimonan – assigned in: Accounting Office (2005); Treasury Office (2007).
Member, Philippine Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA) (2010 to present).
Editor-in-Chief, The Vestige - The Official College Student Publication (2006-2008).
Age: 29 years old |Nationality: Filipino | Civil Status: Single.
I hereby declare that the information above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. To work in a challenging environment to enhance my leadership, interpersonal and analytical capabilities with opportunities for a professional long-term career growth.
Audit Senior (Financial Services – Asset Management Industry).
Performing financial and compliance audits for asset management companies, hedge funds and private equity investment funds.
Responsible for the overall planning and execution of various audit engagements.
Understanding the client’s business, its operations, financial reporting and internal controls.
Analysing of financial data and reports provided by client to ensure accuracy and completeness of information.
Evaluating and analysing the internal control environment of clients and identifying any gaps.
Executing substantive audit procedures and control testing as part of the overall audit procedures.
Gathering and maintaining audit evidence to support audit opinion on all engagements.
Ensuring that fund management companies comply with relevant regulations set out by MAS.
Reviewing the client’s preparation of the financial statement and ensuring proper disclosure for the financial information and notes of the financial statement.
Ensuring confidentiality on all audit engagements performed.
Managing one of the biggest client in Augentius client portfolio.
Ensuring all client and investors queries are appropriately responded to.
Ensuring accurate journal entries to be posted on SunGard’s Investran private equity software.
Preparation of quarterly partners’ statement to be sent to investors.
Preparation and calculation of drawdown and distribution notices in accordance to client’s deadline.
Preparation of payments initiated by client for their approval.
Preparation of monthly invoices in accordance with fee agreements on a timely basis.
Ensuring relevant procedures and checklists are adhered to and completed to minimise risk of errors.
Senior Officer – Group Finance & Corporate Services (Entity Reporting & Control – Financial Accounting).
Finance Officer – Finance Department (Foreign Investment Accounting Division).
Responsible for accounting related matters of 17 external fund managers of MAS.
Liaising with custodian on accounting related matters to ensure accurate monthly reporting.
Ensuring custodian’s data to be captured accurately in MAS database on a daily basis.
Verifying and ensuring that monthly custody and management fees are accurate.
Verifying and ensuring that yearly performance fees are accurate.
Preparation of monthly accruals for custody and management fees.
Preparation of monthly financial reports for the valuation team.
Performing reconciliation and sample checks of fund managers’ reports and custodian’s reports.
Obtaining data from Bloomberg terminal for independent checks and verifications.
Responding to audit confirmations from fund managers’ external auditors.
CPA Australia (Certified Practising Accountants Australia).
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (Singapore Institute of Management).
Information Technology:  Microsoft Office, Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters Terminal System.
Information Technology:  Microsoft Office, Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters Terminal System.Experienced in financial accounting, reporting, consolidation, internal controls/policies with excellent project management skills.
Team-player with capability to coach and lead an effective team.
  To leverage my 6+ years of audit and advisory experience into a dynamic accounting and finance role with exposure in financial reporting, analysis, budgeting and investments.
KPMG Deal Advisory, Transaction Services Manager                                             Sep 2014 – Current.
Key Competencies: Financial Due Diligence / Financial Analysis / Business Risk / Budgeting / Management Reporting / Investment.
Over 2 years of assignments related to financial due diligence, transaction structuring, SPA and completion accounts review.
Participated and led a team in various assignments for listed and non-listed (including cross border deals) involving real estate, construction, fund/trust, advertising/media, healthcare, consumer goods, IT, fintech, manufacturing, trading, recycling industry.
Specific financial analysis include review of KPI, cashflow, working capital, debt, trend analysis, margin, forecast, budget.
Financial due diligence on a Singapore construction company for a Japanese listed company.
Financial due diligence and transaction structuring advice on a condominium located at prime location via structured financial notes and bonds valued at approx. S$1billion.
Financial due diligence on acquisition of a leading sub-urban mall valued at over $2billion to a  leading developer retail SGX-listed REIT.
Financial due diligence on acquisition of real estate management services company for leading Singapore-listed international real estate operating company.
Clients include CDL, FCT, LOGOS Property, Macquarie, Hakuhoko Inc, Air Water Inc, Hitachi, UKC Corporation, KV Asia, Heliconia Capital, CHA Healthcare, Grandblue Environment.
Key Competencies: Financial Accounting / Financial Reporting / Internal Controls / Management Process /.
Consolidation / Project Accounting / Business Improvement / Project Management / Coaching.
Achieved recognition of highly effective performance (EP2) for three consecutive years.
4 years of audit experience for multinational corporations in various industries with respect to statutory audit in accordance with IFRS and International Auditing Standards which includes – Sembcorp Industries, Itochu and Freight Links (Investment, Trading and Commodities), Jurong.
Shipyard (Marine/Construction), General Electric (Conglomerate, IT), Heraeus and Hoe Leong Corporation (Manufacturing).
Effectively developed and implemented an audit centralisation process to improve efficiency that contributed to a reduction in work hours by approximately 15-20%.
Handled multiple portfolios with exceptional time management skills to complete audit in a timely manner.
Performed data analytics in the course of audit to lead to improvement in future audit efficiency   Key responsibilities include:.
Planning (risk assessment), control tests, and substantive audit procedures, review of financial statements and completion/finalisation of audit.
Performing impairment assessment review of investments, consolidation and tax calculations.
Identify internal process and controls weaknesses and recommend business improvements.
Delegating, coaching and oversee work of junior team members and collaborate timing in order work efficiently and effectively.
Prepared individual tax returns for submission to IRAS to meet filing deadlines.
Assisted team in preparation of individual tax returns for submission to IRAS.
Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance, University of London               Aug 2008 – Jul 2010.
Summer Abroad Program, London School of Economics and Political Science             Jul 2010.
Diploma in Accountancy, Singapore Polytechnic                   Jul 2005 – Mar 2008.
Distinction in Business Law and Enterprise Resource Planning.
GCE ‘O’ Level, Jurongville Secondary School                     Jan 2001 – Dec 2004.
Distinction in Principle of Accounts (Received Outstanding Achievement Award for Top of.
Principles of Accounts for GCE ‘O’ Level examination, 2004).
Received Edusave EAGLES (leadership) award for outstanding services, 2003.
Awarded Service Excellence team (General Electric & Sembcorp) in 2014 & Service Champion in 2016.
Recreational Club member – Planned and coordinated overseas department trip to Vietnam in 2012.
Proficient in MS Excel, Powerpoint & Word    Languages : English and Mandarin.
Working knowledge in Bloomberg, SAP,    Yoga | Reading | Music | Travelling.
AccPac, STIR & Cognos    Strikes good rapport with both colleagues and clients.I am a qualified Accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and CPA Australia.  I have a Master degree in Applied Finance and two Bachelor degrees in Business - majoring in Banking and Finance, and Accounting.
I am an Assistant Fund Operations Manager in an SFC licensed investment management firm specializing in alternative investments.  I have extensive financial product knowledge in both listed and unlisted investments.  The types of products include long/short equities, private equities and OTC markets such as options, derivatives, futures and swaps as well as forex.  My main duties involve the preparation of fund’s Net Asset Value, review and reconciliation of fund administrator’s valuation reports, preparation and compilation of monthly management reports, reconciliation and maintaining investor transaction records, compliance-related issues and project management.  Previously, I worked at Standard Bank and HSBC in the Operations Control Division and Alternative Fund Services Department respectively.  My duties included preparation of MIS report, KRI report and monthly operations updates, monitoring the reconciliation of cash & holdings, fund administration, client relationship management, fund valuations and implementing ad-hoc projects.  Before HSBC, I was an auditor working in PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young for more than four and a half years, with over 1 year of IPO related experience.
In my previous positions, I have demonstrated creativity, strong analytical skills, and good interpersonal skills.  I have been rewarded by several promotions over the course of my career.  I have solid accounting, fund & banking knowledge and interact successfully with various parties such as portfolio managers, fund administrators, prime brokers, legal consultants, corporate secretaries and auditors.  I am confident that I have the qualities and capabilities to fulfill the duties required by the position.  In my next role, I am looking for a position where I can continue to exercise those skills.
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA).
JAN 2010 - MAR 2017   WARD FERRY MANAGEMENT          Assistant Operations Manager – Middle and Back Office.
Handle fund administration, settlements, fund transfer, fund accounting and NAV calculation for both hedge funds, long only funds with private equities investments as well as managed accounts.
Private Equities include Online Music Stores, Mining Companies, Food Chains, and Unlisted Stock Exchange.
Perform reconciliation of trade details, daily and monthly statements of the funds, maintenance of cash balances and management of P&L and NAV reporting.
Monitor margin requirements for Futures, OTC positions, control the cash positions of the funds and coordinate any upcoming corporate actions with portfolio managers.
Prepare weekly risk report, monthly attribution analysis, ad-hoc investor reports, and other fund reports for portfolio analysis.
Liaise with various parties, such as fund managers, prime brokers, executing brokers, auditors, custodians, fund administrators and other service providers for any operational issues.
In collaboration with risk, operations and compliance departments, formulate and implement proper internal controls and procedures for managing operational and fiduciary risks.
Provide technical support and guidance to resolve operational issues including valuation, pricing,  custody related issues as well as that of those in accounting, reporting, audit and client relationship.
Maintain the operating procedures are adhered to regulatory and company requirements.
Ensure the efficient ongoing administration of funds and ensure compliance of provisions as defined in the funds documents such as monitoring the restricted trading list.
Keep abreast of accounting standards, investment instruments, market and regulatory changes.
FEB 2009 – JAN 2010    ELMORE CAPITAL LIMITED          Fund Operations Manager – Middle and Back Office.
Setup and monitored the Operations Department to ensure a smooth, efficient and effective operational workflow.
Acted as a project manager in ad-hoc assignments including setting up financial modeling, analysis and forecast.
Reviewed key agreements before execution, including PPM, prime brokerage agreement, fund manager agreement, transfer agent agreement and administrator agreement.
Updated the Operations, Accounting, Staff and Compliance Manuals.
Appointed as a Deputy Compliance Officer to ensure the firm complies with all the relevant rules and regulations (e.g. Investment restrictions in the PPM, Financial Resources Rules of the SFC, computation & submission of eFRR to the SFC).
Responsible for the financial year-end audit including the preparation of the management account, responding to audit queries, and finalizing the financial statements to be submitted to the SFC.
Familiar with investment activities, including equity, currency & commodity products.
Cash management including fund transfer, execution of FX orders to minimize interest expense.
Supervised the trade support functions, monitored the reconciliation processes on cash and holdings accounts and followed up and investigated any exception items.
Worked with marketing team on information for marketing materials, due diligence requests and any investor enquiries.
Acted as a project manager for operations-related projects from thought to finish, which involved:.
Performing cost vs. benefit analysis, user acceptance testing and parallel run.
Understanding needs of end-users and objectives of the projects -  Acted as a bridge between end-users and other departments (e.g. IT)  Projects managed included:.
Auto-matching project – system to perform reconciliation process of internal record against external record with aim to reduce human errors and enhance efficiency.
Automation project – aim to have data auto-generated from various systems for MIS purpose.
Streamline project – studied the daily workflows of staff with aim to eliminate duplicate tasks.
In addition to Hong Kong, monitored the operations control of other Asia branches including Sydney, Tokyo, Shanghai, Taipei and Singapore and reported directly to the London Head Office.
Prepared Key Risk Indicator (“KRI”) and Management Information System reports (“MIS”).
Monitored the reconciliation processes on bank and custodian accounts.
APR 2006 – JUN 2007    HSBC         Assistant Manager – Alternative Fund Services.
Managed daily, weekly and monthly fund valuations for over 20 sizable funds including hedge funds, traditional funds, master-feeder funds, fund of funds, limited partner funds, private equities funds with different calculation methods such as series accounting and equalization accounting.
Led a team of over 10 staff and reporting directly to the Vice President.
Nominated as a mentor to share valuable experience and knowledge to junior staff for their career development.
Dealt closely with fund managers, fund advisors, prime brokers, existing and potential investors, auditors as well as various internal departments such as the new business group, portfolio administration unit and the compliance department.
Major responsibilities included fund valuation, fund administration, trade settlement, cash management, FX execution, client relationship management, financial reporting, due diligence, know-your-client (KYC) verification, investors and potential investors issues, releasing fund prices to press and giving accounting advice to fund managers.
Jul 2005 – Mar 2006    Senior Associate Year III – Assurance & Advisory Business Services  Jul 2004 – Jul 2005    Senior Associate Year II –Assurance & Advisory Business Services Feb 2004 – Jul 2004    Senior Associate Year I –Assurance & Advisory Business Services.
Led multiple on-field engagements from start to finish, with extensive involvements in planning, managing team effort and training subordinates.
Prepared audited financial statements for companies listed on both the main board and the growth enterprise market board of the HK Stock Exchange.
Performed financial analysis and the full range of financial audit tasks, dealt closely with all levels of management on client sites.
Analysed clients’ accounting and information systems, performed risk assessments and tested for.
Worked with multiple engagements located in PRC and understood the necessary significance regarding accounting practices issues involved with companies in Mainland China.
Staff Accountant III – Assurance & Advisory Business Services.
Staff Accountant II – Assurance & Advisory Business Services.
Staff Accountant I – Assurance & Advisory Business Services.Postgraduate Diploma in Professional Accounting          Expected Graduated April 2018.
City University of Hong Kong, Department of Economic and Finance.
Bachelor of Business - Major: Banking and Finance                                    Graduated June 2002.
Zhongtai International Asset Management            12/2016 - Present.
Handle operations issue include NAV report preparation and reconciliation, trade confirmation checking and trade settlement, broker account opening and cash monitoring etc.
Responsible for monthly fee calculation (e.g. Management Fee, Custodian Fee, Fund Admin fee etc.).
Liaise with fund administrators, brokers and custodians to resolve any discrepancies and routine operation issues.
Ensure the operating procedures are adhered to regulatory and company policies and requirements.
Assist in account opening (e.g. brokerage /custodian account opening, review service agreement and fee schedule.).
Handle clients inquiries and ad hoc projects as assigned by management.
Work closely with Custodians to ensure all trade discrepancies and settlement issues are resolved in a timely manner.
Monitoring of corporate action & FX exposures and prepare fund transfer instruction.
Assist in NAV calculation of the funds and investment portfolios.
China Merchants Securities (HK) Co., LTD.              03/2014 – 03/2016.
Provide execution support for investment manager and clients on global equities ,futures and options.
Liaise and manage relationship with various internal and external vendors and counterparties.
To handle trade enquires, trade confirmation, trade reconciliation and compliance with relevant rules and regulations.
Facilitate daily dealing administrations and operations, involve in product management and maintenance work.
Monitor and track the movement of the market and make margin calls if necessary.
ad. hoc projects assigned by management and support to team members.
Bank of Communications (Hong Kong Branch)             10/2012 – 02/2014.
Responsible for FX & Securities quotation and executing orders for bank clients.
Liaison with internal and external relevant department for any corporation action and settlement and taking immediate actions when potential risks arise.
Assist management team in improving and implementing procedures to control credit and operation risks.
Prepare updated material, report and analysis for management and clients used.
Work closely with other department to ensure daily operation and marketing smoothly.
Delivering trading service (Foreign stock market) and support to high net wealth clients.
Maintain internal control and minimize operational risks through periodic control, review and documentation.
Liaison with different department for any corporation action.
To handle trade enquires, trade confirmation and trade reconciliation.
Provide administrative support to the department, updated market data for RM and clients analysis.
Responsible for different types of dealing execution and account opening.
Comply with all relevant policies and procedures requirements.
Report any irregular trading practices of house clients and review credit limit for the clients.
To handle trade enquires, trade confirmation and trade reconciliation.
Monitor and track the movement of the market and make margin calls to clients.
Assist management team in improving and implementing procedures to control credit and operation risks.
Work closely with IT colleagues related to systems upgrade and enhancement.
Providing prompt and professional responses to client requests.
Standard Chartered Bank (HK) Ltd．Central Branch                              03/2003-02/2007.
Cross sell consumer banking products and make sales referrals.
Perform a variety of counter transactions and balance daily transactions.
Uphold bank image by providing high quality customer services.
Passion in developing long-term career in hedge fund industry / Assets Management.
PC literacy such as MS Office. Bloomberg, iAsia, Sharp Point, J trader,etc.
Able to work well independently, excellent analytical and interpersonal skills.A self-motivated, meticulous and experienced senior audit associate seeking a financial reporting and analytics role in an established financial institution. Equipped with in-depth knowledge of financial reporting requirements in accordance with the SFRSs, specifically in the asset management, private equity and securities trading sectors. Well-equipped with financial terms, instruments and models through continued educations with the CFA institute. Keen to help management identify potentials to improve profitability through effective financial analysis. A natural communicator with a strong flair in interpersonal relationships and stakeholder management.
KPMG – Senior Audit Associate (Financial Services Division)   Sep 13 - Present.
Report to Partners and Managers with regards to engagement planning, fieldwork and regulatory filings deliverables   Lead and coordinate teams of 3 – 6 junior associates at any one time to conduct concurrent auditing assignments through tight deadlines.
Plan and conduct financial audits to assure financial statements are fairly presented in alignment with Singapore.
Financial Reporting Standards (SFRSs)  Design and perform compliance audits to assure that Capital Market Services (CMS) license holders are in compliance with the Securities and Futures Act (SFA), Companies Act (CA) and various MAS Guidelines and Notices e.g. Risk Based Capital Adequacy Requirement (RBC) and Anti-Money Laundering/ Countering the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT).
McKinsey & Company – Part-time Researcher (McKinsey’s Knowledge Network)   Aug 12 – May 13.
Worked with consultants and delivered at least 5 fact base reports daily for clients with specific focus on the business sectors and functions of Southeast Asian markets.
PwC – Summer Intern (Deals & Valuation Division)   Jan 11 – Apr 11.
Assisted in the creation of financial valuation models for Merger & Acquisition deals using various valuation techniques that included the Discounted Cash Flow model and Comparables method.
NUS Business School, National University of Singapore, Singapore   Aug 09 – Jul 13.
Graduated from Bachelor of Business Administration in Accountancy - Second class (Upper) Honours.
Desautels Faculty of Management, McGill University, Canada   Aug 10 – Dec 10.
Participated in the International Student Exchange Program.
Highly proficient in spoken and written Mandarin, English and Bahasa Melayu. Enjoy climbing, swimming and ballet.New project construction: System framework constructions formulate operation regulations; liaise with senior executive, system vendors and bank officers.
Cross-border investment operation support: trade support, CA, settlement across a range of products including FX, equities, bonds, futures.
Treasury settlement, remittance, accountant, trade assistant.
Fund Accountant (AVP), Harvest Fund Management Co., Ltd., 2015.3 – 2017.6, Beijing.
New project construction (Harvest Fund is the first interbank foreign exchange participant in China).
Participate in system framework (front, middle, back office) construction.
Meet with system vendors (Reuters) and bank officers (ICBC, BOC, CCB, ABOC, CITI, DB…) to discuss system architecture, requirement, and government policy.
Participate in Deutsche Bank operations training in Hong Kong.
Weekly meet with senior executive to report the status of work.
Formulate operational risk management manual, operational emergency management regulation, accounting operation process manual.
Cross-border fund (QDII, QFII) investment operations support.
Be responsible for trade support, corporate actions, transaction reporting and settlement across a range of products including FX, equities, bonds, futures.
Settlement Accountant, Bosera Fund Management Co., Ltd., 2013.10 - 2015.3, Beijing.
Participate in the construction of online (Alibaba) fund sales projects.
Settlement: responsible for direct sales; TA purchase, redemption; fees calculation and payment, interest calculation and payment, dividends calculation and payment.
Parameter settings: according to the contract to set different fees in system.
System requirements: According to the bank's charges to design automatic calculation of bank charges.
Monthly and quarterly report: Various types of fees report required for financial department.
Formulation of the operating manual: daily business manual preparation and update.
Settlement Department Head, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Singapore Branch, 2008.11 - 2013.7, Singapore.
Formulate department operational procedures and operational guidelines.
Coordinate the other departments to carry out operation management.
Coordinate various banks to do the RMB clearing and settlement services, mainly with local and Hong Kong banks.
2013 ICBC Singapore Branch successfully award the RMB clearing qualification, to help head office to complete the preliminary application, to prepare the test cases and conduct system tests with a number of local banks, to compile kinds of rules and regulations.
Dual responsibility of commercial banks and clearing banks, commercial banks to deal with the settlement of the foreign currency settlement business, clearing bank to deal with the RMB clearing services.
Participate in the application of ICBC Singapore Branch to join the local MEPS+;.
Participate in the application for overseas RMB clearing center qualification;.
2010.04 - 2012.07 National University of Ireland, Finance: Master.
2007.09 - 2009.04 University of Northumbria, Marketing Management: Bachelor.
BLOOMBERG, FXALL, FXT, PINGO, CFETS, MT4, SWIFT, OPICS, SUMMIT, OMEGO.PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC Singapore)           Sep 2012 to present.
Assurance (Financial Services – Asset and Wealth Management department).
Led and performed audit fieldwork which include formulation of audit plans, engagement budgeting, risk assessment, evaluation of internal controls and preparation of financial statements.
Identified risks and controls deficiencies in the business processes and assisted the audit report process to highlight audit findings to the Management.
Performed compliance and regulatory audit in relation to requirements under the Securities and Futures Act for Capital Markets Services License holders for fund management companies, including attestation of MAS forms.
Performed controls testing in relation to ISAE 3402 certification for investment management companies.
Funds: Nikko AM, Schroder, Henderson, Fullerton Private Limited, NTUC Income.
Fund management companies: Aberdeen Asset Management (SG, HK and AU entities), Schroder Investment Management (SG and HK entities). The engagements require extensive involvement in regional coordination work relating to centralised controls and substantive testing with PwC firms globally.
ISAE certification work: BNP Paribas Fund Administration, Aberdeen Asset Management.
Rated as Exceptional performer for FY2015 and FY2016 annual performance ratings.
Team-in-charge for audit of International Fund Services administered funds.
Awarded “PwC Experience” awards for investing in relationships and enhancing client value.
Bachelor of Accountancy – 2nd Upper Honours with cumulative GPA of 4.45.
Recommended Accounting Practice 7 (RAP 7) – Reporting Framework for Unit Trusts.
Capital Markets Services License requirements for fund management companies.
Awarded Sword of Merit (Top 10%) for Officer Cadet Course in 2007.
Appointed as Company 2IC to oversee and coordinate trainings and exercises.Name: Connie (Sin Yu) Phillips   Email: kamconnie@hotmail.com  Phone: +852 6745 3644.
I am an aspiring CFO and looking to consolidate my management experience within the finance function in Asset Management.  I pride myself with a can-do attitude and always looking to make a positive difference.
BFAM Partners is a multi-strategy hedge fund with AUM of around $2.3bn, it allocates capital dynamically amongst three core investment strategies: Equity-Linked trading strategies including convertible bonds; Volatility trading strategies focused on regional Equity and FX markets; and Credit trading strategies.
Since I joined BFAM Partners in August 2016 and reporting directly to the COO, I brought the Cayman, Hong Kong and Consolidated management accounts, which were outsourced to an accountancy firm back in house, the responsibilities included selecting an accounting software, setting up all the necessary controls and processes, writing up the Finance Manual.  The process has helped to speed up the reporting timeline and to improve the accuracy of the accounts.
In addition to producing the monthly management accounts for the corporate entities, I am responsible for all the day to day running of the accounts including bookkeeping, making payments to third parties including the payroll firm.  I also carry out Corporate Treasury function managing liquidity between the entities.
Further, I have set up a model to examine our tax position potentially restructuring Transfer Pricing model as the business grows.
Aside from the Corporate entities, my responsibilities for the Cayman based investment fund are as below:.
As part of the routine NAV production cycle, I work closely with the Middle Office team and the Administrator in Mumbai to ensure the P&L is correct, and ensure capital movements and expenses are accounted for correctly and that the allocation between the investors are correct.  I am responsible for issuing estimated performance to investors on a weekly basis.
Ensuring compliance and tax filings are completed such as K1s for the US investors and FAR for CIMA.
As the Finance Officer, I attend board calls from Cayman and answer directors’ queries.  Attend investors due diligence meetings to represent Finance.
As for the annual Audit on both Corporate and the Fund, I am very much involved reviewing the statutory accounts under IFRS, liaising with the Auditors and Administrators to get the accounts audited and signed off.
My role as a Fund Controller at Cantab Capital is a varied one covering many aspects of financial control and reporting functions for the Cayman funds, the Managed accounts and the Partnership account.
Prior to maternity leave, I led the finance team which involved training up new employees, setting and reviewing their work, defining the finance function and pushing forward the finance projects.
As I have become more experienced within the firm, I devoted most of my time improving various in-house built systems which are widely used by the Operations and the Finance teams.  As Cantab is a systematic trading platform and trades large volume on Forwards, Futures and Equities on a daily basis, it is essential to maximise output of the systems by way of automating the work flow.
Equities Corporate Actions - Implementing alerts and reconciliation system for over 2,000 cash equities and CFDs between two Prime Brokers;.
Cash Reconciliation system – Continual improvement on cash flow for futures commissions, realised cash from trading, margin calls, interest, financing costs and Corporation Actions;.
NAV Database system – System migration from Excel to the Database and enhance reporting for Investor.
Relations;  Automation of Forwards hedging calculation and execution from the Database;.
Maintaining relationship with Data Provider – Thomson Reuters, ongoing monitoring and negotiation of cost   Oversee the administration of the UCITS fund.
I am currently leading a project to switch AIFMD Depositary provider.
The key responsibilities for the Cayman funds and Managed accounts are:.
Review and approve monthly NAVs prepared by Administrator by performing reconciliation of P&L to internal accounting system.  This includes review of fund expenses, perform FX hedge trades, calculate  management fees and calculate performance fees using equalization and series accounting.
Review the year end statutory accounts under IFRS and liaise with auditors.
Assist with Tax queries and liaise with external Tax advisors for German Tax Reporting, UK Reporting Funds, K1s and PFICs.
Issuance of Transparency Report, weekly and monthly fund NAVs estimates.
Monitor investments dealings and outstanding AML, provide support to investor relations for investors queries on fees and performance.
Prepare regulatory filings including BlueSky, CPO-PQR, Annex IV.
I worked for Barclays Capital for 1 year and 4 months.  My focus for the first six months was to test an in-house developed accounting system, called MOTIF, which the derivatives business went live in Sep 2010.  I lead the migration effort from the financial controller prospective during Go Live phase in Sep 2010.  My role had developed to reporting the live business from MOTIF alongside with testing for continuing development.
Management of audit team (tasks allocation and review work of junior staff).
Preparation of reporting documents (reporting to audit committee and group auditors).
Languages English and Cantonese – Bilingual; Mandarin – Intermediate; Spanish – Basic.
IT Advance use of Microsoft Excel and basic use of Microsoft Access (creating table and simple queries).
BFAM Partners (Hong Kong) Limited, Hong Kong Finance Officer.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Cambridge, UK Assistant Manager, Audit & Assurance.With 6 years of working experience in the Asset Management Industry, I have a good understanding of middle to back functions within the industry. I am currently handling trade matching and settlements which involves products such as Equities, Bonds, FX and Fixed Deposits. Account Openings are also within my job scope.
Prior to my current role, I was in a Client Servicing role as well as Client Reporting role in a Global Custodian Bank for close to 2 years, which enabled me to obtain comprehensive knowledge of the global custody sphere. I possess a client-orientated mindset and the independence and dynamism necessary to provide quality work and efficiency to complete tasks ahead of time. I am self motivated and a fast learner.
Comprehensive understanding of workflow of Equities, Fixed Income and FX products.
Worked along-side team leader on a major migration project of the Middle Office team from Hong Kong to Singapore. Updated static data in various platforms, did up multiple spreadsheets which were necessary for day-to-day operations and provided multiple suggestions on process improvements to enable the team to streamline operations.
Daily exception handling on trade matching via Omgeo CTM and managed trade settlement issues.
Updating and maintenance of static data (settlement instructions) on Omgeo ALERT.
Handled derivatives such as TBA and worked alongside team-mate to automate the matching process.
Managed new account opening requests for mandates/funds for various markets.
Handled new broker account opening requests for investment of FX, Equities and Bonds.
Handled daily fixed deposit transactions and ensured funds are remitted timely.
Ensured timeliness and accuracy in daily end-of-day trade files to end-clients.
Performed monthly reconciliation for CSA and GST reporting. Worked alongside team-mate to successfully automate these reconciliation processes.
Handled the extraction and collation of data for various regulatory reporting.
Attended and provided feedbacks to various brokers during service review meetings.
Responsive to client enquiries and able to provide resolution of issues.
Senior Associate - Client Reporting Team State Street Bank and Trust (Singapore)        AUG 2015 TO MAY 2016.
Responsible for preparing and reviewing client reports which includes daily, weekly and monthly valuation reports, agreed client specific customized reports, and other ad-hoc reporting requests •  Ensured close to 100% timely and accurate delivery of reports to clients.
Point of contact for any support and enquiries relating to reporting deliverables and reconciliations.
Participated in weekly client updates, monthly client service reviews with clients and internal teams.
Oversight to internal reconciliation team and review the daily cash and stock reconciliation ledgers.
Involved in a project involving the transition/ outsourcing of reporting function.
Handled the system aspect of all account openings and terminations.
Act as the primary point of contact for leading investment manager clients for assigned work streams such as Transaction Management, Reconciliations, Corporate Actions, Record Keeping and Data Management.
Ensured superior client experience through high quality interactions managed in an accurate, consistent and efficient manner and eased all clients’ concerns  •  Handled global custody queries.
Prepared scorecards, meeting agenda and minutes and participated in monthly client service reviews.
Close coordination with global colleagues is imperative to ensure that a standard operating model and strategic development approach is followed.
Monitored overdrafts and ensure that overdraft compensation is collected timely, overdraft cause is accurately communicated, while escalating potential issues to management  •  Ensured all reporting deliverables are sent timely.
Did up procedures on daily tasks and perform other duties as required.
In charge of client’s account opening/ closure of investment portfolios with UOBAM.
Reviewed documents including investment agreements and account opening documents.
Handled FX account opening and Fixed Deposit account opening.
Processing of FX Forwards and Fixed Deposit transactions and ensure accuracy, timeliness and swift settlement. Confirmed with brokers on the FX netting amounts before settlement date.
Good knowledge on SWIFT messages (MT199, MT103, MT202, MT210).
Handled all cash-related queries and issues and ensured resolution.
Good knowledge on valuation reports and ensured accuracy of all client’s reports.
Reviewed and submitted regulatory requirements such as the quarterly Department of Statistic reporting and yearly MAS Survey on behalf of the department.
Worked alongside team lead to do up process maps and guided new team members.
Handled the settlement of daily trades for bonds and equities.
Daily liaison with central dealers, external counterparties and custodians/ trustees to resolve all trade related issues.
Usage of SWIFT messages on a daily basis (i.e. MT54x, MT210, MT202, MT599).
Managed the account opening of broker accounts for various markets.
Ensured all daily trade files are sent timely to end-clients.PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Deloitte & Touché LLP, Singapore                         Feb 2015 – Present Advisory & Assurance, Global Financial Services.
Audit team lead for clients in wholesale banking; commodities brokerage; asset management and insurance industry.
Audit team lead for an IFRS conversion project for a large Myanmar private bank involving gap analysis.
Vast exposure to MAS compliance for fund management companies and wholesale banking with the relevant MAS returns.
Involved in assessing valuation for range of investments under asset management (e.g. futures, swaps, options & swaps).
Listed company audit portfolio include SGX main-board listed trading company and REITs.
Audit team lead of several Fund Management Companies (FMC), both Registered and Licensed including MAS regulatory compliance checks.
Audit team lead in hedge funds (including private equity fund); exposed to several different investment instruments (fixed income, private equity, quoted equity, warrants, bond, etc.).
Other client in portfolio include benefit schemes and retirement funds of MNCs and investing holding companies dealing in high frequency trading.
  Portfolio of clients include local businesses ranging from construction, medical practitioners and freight forwarding.
EDUCATION Oxford Brookes Business School  Jun 2010 – Dec 2010.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants  Jun 2007 – Jun 2010 (ACCA).
Involved in planning and executing audit engagements and overall lead on the entire engagement.
  Involved in planning and executing logistics requirement for the unit 3 overseas exercises.   Lead a team of logistics personnel to meet the logistics requirements of the unit.
Community Involvement Program. Volunteered in various orphanages, elderly care centers and the pinnacle of which was a volunteer trip to an impoverished village in Kun Ming, China.Skills: Traded Market Risk, Scenario Analysis and Stress Testing; Equity Derivatives; Greeks (Sensitivities of 1st and 2nd order); Market Risk models as VaR or SVaR; Pricing/Valuation models; SQL; Advanced Excel; VBA; Reuters; Bloomberg; Trade Control; UAT software testing; Business Analyst; Exotic Options; SAS.
Manipulation of trade valuation models to produce scenario analysis information.
Analysis and review of scenario results, focusing on understanding the behaviour of derivative products under scenario conditions.
Liaison with Trading and Risk Managers to confirm and corroborate scenario results.
Production of scenario analysis reporting information for distribution to senior management and regulators.
Continuous review of existing control environment and processes in order to improve controls and efficiency of process.
Development of new scenarios to address risks not adequately captured within existing risk management framework or new risks as they arise.
OTC Structured Products valuation monitoring, as market inputs changed and expirations approached, mostly for Equity Trigger Redeemables, Accumulators and other Exotics.
Produce and report measures of risk, as VaR (Historical Simulation).
Dec. 08 – Nov. 10  AXA – Investments Department – Middle Office Control.
Permanent  • Portfolio Controls: Regulatory limits, investment policies, asset class exposures, Durations, Greeks and other statistics measures of performance and risk.
Risk Monitorization: Performance Attribution, PnL review, Concentration Risk limits.
Asset Valuations: Credit and Fixed Income valuation's testing, models development for Caps/Floors, Callables, Interest Rate Swaps and other Vanilla products; Monitoring yield curves and credit spreads used for month end valuations.
Monitoring the process of pricing assets and occasionally attribute value to fixed income products. Monitoring asset swap yield curve and credit spreads accordingly to rating and maturity ranges.
Check counterpart valuations and data vendors contributed prices.
Verify concentration risk in portfolios and AXA companies, accordingly to internal normative.
Regulatory limits control, according to insurance laws in Portugal, Spain and Italy. Limits were set at corporate issuer, parent company, maximum liquidity, minimum rating, asset class, currency levels.
Insure trades are being added according definitions of previous Investment Committees.
Verify if signatures authorizing trades respect Power of Attorneys defined for the AXA's company or portfolio.
Creation of a model that reproduces the complex fees structure charged by asset managers, of over 12B€.
Manage relationship between AXA Mediterranean Region and Local AXA companies regarding a Service Level Agreement.
Control of NAV values from pension funds and Unit Linked products, in order to detect abnormal volatility.
Pension funds, Unit Links and benchmarks performance production.
Monitoring hedging effectiveness, through Greeks observation, of Unit Linked products.
Monitoring theoretical and real weights of asset classes and constituents funds within UL products.
Development of excel calculators for caps, floors (binomial and BS model) and callable bonds.
Monitoring portfolio composition accordingly to Investment Policy.
Development with SAP consultants, of applications capable of computing portfolio and benchmark performance.
Conciliations of accounting data between different platforms, accordingly to SOX rules.
Modelization and development of a written algorithm capable of monitoring regulatory limits through SAP.
Excel macros development to get real time data from Bloomberg.
Participation and collaboration with internal and external auditors.
Monthly reports of incidences and minimization of risks through controls.
Identification and quantification of operational risks within investments department.
CFA – level II: Pass. Chartered Financial Analyst level 2 exam passed.
CMT – level I: Pass. Chartered Market Technician level 1 exam passed.
Nova School of Business and Economics (Lisbon, Portugal) B.S., Business Administration: 14.1 values out of 20 (70,5%).
Universidad Autónoma de Madrid (Erasmus exchange program, Spain).
• Small fund invested on European Equity Index futures and Bonds.
Lead the design of new applications to better explain Scenario’s PnL, risk exposure and improve data integrity.
Improvements to the stress testing framework in order to comply with the BCBS239 guidelines from the Basel committee.
Driving the requirements and help defining, testing and documenting the new developments.
Develop relationships with all stakeholders to ensure timely and consistent delivery.
Liaise with other stress testing analysts and SMEs to ensure the requirements are clear and properly defined.
Ensure that new developments are properly tested and documented.
Help define IT requirements and develop testing tools around stress testing results.
Ensure compliance with FDSF (Firm Data Submission Framework) for PRA (Bank of England).
Develop and conduct user training workshops and materials.
Ensure adequate limits (VaR, sensitivities and stress) and risk framework are in place, aligned with the firm’s overall risk appetite and desk mandates.
Proactive input into Management Information, including risk-adjusted performance measures, to facilitate better business decisions and resource allocation.
Work with trading staff to understand and highlight inherent market risks and define practical solutions.
Run risk reports and updates for the weekly Management Committee meetings and other senior level meetings such as the Executive Committee and Board Risk Committee. • Validate VaR and SVaR numbers on a daily basis, justifying any change with new trades or market price moves, affecting sensitivities.
Following new OTC trades of Interest Rate products, to hedge actual exposures.
Identify Data Quality issues and liaise with other teams to fix the incorrect numbers.
Review and monitor the legal entity limits implementation.
In charge for Capital and Risks Not in VaR (RNIV) reporting process.
Provide details to senior management on market risk daily moves. Explaining what trades caused VaR to increase or sensitivities to change.
Daily report of PRA legal entities on market risk metrics and associated capital consumption.
Ownership of Risks Not in VaR reporting. Review of all reports before sending to regulatory authorities. Calculation of capital consumption associated with RNIV risks and the number of exceptions experienced by the legal entity.
Point of contact for all queries related with RNIV numbers and reports. Improvement of the reporting process, excel and VBA tools used and the timings of the reporting process through its different stages.
Elaboration of documentation and manuals on the RNIV reporting and training of an offshore team to take over some of the tasks involved in the process. Monitorization of this team’s production.
Credit Suisse IB – Counterparty and Credit Risk - Scenarios/Stress Testing.
Develop a series of consistent test scripts to challenge the entire data flow, from scenario database, to product valuation, reporting production and finally report distribution.
UAT testing, approval of software releases developed internally after designing and executing both positive and negative test cases.
Ownership of the reporting distribution project. Elicit business and functional requirements to develop the reporting distribution capability, communicating these to internal IT developers through a BRD and an FRD.
Designing the process of aggregation the scenario's results by issuer, accordingly to counterparty risk requirements.
Definition of new scenarios and validation of stress valuation results.
Testing the UAT releases, detecting errors and suggesting solutions.
Gathering and documenting requirements after creating and winning a new business case.
Performing general Business Analyst tasks and different functional implementations.
Credit Suisse IB – Market Risk – Scenarios/Stress Testing – Equity Derivatives.
• Ensure the risk policies, trading limits and procedures are followed by the trading.
AXA – Pension Funds – Front Office, Portfolio Manager Assistant.
Developed excel models to track Portfolio and Benchmark's performance attribution and statistics.
Developed models to perform stress-testing /scenario analysis.
Investment Committee advisory member; ad-hoc research projects and risk analysis.
Development of an excel model capable of retrieving extensive portfolio and benchmark performance statistics automatically.
Sectorial analysis of portfolios accordingly GICS standards.
Elaboration of quarterly client's information and research notes on markets and their pension funds.
Analysis of pension funds industry in Spain and the consistency of funds within first quartile during several years.
Analysis of Real Peer Performance of AXA pension funds against the industry, by quartiles.
SwiftTrade – Proprietary Stock Trader ($70k average daily volume).
Independent Futures Trader – European Stock Index Futures traded at Eurex.
• In charge of Portuguese and Spanish clients (OTC dealers/market makers) contributing prices to Reuters. Excel macro's production per client's request.
Excel (VBA), SQL Server Management Studio, Reuters, Bloomberg, SAP, X_Trader, Metastock, WealthLab, Business Objects, MARS, MUREX, SAS Studio.