yuanbinsiow@gmail.com • 03-118-3, Block 156, Toa Payoh Lorong 1, Singapore 310156.
Senior Associate, Financial Due Diligence, Transaction Advisory Services  December 2016 – Present.
Provided buy-side financial due diligence for a private equity fund focused on infrastructure investments.
Collaborated with various internal and external parties including legal counsel, tax restructuring, valuation team to support client in the bidding process.
Assessed the reasonableness of key inputs in financial modelling including adjusted EBITDA and normalised working capital.
Determined the amount of key pricing components including net-debt and debt-like items.
American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer.
Provided sell-side assistance for disposal of a business unit which carried transaction value of US$1 billion.
Acted as project management officer between group Acquisition & Divesture team and local markets’ finance teams in Asia Pacific region in the financial data extraction and reporting process.
Supported management in preparation of carve-out financials and provided guidance on carve-out methodology e.g. cost allocation basis, specific and identifiable fixed assets.
Reviewed financial information prepared by management to ensure they are fit for audit purposes.
Conducted in-depth financial data analysis to understand commercial reasons behind the fluctuations.
Provided buy-side financial due diligence for a private equity fund based in Asia. The targeted business’s enterprise value is estimated at US$167m.
Reviewed pro forma consolidated financial statements prepared by target’s management and auditors.   Conducted product cost analysis including fixed versus variable and direct versus indirect.
Analysed key performance indicators e.g. product gross margin, production yield and pricing.
A new key audit client to the firm. The Singapore component generates revenue exceeding US$600 million per annum.
As audit lead, managed a team of four and reported to group audit team in UK within short reporting timeframe.
Achieved a smooth transition to a new audit firm and obtained client’s satisfaction.
A new audit client to the firm. The company owns an international apparel brand and has six outlets in Singapore.
As audit lead, managed a team of three and completed statutory audit within agreed timeframe.
Dealt with predecessor auditor and assessed the adequacy of audit procedures performed to ensure painless transition to a new audit firm.
Identified improvement points for both business operations and financial reporting process.
The Company operates a prominent golf club in Singapore since 1993.
As audit lead, managed a team of three to complete statutory audit within agreed timeline.
Reviewed valuation report prepared by expert. Assessed appropriateness of valuation method used e.g.
direct comparison, replacement cost, and capitalization method and reasonableness of their underlying assumptions.
yuanbinsiow@gmail.com • 03-118-3, Block 156, Toa Payoh Lorong 1, Singapore 310156.
The company has 20-year track record in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) with annual revenue exceeding RMB5 billion.
As lead auditor, managed a team of two and monitor progress of component auditor to ensure completion of audit within agreed timeframe.
Reviewed consolidated financial statements and ensure completeness and accuracy of consolidation adjustment entries.
Reviewed cash flow modeling and assessed reasonableness of key assumptions e.g. crude oil prices, PRC market and industry outlook, discount rate, and etc.
The Malaysia component is listed on the Bursa Malaysia with a market capitalisation of MYR19 billion.
ey audit member in a team of ten and involved in complex and significant audit areas e.g. goodwill impairment assessment and current and deferred tax computation.
Reviewed discounted cash flow forecast and assessed reasonableness of key assumptions e.g. terminal growth rate, discount rate, asset utilization, CAPEX, growth rate and etc.
Reviewed current and deferred tax computation of entities with complex tax structure e.g. finance leased assets, actuarial gain or loss arising from defined benefit plans.
Key audit client to the firm. The company has business interests from forest resource management to oil palm plantation and property development in various countries globally.
As group auditor, monitored progress of component auditors to ensure delivery of reporting deliverables within timeframe.
Reviewed plantation valuation report and assessed the reasonableness of key assumptions e.g. log prices, discount rate and etc.
Assessed accounting implications of newly effective accounting standards i.e. Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”) 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and MFRS12 Joint Arrangement.
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW).
  Completed all papers at first attempt with average mark of 79%.Professional Accountant (ICAEW), BBA Hons. (Mgt), NUS University Scholar.
Past industries: Fund Accounting (under Education); Professional Audit & Accounting (int. shipping clients & listed corporations); 3 months MNC experience.
In pursuit of a rewarding career, in a leading private equity/ venture capital/ fund management/ investment firm as a fund accountant.
Assisting in everyday duties to manage the accounts (through preparation of investment schedules and transaction recording/maintenance), and.
Enabling stakeholder satisfaction through quality & respectable client services; ● Seeing to accurate accounts made timely and in adherence to regulations.
At the same time, growing & learning to take on greater responsibilities independently, ● Eventually qualifying as a trusted chartered accountant.
Audit (2 years’ work experience); Accounting (1 year professional bookkeeping); Business and finance (Intermediate knowledge); Microsoft tools (Proficient in Excel, Word, Powerpoint).
Raffles Institution, Bishan-​ Alumni Cohort’s Fund Accountant/ Account Clerk.
Maintained database of alumni contacts attending a cohort’s reunion event.
Managed collection/recording of alumni funds, at the same time, performed KYC & due diligence.
Prepared cost budgets for the team & ensured spending of funds is within limits.
Discussed potential risks that may arise in case of default payment to vendors.
Margin Wheeler PL (Outsourced Accounting), Bukit Batok ​ - Assistant Team Lead.
Produced annual reports for local SMEs for their submission to IRAS, according to local standards.
Prepared full set of accounts, annual filing documents, AGM minutes and tax computations (including performing of month and year end closing of clients’ bank accounts).
Assessed client’s ability to meet ACRA and MAS regulations, and bring them onboard the company’s portfolio of clients.
Adhere to regulations and compliance standards, by performing risk assessments and critical audit procedures according to audit plan and under the direction of my supervisors.
In a team environment, discussed business issues with engagement partners and documented our findings according to audit standards.
Witnessed client on boarding action of listed companies and SMEs onto my company’s client portfolio list.
Attended training programmes to understand AML, KYC and other regulatory restrictions that were necessary for my role.
Provided consult to the Customs Specialist team in their work of coordinating audit for regional trade.
Corresponded with trade managers from GE business units in China, Indonesia and Malaysia etc to garner organizational input, knowledge and support.
Assisted in the restructuring of GE business units within the region and helped the team to streamline customs operations.
Achieved my role as a support and consult to the team, as I enabled them to complete their assigned tasks well before their deadlines.
National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore ​ - BBA, Hons (Management); University.
Copenhagen Business School, Denmark ​ - Master’s degree transcript (1 Semester).
RMaaftfhleems Jautinciso &r  CTorlilpelge eS c(Nieonwce  Raffles Institution), Singapore  -​ 4 A’Level Distinctions in.
Currently at foundational level of post-graduate ACA (England and Wales) qualification under ICAEW.
Successfully completed the Financial Risk Manager (FRM) Certification Training Program Module.
Trained in Excel Spreadsheet and creative presentations using Microsoft PowerPoint & Word.Looking for a change in working environment and for commercial experience. Seeking a career that is challenging, rewarding and with lots of opportunities to grow within the firm.
Possesses good written and verbal communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills and is a good team player.
Represented Hall of Residence 9 (2013 - 2014) and Hall of Residence 11 (2015) in the annual Inter-Hall Cheerleading Competitions.
Represented Victoria Junior College and attained a Silver award in the 2011 Singapore Youth Festival for Chinese Orchestra.
Represented Victoria Junior College and attained a Gold award in the 2011 Singapore Youth Festival for Guzheng ensemble.• Strong understanding of global risk transfer strategies across asset classes.
(long/short, event driven, market neutral, and risk arbitrage).
• Apply both fundamental and technical principles and analysis on markets and securities. Closely follows industry data/publications.
• Place high priority on desk collaboration and communication to achieve efficient execution.
Responsible for execution (equities, equity index futures and commodities) for $ 4.5b USD global macro hedge fund in Singapore time for 8+ discretionary portfolio managers.
Develop thematic and technical trade ideas and construction.
Generate and deliver ways for portfolio managers to improve positions based on global market developments, economic releases, and company specific news.
Perform daily market analysis of flows, levels, headlines and        relevant commentary.
Traded various equity and futures markets (equity indexes, metals, currencies, energy) based on inter-market analysis.
Analyzed market conditions to gauge their potential impact on trading strategies.
First trader in the firm to develop strategies to trade the term structure on       Volatility Index Futures.
Developed and automated trading strategies across asset classes.
INTERNATIONAL TRADING GROUP Glenview, Illinois           2006-2009.
Built and managed core equity positions around macro themes using equity pairs and energy markets.
•  Refco Trading Services, LLC (Chicago, Illinois, 2004-2006), Trader.
•  The Chimera Group, LLC (Chicago, Illinois, 2001-2004), CoFounder/Head Trader.
• Peters Securities, LP (Chicago, Illinois, 1998-2001), Head of Listed Trading.
Served as SRO Representative; Member CBOE (Chimera Group).
Excelled in quality of execution of trades and spreads based on TAG reports     (Peters Securities).
Sachs equity execution algorithms, Charles River OMS, EZE Castle OMS and a        wide array of futures execution platforms.
B.A., Business, Lake Forest College (Lake Forest, Illinois).Bachelor of Accountancy with Second Class Honours (Lower Divison)                         (2008-May 2011).
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore.
School of Business and Accountancy, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Singapore.
• Maintaining full set of accounting records of properties within a portfolio.
• Prepare quarterly Singapore Stock Exchange reporting, Board Papers and Statutory Financial Statements reporting.
• Review budgets and forecasts, including collaborating with investment and property managers.
• Review cash-flow forecast and working with treasury to manage cash-flow.
• Standardization and improvement of finance processes and procedures, and updating finance team on accounting developments and regulatory updates.
• Collating and analysis of Singapore-listed REIT financials.
• Assists in preparation of materials for Head of Finance to answer queries in AGM and road shows. Managing finance related questions from investment and property managers and to provide appropriate reconciliations and reports as required.
• Manage an accounting team of four, and meeting various internal and external audit requirements (i.e. tax, accounting and internal controls).
Senior in charge of BHG Retail REIT intial public offering (IPO). Reviewed banker’s financial models. Advised bankers on the level of debt and equity, certain corporate structures, financing structures and avenues to repatriate returns. Prepared proforma financial statements based on different scenerios and assumptions. Assessed client’s forecasts and property valuations, and assisted client in drafting of prospectus.
Autonomously managed audit engagements across various industries including: funds, real estate developer, construction, hotel, healthcare, advertising, transportation and consumer goods etc. Notable clients:.
Real Estate Capital Asia Partners Fund I,II and III (Close ended opportunitic funds focusing on investing in Asia real estates, mainly in Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia countries) . Assessed valuation of invested properties. Built financial models to test such valuation. Verfied source datas and assumptions used in the valuation. Reviewed  the properties for impairment issues. Reviewed consolidated financial statements and partner’s capital, and check for adherence to loan covenants.
City e-Solutions Limited (Lead auditor. Hong Kong listed, operations and investments mostly in The United States. Reviewed consolidation.), W Hotel Singapore, BCH Hotel Investment Pte. Ltd.
GS Engineering & Construction Corporation (Singapore branch).
Woodlands Transport Holdings Pte. Ltd (Performed consolidation for client.).
Pepsico International Pte. Ltd., Kao Singapore Private Limited.
Conversant with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Singapore Standards on Assurance Engagements (SSAE) and Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSA).
Identify and communicate accounting, auditing and risk matters to managers and partners.
Independently developed analysis templates and tools for cross function cost charging and comptrollership reporting which led to increased efficiency.
Performed analysis work on accrual provisions and quarter-end revenue and cost evaluation.
Utilized strong knowledge of Excel, US GAAP and corporate controllership to contribute to ad-hoc projects in the organization.
Government of Singapore Investment Corporation               (Sep 2005-Mar 2006).
Verified bond investment data output and algorithms of IT systems. Conducted user acceptance test for IT systems. Reported on and followed up with vendors on discrepancies discovered.
Assisted in checking back end and front end of bond investment risk data.
Planned, developed and wrote operation plan, signal plan and training manual. Coordinated work between various army units.
Involved in organizing events such as the freshman orientation camp and hall dinner and dance.
Running, swimming, SCUBA diving , video editing and building 1:35 scale model kits.Sep 2006 to Apr 2008   : Bachelor of Commerce – Murdoch University.
With over 10 years of customer service experiences in Banking & Financial, Media, and Telecommunication industries.
Currently, having more than 7 years working experiences in asset management environment as a Fund Accountant and also been responsible for an important role of the team as a Client Service Representative (CSR). As a CSR, my role includes in handling client’s day to day queries and requests on top of daily fund accounting operational tasks.
Be the main in-charge of billing function of the team, my role is required me to work closely with internal colleagues to ensure all the reports and invoices were produced accurately to our client. Liaising and follow-up with relevant parties to ensure any billing related issues or requests being addressed immediately.
On top of CSR and Billing roles, I also responsible in handling Tax queries which involve advising client on how to fill the form and follow-up with client on submission tax reclaim forms in any event. I will need to prepare and provide the data files or income reports base on client’s requests.
Looking at my prior job, working as a Customer Service Executive in MediaCorp leading subscription team in circulation department, to train, direct and motivate staffs. Having abilities to manage and coordinate active plans for daily operation of subscription team. Establish work priorities and assist staffs with problem resolution. Also part of Project team member for implementation of the new subscriber system and online subscription website to support the business and improve customer service.
AIA - Rayner Lee & Associate  Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 (4mths contract).
Maintaining monthly birthday list & cake ordering  matters.
Review monthly AIA financial Statements, perform monthly banking & finance tracking duties.
General; HR management, including medical leaves, annual leaves, reimbursements, etc.
Writing minutes for weekly leaders meeting / group agency meeting ( average 3 hours duration meeting minutes per session).
ICM management includes for coaching, meeting attendance/minutes, FHR assignments.
Perform Cash/FM Reconciliation for daily and monthly accounts.
Performing the mid month and month end reporting and analysis reports.
Prepare data files daily and perform investigation upon any issues arise.
Ensure all NAV’s/reports and other deliverables are produced in accordance to agreed service level standards. Client Serving duties.
Maintaining a strong and good relationship with client. Handle daily client queries through emails or phones. Monitor closely to the mailboxes and response to the client queries promptly. Resolving any queries like billing issues, fees related queries, accounting enquiries, new account set up matters, any client reporting  requests and etc.
Analyze the fund instructions issued by client and feedback to client  if there is any issues related to the instruction.
Daily keep a lookup for any incoming faxes in the inbox and distribute the instructions to the respective parties to ensure all instructions been processed accordingly and assist the FA if they have any queries related to the instructions.
Liaising with Fund Manager and Custody Representative to ensure smooth processing.
Be in charge of billing function includes preparing and following up closely with the relevant parties. This is to ensure reports are provided accurately to client and internal colleagues.
Having ability to troubleshoot and resolve any issues related to billing and fees such as follow-up Business Client Solution team/oversea billing team to resolve the new account billing issues and etc.
Monitoring any fee instructions received and informing the billing to process and drop the accrual accordingly.
Handling Relationship Manager's queries about billing status such as aging report, write off, fee issue, billing close account or new account created and etc.
Analyze the fund operational memo and feedback to client  if there is any issues related to the contract.
Prepare any fund payment template and liaising with various parties to set up treasury edge for the new account set up.
Teaching and guide the fund admin teammates how to process trade orders, prepare payments, do monthly fund statement, verification process, monitoring and answering any fund related emails and etc. Workflow Improvement responsibilities.
Pioneer to run new funds. Subsequently, pass on to newbie to run the funds.
Teach and guide the newbie how to run the daily/monthly funds, month end work process and other work tasks.
Prepare and written all Client Specific Procedures/Standard Operation Procedures to have a proper guidelines to improve current workflows such as the following reports;.
-Others guidelines reports ➢ Assist with ad-hoc projects. System Testing/Macro Updates duties.
Handling reports/system testing to improvise the current working process.
Liaising with IT with regards to macros and do testing of the macro to update new funds or any new client requests.
❖ Responsible for an important role in the team as a client servicing representative. ❖ Main in-charge of the billing function.
Provide customer service to clients; Investigate into customers' complaints and resolve problems by recommending possible actions and solutions.
Handle new and existing corporate account to various corporations. ➢ Monitor stock levels, usage and generate forecast of requirements ➢ Perform inventory control and management.
Responsible for establishing monitoring reports to help monitor both system and/or personnel performance levels, customer survey evaluation and analysis reports.
Attending department leaders monthly meeting to present my team sales subscriptions statics.
Handle new subscription system implementation such written new system specification requirements, system testing, monitoring system workability and etc. Achievement:.
Project team member for subscription system implementation.
SingTel Mobile Pte Ltd - Customer Service Officer   Jun 2000 – Jan 2005 (4 ½ yrs).
Assist Manager to prepare daily & monthly reports on customer’s feedback /mobile services/ rejects.
Handing corporate accounts and updating of corporate individual scheme rate.
Replying daily email enquiries. On top of that, further investigate are require & to resolve as soon as possible.
Checking mobile airtime & subscription, doing calculate & raising adjustment.
Data Entry of Subscriber’s information to the database system.
S.T.E Engineering Pte Ltd - Admin Assistant  Jan 1999 – May 2000 ( 1 1/2years ).
Perform administrative functions including office maintenance and operations, travel arrangements, and handling of correspondence.
Assist Supervisor in preparing monthly statistics reports.
Assist in other ad-hoc projects, assignments & activities.
Competent in Microsoft Words, Excel, Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint etc. Typing Speed: 30 words per minutes.
Independent and able to take on multiple assignments under pressure.
Love to accept any challenges and work in a dynamic environment.Bachelor in Business Administration (Accountancy) – Honours (Merit).
Experienced different cultures during two exchanges at Korea University and ITAM (Mexico).
Presidential Secretary Of NUS Investment Society, dance Team Member with d’hoppers  and.
Organising Committee for Asian Youth Leaders Travel and Learning Camp 2016.
Honour Roll student in 2010 & 2011, GCE ‘A’ Levels with 3 distinctions.
Vice-President of the Scholars’ Development Programme leading a community of 40 people.
Represented the school  as a member of the Choir on an exchange programme to the Czech Republic.
Conducting comprehensive financial audit of listed companies including one in the United States.
Perform analytical procedures to detect unusual financial statement relationships.
Propose adjusting journal entries and communicate auditing matters to seniors.
Prepared the cash sections, bank confirmation letters, profit and loss statements and balance sheets.
Reconciled bank balances and analysed any anomaly for variance analysis.
Participated in month-end closing entries for the finance department by reconciling overseas.
payroll accounts and balanced the general ledger using SAP system.
Assisted in claiming of import and export tax duties for the department which was shorthanded.
Produced investment analysis reports on reputable Asian companies that the team have an interest in.
Created weekly meeting notes and team presentations for a team of 10 members.
Initiated project to create database to facilitate communication between team members and external companies.
Managed the team’s calendar by liaising with external brokers daily.
Youth Expedition Project to Laos for Service Learning      Jul 14 – Dec 14.
Planned the team’s itinerary for the weekends by liaising with external vendors.
Spearheaded publicity efforts by advocating the team’s cause during fundraising activities.
Planned and oversaw a children’s carnival in Lao consisting of 60 children.
Taught the team of 22 members basic conversational Lao language.
Visited patients (special friends) every fortnight and interacted with them by playing games to stimulate their minds.
Assisted in the organisation of events during festivities where performance will be conducted.
Languages: Proficient in English and Mandarin. Able to converse in Hokkien and Cantonese dialects.
IT Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Basic Bloomberg capabilities, Basic Adobe Photoshop Skills.Address   : Blk 2B, Upper Boon Keng Road, Kallang, Singapore 382002.
I have over three years of external audit experience and have spent the last two years specialising in the Funds and Capital Markets industry with RSM Chio Lim LLP, the largest audit firm outside the Big 4 in Singapore. In addition to the local statutory financial audits, I have led regulatory compliance audits of Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) registered fund management companies and assisted in SGX listed companies and REIT audit .
I started out my career with PricewaterhouseCoopers Penang, Malaysia for a year in its assurance department as an audit associate. During my service with the firm, I was given the opportunity to perform several types of audits such as the local statutory audit, international reporting audits (Germans, Hong Kong and etc) and specified procedures audits (US-SOX and Japan engagement audits). Besides I have also been auditing various sectors of companies ranging from manufacturing, trading, property development and education.
RSM Chio Lim LLP – Senior, Audit (2 years, October 2015 - Present).
I joined the Fund and Capital Markets team as an Audit Associate in Jan 2015 and was promoted to Audit Senior in October 2015. In October 2016, I was promoted to my current position as second year Audit Senior.
Lead Auditor-In-Charge  for a SGX listed REIT with assets larger than S$1 billion.
Led compliance and financial team audit engagements for Fund Management Companies regulated by the MAS – Licensed Fund Management Companies ("LFMC") and Registered Fund Management Companies ("RFMC").
Led financial audits for Singapore branch’s administrative office of China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange.
Assisted in the financial audits for a variety of Singapore and Cayman Islands-registered funds, in market segments such as mutual trust, private equity, quoted & unquoted financial instruments, and distressed debt.
Assisted in the audits for SGX listed company (nature: commodities) and SGX listed Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT).
RSM Chio Lim LLP – Senior, Audit (2 years, October 2015 - Present).
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Malaysia – Audit Associate (1 year, October 2013 – November 2014).
I joined the firm as Vocational Trainee in its assurance department during my second year of university for the periods between February 2014 to July 2013 & June 2011 to August 2011. In October 2013, I took up the offer and joined the firm as audit associate.
Assisted in reputable Multinational Companies audit (nature: manufacturing , engineering and electronics,).
Assisted in two listed companies audit (nature: construction).
Assisted in US-SOX audit engagements, Agreed-Upon-Procedures engagements and International Reporting.
Assisted audit seniors in performing vouching for various sections, assets sighting and stock takes.
Bachelor of Accounting Information System (Hons), Universiti Utara Malaysia 2009-2013.
Remarks: Currently pursuing professional qualification – ACCA (Status: Pass: P1 Governance, Risk and Ethics P3 Business).Address: Blk 121, Lorong 2 Toa Payoh, #23-28, Singapore 310121.
I am a professional qualified accountant trained with Big 4 specialized in financial services covering asset management and banking. My past experiences developed me to be an optimistic and analytical individual with strong interpersonal skills and work best as a team leader and player. My career passion is to build a long term and rewarding career in fast pace moving industry.
May – July 2016 EC World Asset Management Pte. Ltd (EC World REIT).
Involved in the IPO exercise of the REIT fund (recently listed in SGX-ST).
Develop the Compliance Manuals, Risk Management Policy in accordance with MAS Guidelines and SGX listing rules.
Setting up the IT infrastructure in adherence with MAS Guidelines.
Apr – Dec 2015 (contract) Avenue Asia Singapore Pte Ltd (Avenue Capital Group).
Handing full spectrum of funds operation, accounting and reporting for Asian funds.
Responsible for preparation of payments/wires in accordance with appropriate SPV and allocations, cash management, cash and investment reconciliations, month end closing, profit/loss allocations, distribution, waterfalls and other ad-hoc matters.
Prepare quarterly Financial Statements (“FS”) in accordance with US GAAP for Asia funds/SPVs, investors reporting, capital letters to investors.
Support the team on European fund accounting tasks which invest in housing assets for students’ hostels in UK which is under the UK-Luxembourg structure.
Involved in due diligence exercise to sell the UK assets as above.
Note: This role was direct recruit as PwC auditor previously.
Senior Associate 2 – Financial Services Assurance: Asset Management.
Specialized in external audit and compliance review of mutual funds, hedge funds and private equity or venture capital funds/firms with the respective accounting standards and securities regulation (MAS).
Seconded to PwC Hong Kong team in auditing of an Asian private equity funds mainly invest in distressed assets based in Singapore managed by a global asset manager which accounted under US GAAP. Involved in reviewing the valuation and uncertain tax position of the investment assets (both listed and unlisted) of funds under management for 2 consecutive financial years..
Experienced with first year audit of newly set up/start up boutique fund management companies.
Assist Head Partner (Asia Pacific Asset Management Leader) in introducing a new initiative of Asset Management weekly newsletter to the team.
Support Partners' group in working on industry statistics and data, market research of emerging trends for business development or marketing initiatives in Singapore and Asia Pacific region.
Nov 2013 – Jan 2014  TAEL Management Co (M) Sdn Bhd (TAEL Partners).
Handle day-to-day works on payments, capital calls and other ad-hoc matters.
Primarily responsible in coordinating annual statutory audit and preparation of Financial Statements of the funds under management.
Review FS to ensure in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS) and Securities Commission (SC) of Malaysia Guidelines prepared by team members.
Managing a wide range of mutual funds (Conventional or Shariah/Islamic) under management.
Team lead in NAV pricing team and ensure that the pricing of all the funds under management are calculated accurately for submission to Federation Investment Managers Malaysia (FIMM) in timely manner.
Member of Working Committee for Global International Performance Standards (GIPS) compliance.
Respond to queries and manage relationship ranging from auditors, trustees, fund performance trackers, fund managers, institutional investors and etc.
Contribute in identifying areas of process improvement and internal control enhancement.
Specialized in external audit of banking (Conventional and Islamic) and unit trust/mutual fund industries.
Involved in Malaysian largest bank group (Retail, Commercial, Islamic and Investment arms) for consecutive three financial years with leadership role.
Team lead in Islamic bank and some state owned development banks.
Perform managerial role review on unit trust on various funds which include review of FS.
Experienced in external audit of manufacturing, trading, services and other industry of (Public Listed Companies, Multinational Corporation (MNC) and Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) during junior years.
Training facilitator for firm in house training for associates covering bank’s branch visit area and primarily prepared the related presentation slides.
Assist and report to manager in advisory work on (FRS) readiness project on pension funds for Malaysian civil servants at diagnostic level.
Assist manager in financial due diligence on a telecommunication’s contractor target company via secondment to Transaction Advisory Service (TAS) unit for one month.
Assist manager in preparing Accountant’s Report (1st draft) for Initial Public Offering (IPO) application in submission to Securities Commission Malaysia for a steel construction company.
Awarded federal scholarship by Public Service Department of Malaysia (JPA) – turned down.
2003 (GCE A-Level)  Malaysian Higher Education Certificate (STPM).
Securities regulation (MAS, Malaysia SC, Securities and Futures Act).
Investment/fund valuation (unit trusts, hedge funds and private equity).
Fund accounting/management system : Geneva and PAM and CAAT auditing software.
2) Past member of Toastmasters of Ernst & Young and International.
Written: English (excellent), Bahasa Malaysia (good), and Mandarin (basic).
Spoken: English (excellent) Bahasa Malaysia (good), Chinese dialects: Mandarin (good), Cantonese and Hokkien (fair).My name is Thai Wei Ying and I am applying to the Private Equity Analyst position. I have a strong interest in investments, and the opportunity to be involved in full private equity deal process motivated me to apply to this role. I believe my four years of research experience across private and public equities will allow me to add value to this role.
I am currently an Investment Analyst with brokerage firm UOB Kay Hian, where my equity research coverage spans eleven portfolio companies across various sectors in technology, ecommerce, healthcare, transport and consumer. My key responsibilities involve generating investment ideas, monitoring industry trends as well as conducting extensive due diligence and financial analysis of companies. Since I have joined the firm, I led initiation reports of three listed companies and was also involved in the production of several pre-deal reports. Separately, I support the institutional sales team through participating in non deal investor roadshows as well as assisting with client calls and requests. Overall, my experience in equity research allows me to develop critical skill sets in financial modeling, investment analysis as well as hone my communication and report writing skills.
I was previously a Financial Analyst with global private equity firm Partners Group AG. I managed 12 Asia-Pacific and Emerging Markets private equity funds through origination support such as pitch book presentations and portfolio update presentations. I was also regularly involved in preparing research insights and investment commentaries on the funds’ investments in Southeast Asia. Through critical analysis of private equity funds and portfolio companies’ fundamentals in the Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, I was able to gain holistic understanding of the operational, financial and regulatory dynamics that shape industries and companies in these regions. Furthermore, regular interactions with global clientele and handling of projects enabled me to develop my problem solving and project management skills.
I look forward to discussing my application with you further.
Investment Analyst, Equity Research January 2016 - Present.
Research coverage of 11 public equities across land transport, healthcare, technology and consumer sectors.
Core functions include undertaking in-depth investment research, monitoring the Asia macro environment and tracking industry developments.
Full understanding of financial accounting concepts as well as various valuation methodologies.
Build complex financial models from ground up; perform sensitivity and scenario analysis.
Led three initiation reports and also developed the pre-deal report for coffee shop operator Kimly Group, which opened trading at 120% above IPO price.
Responsible for organizing non-deal investor roadshows as well as assisting in client calls and requests.
Maintain strong relationships with portfolio companies through meetings and interviews with managements, site visits as well as attending conferences.
Financial Analyst, Product Management August 2013 - December 2015.
Product Manager for 12 Asia-Pacific and Emerging Markets private equity funds with over USD 5.2b AUM.
Acted as primary contact for institutional clients globally.
Established close relationships and good communication channels with limited partners through providing assistance in client requests and due diligence questionnaires.
Assisted in origination initiatives through developing pitch book, update presentations, fact sheets and investment commentaries for respective programs.
Formulated over 100 investment research reports through performing research analysis related to portfolio positioning, operational development and valuation movement.
Monitored private equity news and documented relevant macroeconomic and industry specific events.
Performed audit and risk assessment of internal controls for US GAAP companies.
Provided advisory services for clients in areas regarding IFRS regulatory and US GAAP compliance.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Accountancy), Honours                         August 2009 -  June 2013.
GCE Advanced Level Examination (Four distinctions)                          January 2007 -  December 2008.Client Advisor Assistant, UHNW International Markets     2015 – Current.
Being the point of contact for optimal support service delivery in processing client orders and dealing with client queries.
Ensuring superior client experience through providing excellent administrative and organizational support in all client related processes.
Managing & trouble-shooting challenging situations using specialized transactional process knowledge.
Manage relationships with sales teams and trading desks to ensure products, including procedural, control and risk management processes are adhered.
Review of cross-border activities and investment suitability criteria are met by client advisory teams.
Build and establish effective relationship with client advisory teams; serving as the advisors’ main point of contact and in ensuring that they are supported with critical resource in a timely manner.
Discuss product features across asset classes with various stakeholders.
Led the programme, sponsorship, marketing, finance, design and logistics teams in a 4D3N camp involving 300 students.
In charge of a mentorship programme for the 2014 Executive Committee leaders.
2nd in-charge of one of the largest cross-faculty camps in NUS.
Led the programme team in the development of the camp’s blueprint.
Responsible for the smooth execution of event and monitoring of safety regulations.
Pioneer Vice-President of the ambassadorial department of Ngee Ann Polytechnic School of Business and Accountancy.
Responsible for planning of current and future developments.
Conducted presentation pitches in school conferences and events.
BA Communications – Founding Executive Committee Member    2006.
Overall in-charge of the development and strategy building.
Successfully built it to achieve become the largest interest group in Ngee Ann Polytechnic within two years of its inception.
Interests: Badminton, Basketball, FX/Equity Trading/Investment.
Bachelor Degree in Arts and Social Science, Major Economics.Passed CFA LEVEL 2 exam, CFA LEVEL 3 candidate for June 2017 exam.
Shanghai Jewellerywater Asset Management Co.,Ltd  – China Sep 2015-Jul 2016.
A private equity company, operating in the form of FOF with AUM of 5 billion Yuan.
Managed the legal and operational structure of FOF to actively contribute to the pipeline of fund set-ups.
Coordinated with fund manager, investors, prime brokers etc.
Prepared regular updates for internal reporting and investors.
Analyzed equity project feasibility from the perspective of the overall industry, company growth, cash flows and cost and benefits.
Performed customer due diligence and comprehensive services mainly to Korean companies, including loans, deposits, syndicated loans.
Coordinated with headquarter, product, distribution and marketing departments.
Reviewed submitted information of loan draw-down and rollover.
Prepared reports to the domestic regulatory agencies on a regular basis.
Chinese Securities / funds / futures / banking qualification certificates.
Software: Python, Wind, Bloomberg, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.Nanyang Business Schoool, Nanyang Technological University                                  Aug 2010 – Jun 2013.
Strathclyde Business School, University of Strathclyde                Aug 2012 – Jan 2013  Exchange programme.
Performed external financial audits of listed companies in real estate and hospitality industries, as well as nonlisted companies in F&B, education and advertising industries.
Led engagement teams of up to 5 people during fieldwork and provided guidance to junior team members.
Performed analytical review on key financial indicators such as revenue, gross profit margin, debtors’ turnover and payroll expenses.
Assessed the reasonableness of valuation parameters of local properties and the discounted cashflow computations prepared by property valuers.
Assessed the reasonableness of budget of development properties and the appropriateness of revenue recognition.
Developed and maintained effective and professional working relationships with client.
Worked closely with client to understand processes and controls in place and document findings in the form of flowcharts.
Identified potential control lapses and tested the operating effectiveness of clients’ controls.
Able to perform under pressure and produce deliverables under tight deadlines.
Engagement team was awarded “Service Champions” based on client’s feedback on quality of the service delivery.
Performed external financial audits of SMEs in diversified industries, and listed companies in the F&B industry, fabric manufacturing industry and metal fabrication industry, both individually and as a team leader.
Worked on client engagement, including planning, leading, performing, and drafting of financial statements.
Highlighted identified audit issues with recommended actions to seniors and managers.
Identified and evaluated effectiveness of client’s controls. Provide recommendations for any deficiencies identified.
Developed and maintained effective and professional working relationships with client.
Performed due diligence on offer document and ensured consistency with audit findings.
Worked closely with sponsors and lawyers to address queries on financial information provided by client.
Prepared accountant report with 3 years of financial information as well as interim financial statements.
Helped to prepare creditors’ meeting as well as investigation into certain aspects of companies in liquidation.
Organized and facilitated outdoor adventure camps for primary and secondary school students with the aim of instilling leadership skills and building character.
Language:  Fluent in English and Mandarin (Written and spoken).
Hobbies: Playing badminton, health & fitness and weightlifting.Proficient in Microsoft Powerpoint, Excel, VBA, Financial Modeling, Bloomberg, Capital IQ, Eurekahedge.
Leaders Investment Banking Workshop, DBS Equity Trading Seminar, CitiConnect Mentorship, SAMC.
International Case Competition: ESADE Innovation Quest 2014 – BBVA España: 2nd place.
Fluent in English and Mandarin (written and spoken); Conversational Proficiency in Spanish and French.
Others: NUS Student Managed Fund, NUS Soccer, Kent Ridge Hall Business Committee Chairperson.
National University of Singapore (NUS) (Honours with Merit).
Bachelor of Business Administration (Finance and Marketing Major).
Related courses: Equity Research, Security Analysis, Wealth Management Marketing, Financial Markets.
Escuela Superior de Administration y Direccion de Empresas (ESADE).
Studied in the prestigious ESADE Business School in Spain for NUS Student Exchange Program.
Related courses: Applied Portfolio Management, Derivatives, Financial Statement Analysis.
 GCE ‘A’ level with 3 distinctions in Mathematics, Economics and Project Work.
 GCE ‘A’ level with 3 distinctions in Mathematics, Economics and Project Work.
Responsible for qualitative and quantitative analysis of hedge funds and writing of investment reports.
Covered Asia and Global Equity Long Short Hedge Funds mainly from Japan, Australia, Taiwan and US.
Assisted in fund screening and due diligence for hedge funds under coverage.
Utilized Eurekahedge and Packhedge to conduct hedge fund comparable peer analysis.
Performed in-depth investment analysis for an Asia Multi-Manager Equity Hedge Fund.
Conducted a closing presentation to Senior Management Team and a Lunch & Learn presentation session.
Improved communication skills via direct interactions with hedge fund managers and industry experts.
Assisted in analyzing Discounted Cash Flow Models and Financials for non-performing investments.
Oversaw investment accounting and management reporting for energy, commodities and TMT companies.
Prepared bi-weekly portfolio performance report for Derivatives(Equity options, FX swaps, TRS, CCS).
Worked with Investment Groups, Value Management and Risk Teams for annual impairment exercise.
Performed credit rating reviews and strict management claims exercise on customers with problem credits.
Assisted in preparing of financial analysis and modelling for Project Finance transactions.
Projected cash flows for Indonesian company PT Energi Sengkang and Energy Equity Epic Sengkang.
Conducted due diligence for Special Purpose Vehicle company Gulf TS1, 2, 3, 4 Company Limited.
Audited a DCF valuation model prepared by Europe team on a Chinese chemical company.
Assisted in financial modelling, due diligence process and preparing of pitching documents.
In-depth company research on Tata Group on potential mergers and acquisitions in Eastern Europe.
Designed slides and conducted comparables analysis for sectors in TMT and Energy across SEA.
Citibank Singapore Limited eBusiness Investments Group Intern.
Managed Regional Project to revamp Citibank’s Online platform to enhance customer interface  Overhauled the Investment module (BRK, MF, PA, TD) and performed actual trade testing.
Audited a DCF valuation model prepared by Europe team on a Chinese chemical company.
Assisted in financial modelling, due diligence process and preparing of pitching documents.
In-depth company research on Tata Group on potential mergers and acquisitions in Eastern Europe.
Designed slides and conducted comparables analysis for sectors in TMT and Energy across SEA.
Citibank Singapore Limited eBusiness Investments Group Intern.
Managed Regional Project to revamp Citibank’s Online platform to enhance customer interface  Overhauled the Investment module (BRK, MF, PA, TD) and performed actual trade testing.
Highest student appointment for the purpose of serving 500 residents of Kent Ridge Hall.
In charge of External Events Committee, International Relations Committee and Social Relations Unit.
Co-authored a 10-page SELL call report on Sheng Siong Group using extensive bottom-up analysis.
Awarded best presentation team for Singapore round by panel of CFA judges.
Co-authored a 10-page SELL call report on Sheng Siong Group using extensive bottom-up analysis.
Awarded best presentation team for Singapore round by panel of CFA judges.Abilities                  :Branch Budget Calculations ,Salary data capture, branch  costs and expense controls , employment job documentation , document processing internal stock transfers, inter branch transfers processing , day end processing , storeline accessing  , price updates , internal control systems ,daily reports done like low stock , high stock , negative margin reports  , costing for the month versus budget in terms of sales and profit.
ALL EDUCATIONAL DOCUMENTS ARE ACCREDITED BY THE UAE EMBASSSY IN PRETORIA SOUTH AFRICA.
I am a committed, dynamic and highly perspective individual capable of assessing conditions and determining appropriate measures. I am experienced in the execution of tasks and managerial duties thus can perform exceptionally well under minimum supervision and can priorities and clearly communicate ideas.
Being a passion driven individual, self -motivation and result-orientation make me go an extra mile to deliver the best product and service. I am also a capable multi-tasker who can readily adapt to fast-paced environments and respond positively to demanding situations.
Branch  Administration  and Management Accounting ( retail manager).
Daily reports for the General Manager - low stock, high stock, negative margin, top selling lines, worst selling lines. Most profitable products.
Month end Reconciliations, sending document to Head office,.
Budgeting and controlling all expenses and cost as per month to make profits.
Business Retail Manager system usage  , Storeline and SDBx2  well versed on them.
Branch documentation , salaries , stock , expenses , sale analysis ,.
Stock management, stock taking, adhoc stock counting, shrinkage and wastage controlling measures.
Salary calculations, overtime regulation linking with the biometric system.
Post Graduate Trainee – Retail Management under TM Pick n Pay.
Subjects passed    : English, Mathematics, , Geography, Commerce, History Biology Metal work  Science, Ndebele,.
Position    : Branch Administration and Management Accounting – Hypermarket.
Branch documentation done – reconciliation, low stock and high stock reports, shrinkage controls , wastage ways on tackling it .
Branch expense controls, branch costs ,  profit making being the vision ,.
Sales analysis as per customer request, making sure merchandising of stock is done , proper receiving procedures are done , proper quantities received at the correct costs ,.
Attending to special requests from clients, market research against competitors,.
Branch management with an analysis of stocks/products and profit making highly involved.
Position    : ACCOUNTING INTERNSHIP AND STORES ASSISTANT - 1 YEAR.
Duties Data Capture, Billing, Meter Reading, filing, asset register weekly check up. Procurement of goods at the stores area, stock taking done, received goods note followed as per system, payment department (rtgs or cash payment).
ZIMBABWE ELECTRICTY TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION COMPANY.An experience accountant (previously work as auditor) who seeking to build a long-term relationship in established and reputable firm with wide exposure and opportunities for career growth.
Perform analytical review of financial data, identify risk area.
Preparation of design and implementation (D&I) and highlight weaknesses and recommendation for internal controls system.
Preparation of audit programs, perform audit planning and testing.
Delegates work diligently to assistant and take ownership of the assignment.
Oversee the accounts for regional offices and ensure the adherence to the financial guideline.
Oversee and consolidate Asia Pacific monthly management report, budget and forecast from over 20 subsidiaries from different countries, such as Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia, Australia, New Zealand, India, Indonesia, Philippines, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Prepare monthly reporting to Headquarter and financial analysis.
Travel oversea and perform internal audit by reviewing the financial controls, operational and compliance controls, risk management policies and systems as well as makes improvement recommendation.
Quarterly review internal audit findings improvement progress.
Identify and drive continuous process improvement and develop effective accounting and internal control procedures.
Support in other project (such as new accounting system implementation).
Performing the financial statements audit of key clients which industries covered shipping, trading and investment holdings (on Group and Company level);.
Supervising and performing the audit of the design, implementation and the operating effectiveness of the internal systems and controls of key clients;.
Assisting providing highlight and recommendation on significant controls deficiency identify affecting the financial reporting processes;.
Aiding clients in interpretation of approved accounting standards and applicable statutory requirements and in the preparation of the audited financial reports in accordance with Singapore Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards requirements.
Plan and manage resources to enable audit performed in a timely and cost effective manner.
Continuous tracking and monitoring progress of trainees and subordinate;.
Where appropriate, coaches others and shares knowledge and effectively delegates tasks.
Consistently and properly documents tasks with well organised files, working papers and memo.
Demonstrates strong organisation skills (schedule own time and completes several tasks with the competing deadlines).
Demonstrates understanding of the task requirement and objective.
Self motivated and work well under pressure to meet deadlines;.
IT Skills   ● Microsoft Office Applications, Audit soft, JDE and Dynamix AXIS.
Communication  ● Communication and written skills in Chinese, English and Malay.
: Malaysian, Singapore Permanent Resident (from 2007 onwards).Corporate lawyer working with Deutsche Bank with Masters in Law and Certificate in Business Administration from Northwestern University and Kellogg School of Management, USA. Total work experience of more than eight years.
Drafting and analysis of complex corporate and financial international contracts; transaction structuring and negotiations; excellent interpersonal and communication skills, analytical and managerial abilities; exposure to variety of commercial transactions.
Counsel, Asia Pacific (ex-Japan) Location: Singapore                                      June 2011 – Till date Associate.
I support Deutsche Bank’s asset management and wealth management business divisions for the Asia-pacific region (primarily Singapore and Hong Kong), comprising of investment management business for both private and institutional clients. My work includes:.
Supporting the retail and institutional business lines of the asset management unit, e.g. negotiating investment management, advisory and delegation agreements, subscription agreements for investment-linked insurance products, request for proposals;.
Maintenance and distribution of in-house retail and non-retail funds in Singapore and Hong Kong and providing regulatory advice on issues arising from day-to-day operations;.
Drafting and negotiating various distribution agreements, terms and conditions for opening various broker accounts, confidentiality agreements, intra banks agreements, service level agreements and derivatives trading agreements such as ISDA and master confirmation agreements;.
Working with external counsels on the preparation and review of various fund documents and filing requirements in Singapore and Hong Kong;.
Providing legal and regulatory advice for new product offerings.
Providing legal advice and support to the bank’s wealth management unit, e.g. providing legal and regulatory advice for new product offerings; dealing with issues arising from day-to-day operation of customers’ accounts (account opening documentation, tax compliance, information disclosure, operational requirements);.
Drafting and negotiating subscription agreements with third party fund providers and electronic trading platform agreements;.
Reviewing, drafting, advising and negotiating client account opening documentation and corporate resolutions;.
Working with Compliance and Risk functions to deal with operational incidents;.
Assisted on the sale of Deutsche Asset Management Company in India to a joint venture operated by Prudential Inc and Wadhwan Group and a few other M &A transactions; Closely involved in the negotiation of transaction documents and agreements;.
Prepared legal knowledge handbook on various products and their legal documentation aspects;.
Involved in various internal projects including implementation of common reporting standards, software/outsourcing to be implemented by the bank, digital initiatives, projects related to managing bank’s legal risk;.
Closely involved in Deutsche Bank’s legal education and development of lawyers initiative which looks after the development of in-house lawyers.
Foreign Direct Investment: Drafted applications for FIPB approval on behalf of a US based Fortune 500 company dealing in multi asset investment brokerage;.
Transactional work: Negotiated and drafted a joint venture agreement between an Indian chemical company and a Korean company; a share transfer transaction for a leading Indian clothing brand;.
General corporate: Drafted and negotiated term sheets and memorandums of understandings and agreements such as service level, lease deeds, trademark license, technology license and technical assistance, research and development, consultancy, share purchase/transfer and escrow; Drafted opinions and memorandums on issues pertaining to Companies Act, Foreign Direct Investment Policy, FEMA Regulations, SEBI Act, RBI master circulars and notifications; conducted legal due diligences on various companies.
Banking: Represented a US based fortune 500 global corporation in drafting the terms and conditions of a US $5 million bank guarantee and negotiated its terms and conditions with a major US bank and an Indian nationalized bank;.
Corporate: Advised a world’s leading freight forwarding company, concerning its general corporate, employment and contractual issues and in the review of its freight terms and conditions, for its services in Asia-Pacific region; Advised a premier nutrition company in the review of its product labels from the standpoint of Indian labeling laws; Represented an Italian manufacturer in resolution of its customs related issues with the Indian customs authorities, Advised various clients on several issues pertaining to Companies Act, FEMA and RBI Act; Drafted and vetted agreements such as joint venture/shareholder’s, share purchase/transfer agreements, strategic alliance, escrow; conducted legal due-diligences on various companies;.
Defence: Advised one of the leading US law firms on issues pertaining to implications of Official Secrets Act of India;.
Dispute Resolution: Drafted petitions, suits and applications for a multinational construction company before the High Court of Delhi, for realization of its insurance claims of over US $2 million from an Indian insurance company;.
Intellectual Property: Assisted a premier nutrition company in connection with full range of portfolio protection matters, including registration of trademarks, filing and prosecution of oppositions applications, rectification and renewal of trademark registration certificates;.
Labour and Employment: Assisted an American bank in establishing subsidiary operations in India and in the review of its “Employee Handbook” for its India subsidiary, from the standpoint of Indian labour laws/statespecific local laws; Assisted a leading US semi-conductor manufacturer, on employee-employer relationship, including drafting of employment contracts and offer letters and advised it on state local laws, affecting such relationships;.
Tax: Advised a US based infrastructure company concerning both direct and indirect tax issues, in connection with setting up of joint ventures in India and advised it on benefits and exemptions available to SEZ units established under the SEZ Act; Drafted various petitions, suits and applications for a leading US defense manufacturer in proceedings for refund of US $ 13 million tax, before the High Court of Karnataka.
India Business Law Journal: Articles authored and co-authored: “Enforcing Arbitration Awards in India” (2008); and “IP assets may be more valuable than real one ” (2008); Doing Business in India Handbook: Authored Chapter: “Employment Issues in India” (2007).
Admitted to practice by the Bar Council of Delhi vide Enrollment Number: D-153/2008.
Masters of Laws, (LL.M) - School of Law, Northwestern University, Chicago,.
Courses completed: Business Associations, Venture Capital, Project Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions, Commercial Law: Secured Transactions, Entrepreneurship Law, Contract Drafting, and Practical Issues in Business Law.
Certificate in Business Administration - Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, Chicago, USA.
Courses completed: Accounting, Statistical Methods of Management Decisions, Mathematical Methods for Management Decisions, Business Strategies, Finance, Marketing Management and Operations Management.
Bachelor’s of Laws, B.A.LL.B (Hons.) - Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha.Mobile: +65 93897665 | https://sg.linkedin.com/in/santosh-suresh-98153440  | Email: santu22@gmail.com.
Performance-driven Banking and Operations professional with 13 years of experience in Reference data operations and core skills in Anti-money laundering and Know your client (AML/KYC) processes  Effective leader for driving efficiencies and process scalability.
Enthusiastic and Self driven individual with a passion to implement creative solutions and to drive changes within the organization.
Skills: Anti Money Laundering, Project Management, Process Improvement, Quality assurance, Business planning, Vendor management.
Reports to VP and is directly responsible for planning, reporting, vendor relationship, strategies and initiatives for Client Onboarding team. Also, have significant exposure and working knowledge in other areas of the bank such as Static data reference operations, Periodic Review operations and Quality assurance team.
Responsible for managing work flow for Asia AML and KYC on-boarding team. Client On-boarding team reviews the documentation of new clients as per compliance and regulatory requirements.
Providing oversight of  the quality and productivity of work performed by the team, continually pursuing opportunities to proactively improve efficiency and effectiveness.
Responsible for diagnosis of business problems, factoring in a seasoned understanding of the KYC/AML processes and systems in the department.
Plan, analyze and implement initiatives/strategies for the business area ensuring that relevant objectives are achieved.
Responsible in formulation & implementation of various initiatives and on-going lead strategies for existing business units and products.
Partnering with technology teams to implement new systems and processes within the KYC/AML team to streamline process and thereby increase efficiencies within the process.
Work with Senior management team to create annual business plans for the team locally.
Provide development opportunities and ensure that team members are adequately groomed to handle line management responsibilities, to establish effective succession/lateral movement planning.
Champion for Operations Recruitment committee, Risk Management committee and Business Continuity Program committee for Asia operations.
Partnering with Sales/Client relationship management team to develop innovative and faster ways to onboard clients onto the firms platfoms.
Actively involved in client meetings along with client relations team to better understand their needs, resolve issues.
Responsible for management and delivery of the vendor team supporting the onboarding team locally.
Partnered with Business Architecture team to develop and implement a work flow tool for the team which helped mitigate the manual intervention to report the progress of onboarding on a weekly basis to sales management team. Result – Mitigated the need of manual reporting by 100%.
Streamlined the onboarding requirements by consolidating the AML requirements across client types to reduce duplication and consistency in onboarding of clients. Result – Improved Onboarding Quality Rate year on year by 85% starting FY’2015.
Responsible for team planning, client’s requirement analysis, activity mapping and analysis, solution search and implementation. Result: Increased Customer satisfaction by 100%, and improved employee morale and retention by 75%.
Implemented procedures on internal controls eliminating the need for steps not required in the process.  Result-. Productivity increased by 100%.
Provide leadership in quality reviews, managers meeting and establish guidelines resulting in better inter-departmental communication.  Monitor and ensure that all staff complies with Monetary Authority of Singapore, U.S. Federal Reserve and other regulatory agencies Result: Improved overall employees’ productivity by 95%.
Played a leadership role in coordinating various activities, and conduct meetings on ACE program (Achieving Customer Excellence).
Responsible for managing a 18 member Deloitte vendor team in London as a part of the Periodic Review program implementation for the bank as a part of the Bank Holding Regulations for FY 2009 - 10.
Liaised with various federation teams such as Compliance, Legal and Credit to design and implement a process for the annual refresh program for existing clients in the firm.
Instrumental in developing policies/procedures to adhere to regulations laid out by Federal Reserve and to be compliant for refreshing Know Your Client processes.
Designed and collaborated a strategic path for migration of the refresh program to Bengaluru in FY2010.
Led the migration and knowledge transfer of the entire periodic review program from London to Bengaluru. Achieved a 100% quality rate post migration of processes between regions.
Instrumental in setting up a Periodic Review team in Bengaluru. Responsible for 12 member team which achieved consistently 85% quality scores for a successful 3 years of the program.
Responsible for 18 individuals reporting directly to me – 2 were promoted to the ranks of Team Leader and 1 was promoted to the rank of a Subject Matter Expertise under my supervision.
Part of the Central Accounts Group team responsible for Static data maintenance and account opening for Institutional clients of the firm.
Liaise with internal teams to assess and obtain information to open client accounts.
Responsible for training new joiners and handhold during the integration to the firm.
Engage with regional teams to support the various businesses to ensure value add to the account opening/static data maintenance processes.
Migrated the 2nd phase of account opening functions from London to Bengaluru.
Responsible for managing a strong team of 35 individuals to support the pilot batch of Operations team to support the order volumes locally.
Responsible in formulating and implementing overall strategic and tactical goals for the operations area.
Achieved Tell Dell people score of +80%; consistently displayed good acceptance from team members.
Initiated the Business Process Improvement (BPI) project to improve the accuracy % across Order Processing teams thereby increasing the quality of the orders placed.
Cross-trained the team in processes like US-SMB OP, US-ESLH OP, CA Fraud & Prevention and Online Credit Card Order processing.
Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration – Pune University.Regularly evaluates start-ups for early stage funding and raising analysis reports to the investment committee and investors.
Develops and continuously reviews a model used for analyzing potential deals at different stages of VC funding, improving efficiency of investment process and overall quality of deal-flow.
Develops PPM materials for a US$3M Alternative Investment Fund and on-going slide decks for presentation to PE firms and other institutional investors.
Spearheads a business consulting project for an expansion into the F&B business segment.
Conducts market research and identifies international franchise owners to engage on the opportunity of obtaining the master franchisee license for the Indian market.
Successfully made several brand recommendations, leading it to negotiation phases while concurrently designing financial models and expansion plans to validate its commercial viability.
Developed valuation models (DCF, P/E, EV/EBITDA etc.) and conducted due diligence for several PE investment opportunities, including a €100M European company, using information to evaluate potential synergies to the Group’s F&B portfolio.
Successfully led a feasibility study for a portfolio firm to open new outlets in a new market.
Researched and evaluated challenges relating to existing bankable infrastructure projects.
Presented and raised recommendations to fill infrastructure financing gaps for the Ministry’s discussion at the G20 conference.
Prepared a binomial pricing model to advise a S$800M company on its ESOS issuance.
Critically analyzed and prepared a publication on corporate treasury trends which was successfully disseminated to more than 100 participating corporations listed in Asia.
National University of Singapore                                                                            Aug 11 – May 15 Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours), Specialization in Finance.
Awards: NUS Business School Study Award 2012; NUS Business Club Colours Award 2013.
Tilburg University – Tilburg, The Netherlands                                        Jan 13 – Jun 13.
International Exchange Program; NUS Awards for Study Abroad Exchange Scholarship.
IT Skills: MS Office, Excel VBA/Macros & IBM SPSS Statistics.
Certifications: 2017 CFA Level II Candidate; Bloomberg Terminal Certifications; Bloomberg Aptitude Test (95th PCTL).♦ University of Melbourne, Feb 2011 – Aug 2014: Bachelor of Commerce, Accounting & Finance.
♦ Temasek Junior College, Feb 2009 – Nov 2010: Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level.
♦ Anglican High School, Jan 2005  – Nov 2008: Singapore-Cambridge GCE O-Level.
Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) / Financial Management Association of Australia (FMAA) Case Competition.
♦ Finished in the top 10 teams of 168 participants from University of Melbourne.
♦ Devised a feasible business strategy and conducted projection of financial cash flows.
♦ Pitched to a panel of judges from Bain & Company, A.T. Kearney and Macquarie Group in the final round.
♦ 2nd prize winner of Case Study competition hosted by Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales with  panel judges from PwC, Deloitte and Ernst & Young.
♦ Responsible for private equity secondary funds and global mandates with an aggregate AUM of over USD 5 billion.
♦ Developed investment commentaries, product update presentation decks and annual advisory board material.
♦ Performed research and analysis on private equity secondary programs and delivered education presentations to the  department.
♦ Prepared material centered on investment rationale, portfolio performance and valuation movement used in quarterly  briefing meetings with senior investment professionals.
♦ Addressed client queries and provided quantitative and qualitative reporting to investors.
♦ Managed and co-led the implementation of operational process improvements.
♦ Coordinated with global process owners and across internal business units to ensure that operational initiatives met regulatory requirements.
♦ Designed a quality control procedure for the preparation of material which will be used in the company’s advisory board meeting and annual general meeting in 2018.
Ernst & Young Singapore Audit Associate 2 (General Assurance), Jan 2015 to Dec 2015.
♦ Audited clients from a variety of industries which include Marine Container Leasing, Investment Management,  Industrial Manufacturing, Oil & Gas Services & Equipment, Property Management.
♦ Performed audit testing on accounts such as equity, lease commitments and contingencies, finance income,  finance expenses and other receivables during the audit fieldwork.
♦ Conducted testing of internal controls to ensure compliance and effectiveness.
♦ Performed substantive testing of account balances to determine reasonableness.
♦ Analyzed and evaluated audit findings and flux in account balances.
GoFresh Singapore Financial Analyst Intern, Jul 2014 to Sep 2014.
♦ Managed a breadth of assignments which included product analysis, revenue management and cost assessment.
♦ Assisted in evaluating projects and prepared financial reports to aid business decision making.
♦ Prepared and developed material used for company valuation and investor sales pitch.
♦ Directly involved in sales pitch to investor, during which transaction merits were presented ♦ Participated in the discussion of key issues pertinent to restructuring the company’s funding base QBE Insurance Bangkok.
♦ Selected by merit to represent University of Melbourne in the Global Management Consulting Project.
2Pocket Fairtrade Melbourne Business Development Intern, Nov 2013 to Dec 2013.
♦ Developed strategic marketing and communications plans to existing and new customers.
♦ Investigated opportunities for current expansion of social enterprise projects proposed by 2Pocket – includes  strategy and legal requirements in the use of community finance and social investment in relation to the social  objectives of these business units.
Pricewaterhouse Coopers Singapore Assurance Intern, Dec 2011 to Feb 2012.
♦ Audited clients from various industries including Oil & Gas, Luxury Goods and Hospitality.
♦ Exercised judgment in documenting audit results, analyzing results and testing conclusions.
♦ Liaised with clients to retrieve accounting records and transactions.
♦ Talent Acquisition Committee of AIESEC Melbourne o  Performed duties such as on-campus recruitment, inductions and selection.
Facilitated training sessions and organized both social and professional events for members and  partners of the organization.
♦ Publicity Director of Temasek Junior College House Committee o  Co-headed a team of 10 people in charge of generating publicity and awareness of college events and  functions, and their causes and objectives.
Directed team members in the implementation of strategies and execution for the college orientation  program for freshman and transfer students.
♦ Temasek Junior College Student Leadership Congress 2010, Student Facilitator  o  Instructed and facilitated students aged 10-18 years old in both classroom and non-classroom settings o  Conducted training and workshops to empower and equip students with core leadership competencies ♦ Girls’ Brigade 65th Coy, Publicity Director.Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Jönköping International Business School, Jönköping, Sweden.
(Accountancy/ Business Management), January 2014 - June 2014.
Awarded to sportsmen who have consistently represented the university in various competitions (SUnig & IVP).
National Colours Award (Individual), SINGAPORE SCHOOLS SPORTS COUNCIL.
Awarded to recognise those with excellent achievements in sports (Floorball).
Represented Singapore in the Asia Pacific Floorball Championships in Perth, Australia (U19 Category).
Awarded to CCA leaders who have made exemplary contributions to the college.
enhanced elective programme (entrepreneurial marketing), Temasek Junior College.
Skills: Microsoft Office - Excel, Word & Powerpoint, IDEA CaseWare.
Language Proficiency: English (Native), Mandarin (Native).
Interests: Competitive Floorball, Digital Photography, Macro Trading, Concertgoing (Indie, Alternative & Pop) & Backpacking The World.Lead APAC Regional Compliance Manager with 10+ years of banking domain experience.
Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist, with focus on Transaction Monitoring and expertise in other compliance areas like KYC, Sanctions, Compliance systems advisory and IT vendor engagement.
Worked extensively with Fortune 100 Financial institutions like Citibank, Barclays, HSBC, Bank of Ireland, and Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi-UFJ Ltd.
Techno-Functional expert having led technology and business teams in several AML initiatives and roll-outs.
Successful multi-tasker, commended repeatedly for delivering compliance committed solutions under tight timelines across multiple geographies in APAC and US.
Highly process-oriented professional, having contributed to increased quality of processes and systems and enterprise profitability, while consistently delivering results exceeding expectations.
An avid learner with strong grasping power and an acclaimed team player.
Equity order processing/ Shares, Claims and Corporate actions.
Received “Service Excellence” award 4 times from Citibank.
Recipient of multiple annual “i-Appreciate” awards from Oracle in recognition of outstanding contribution to project success. Awarded to top 3 percentile performers in the organization. First trainee to receive this organization-wide annual award.
Have received written appreciation on work from all managers as well as from all clients.
Senior Consultant, Oracle Financial Services Software PTE Limited.
Clients: Barclays, Bank of Ireland, Mauritius Civil Servants Mutual Aid Association Ltd.
Associate Consultant, Oracle Financial Services Software Limited.
Worked as a Deputy Manager, Asian Compliance Office, for close to 2.5 years and contributed to the Financial Crime Risk Team (FCRT) in managing financial crime risk from all compliance systems perspective, additionally also responsible for regional Transaction Monitoring oversight from an SME perspective.
Provide advice and support from TMS as well as compliance systems SME perspective, for the ACO (Asian Compliance Office) advisory role during on-site visitation of the business unit as required.
Analyzing gaps in transaction monitoring and providing resolution.
Implementing scenarios and transaction monitoring thresholds in conjunction local compliance, Global compliance and business operations teams.
Leading business operations in providing compliance solution for new product/channel/service launches.
Drive the delivery of regular financial crime reviews of the Bank’s operations in APAC.
Collaborate with branches and Head office in revising and enhancing their financial crime policies, processes, procedures and systems.
Collect and disseminate relevant best practice information and initiatives.
Identify training needs with respect to financial crime risk and design, develop and deliver the same to Bank’s staff in APAC region.
Identify, assess and monitor financial crime risks faced by Bank’s operations in Asia Pacific and advise senior management and compliance officers regarding those risks.
Oversee and review appropriateness of locally/regionally initiated AML related new system implementation and enhancement projects and provide guidance as necessary.
Conduct market study, engage third party vendors for betterment of existing systems/controls and present improvement opportunities to the management. Plan, lead and oversee project implementation as per the process with required stakeholders in loop.
Worked in the regulatory and compliance domain for Citibank for 3.5 years across the different segments of AML domain as a functional expert.
Worked as a senior consultant for all APAC transaction monitoring projects in corporate and private banking space.
Analyzing gaps in transaction monitoring and providing its resolution.
Supporting business in providing compliance solution for new product launches.
Implementing scenarios and transaction monitoring thresholds based on regulatory standards.
Project planning, tracking, control and management reporting for 15+ (peak count) projects in different phases, managing all in parallel.
Co-ordination with multiple teams like banking systems, global teams, other APAC regional teams, compliance, operations.
Have been responsible for project requirement gathering, understanding entire flow of transactions spreading across multiple systems like core banking systems, data warehouse, Mantas, reporting systems.
A control mechanism implemented by Citibank to ensure flawless transaction monitoring across various business systems.
Essayed the role of a Senior Business Analyst and Project Coordinator for all APAC work streams involving 20+ countries’ core banking teams, compliance teams, operations, development teams, and business partners.
Driving delivery from 3rd party vendor and internal bank teams while ensuring adherence to tight project plan timelines.
Received Service Excellence and annual i-Appreciate awards for the contribution.
E-CADD is a global KYC system built in-house by Citibank. It is used to conduct CDD, EDD, Periodic/Occasional client reviews, and ML risk categorization as per Bank’s Anti-Money Laundering Program.
Played the role of Business Analyst, Senior Consultant, facilitating business user requirement definition and ensuring adherence to compliance rules for system which was rolled out to over 40 countries and in 8 languages.
Leading design workshops and requirement gathering discussions with client and partner business teams.
Tasked with understanding functional requirements, document them and provide design solutions for multiple parallel running projects in payments domain.
Onsite project coordinator of the project at client site (Port Louis, Mauritius).
Managing project activities with client and offshore team including managing project timelines, resources, requirements gathering, solution designing and implementation.
Single-handedly designed and implemented Billing engine for calculating different kind of charges and refund.
Recipient of prestigious i-Appreciate annual award for my contribution in the project.
Compliance data sources : Factiva, Lloyd’s list, ORBIS, Alacra.
ACAMS training seminar – 7th Annual Enhanced AML and Financial Crime Tools and Techniques, Singapore.
International Knowledge Measurement (IKM) certified for Oracle 10g.
Multiple Projects in Anti-Money Laundering space  in the capacity of APAC regional Transaction Monitoring  and Compliance Systems SME.
Anti-Money Laundering, Corporate Banking, TMS, KYC, Sanctions.
Multiple Projects in Anti-Money Laundering space including New Product Launch, New Channel Launch, Enhanced Monitoring, Business reporting.
Anti-Money Laundering, Corporate Banking, Private Banking, Mantas TMS product , Case Management Tool Actimize.
Anti-Money Laundering, Retail Banking, Corporate Banking, Private Banking, Mantas TMS product.Bachelor of Business Administration (Accountancy) (Aug’09 to May’12).
Lead teams comprising of 3 to 5 members forsupporting audit engagements in the Real Estate, Consumer and Tourism Industries from planning to reporting phase.
Formulate audit plans and procedures to address key risk areas, including testing and documentation of the design and implementation of client’s internal controls.
Propose improvement points for as well as develop good practices in clients’ business processes.
L-derly Befrienders, NUS Students’ Community Service Club(Jul 10 to Jul 11).
Assisted a committee of five member with the planning of weekly household visits to elderly.
Initiated a collaboration with Public Utilities Board to install water saving thimbles for residents.
Project C.A.N. VIII, NUS Students’ Community Service Club(Mar 11 to Jul 11).
Facilitate the distribution of food donations from the public to needy households during beneficiary visits, involving a total of approximately 400 households.
Proficient in English, Mandarin and conversational Teochew/Hokkien.
Interests include sports such as soccer and baseball, as well as watching mystery films.TIAH Nam Sin Dexter | (+65) 9777-4777 | dexter.tiah@u.nus.edu / dexter.tiah@gmail.com.
SUMMARY: 4 years’ experience in providing research and strategy consulting to companies ranging from non-profit organizations to startups, and investing in funds with a pan-Asian mandate. Passionate about entrepreneurship and helping companies grow. NUS Undergraduate. CFA Level III Candidate.
UOB ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, a subsidiary of UOB Asset Management.
Monitored existing Private Equity (“PE”) fund portfolio by attending advisory board meetings and calls, limited partner events and quarterly fund update calls for Fund of PE Funds clients and UOB Group (for its proprietary PE fund investments).
Presented PE fund portfolio updates and proprietary PE fund update memos to UOB Investment Committee on a quarterly basis.
Performed research and investment due diligence on prospective Asian PE fund managers analyzing due diligence material provided in the data room, reviewing fund terms and legal documents and conducting reference checks.
Established relationships with >75 private equity and venture capital fund managers, tracking their fundraising progress and investment activities.
Managed secondary funds transaction process for UOB Group and 3rd party clients’ proprietary PE fund investments.
Researched on growth capital, mezzanine / special situations, venture capital fund investment opportunities in India and Southeast Asia.
Created portfolio monitoring process from scratch, for UOB proprietary PE fund investment portfolio analytics.
Performed research and investment due diligence for a Japanese market neutral hedge fund, which was eventually invested into UOBAIM’s monthly liquidity Fund of Hedge Funds (“FoHF”) in end November 2016; this hedge fund’s performance has been accretive to UOBAIM’s FoHF returns from December 2016 - May 2017.
Profiled Asian hedge fund managers with long-short, market neutral, relative value strategies via inperson manager meetings and calls.
Participated in monthly FoHF portfolio allocation discussions and portfolio updates.
Researched and prepared investment memos on co-investment opportunities in technology companies  Constructed financial models for secondary fund transactions.
Involved with UOB Asset Management’s digitization committee as a committee member, set up to launch a new direct sales business.
DE GLOBAL LIMITED, Shanghai-based management consulting firm.
Conducted primary and secondary market research on nutritional supplements and trading of freezedried food in China.
Represented DE Global as a quality control inspector, to determine if product dimensions comply with client’s specifications.
Translated Chinese research and data to English for DE Global’s clients.
Conducted research and benchmarking analysis across several countries, for a public sector project.
Refined data and created presentation slide decks for management consultants.
Passed the CFA Level I and Level II examinations. Currently CFA Level III Candidate.
Graduated with Bachelor of Business Administration, CAP 4.17 / 5, Specializing in Finance.
Completed NUS Overseas College (“NOC”) program, a full-time internship in a startup and part-time overseas exchange program in Shanghai (Fudan University’s School of Economics, one year).
Completed overseas exchange programs in the Netherlands (Maastricht University’s School of Business and Economics, half year).
CONJUNCT CONSULTING, organization providing pro-bono consulting to non-profits.
Critiqued consultants’ work as a panelist, prior to final presentation to non-profit clients.
Pitched paid consulting projects to organizations to generate fee income for the organization.
Led a team of 5 for a non-profit in a resource optimization project, with overall score of 4.75/5.
Contributed as part of a team of 5 for a non-profit in a financial sustainability project, with overall score of 4.95/5.
SHANGHAI HOUSE OF ENTREPRENEUR NUS, student association for NOC Shanghai students.
Served one term as the head of the student association, which comprised of 41 students.
Involved with planning committee for the inaugural Singapore Fiesta 2014 (a carnival supported by Singapore Consulate General that raised a total of 120,000 RMB for Yunnan Ludian Rebuilding Project) with overall responsibility of running 3 carnival booths  Oversaw the execution and implementation of 4 student events.
Authorized the issuance and distribution of mountaineering equipment, with store inventory value S$86,000.
Planned, coordinated and led a team of 19 people on a 14 day mountaineering expedition to Everest Base Camp in May 2012.
Organized a 2-day community rock climbing workshop for 50 underprivileged children from TOUCH Community in May 2012.
Semi-Finalist for Bain & Co Case Challenge 2015, organized by Singapore Management University.
Finalist for SOLVEit Case Competition 2012, a case competition organized by NUS Overseas College.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Bloomberg.
Completed MIT Fintech Certification Course: Future Commerce (Sep 2016 Intake).
Judge for Slush Singapore 2016 pitching competition (non-profit movement for entrepreneurs).
Hobbies: Rock climbing (SNCS Level 2), Trekking (Climbed and trekked >10 mountains).
Enjoys opining and reflecting on investing, human behavior & strategy (www.detinsights.com).Education                _______________________________________________.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University                                                                                               Aug 09 – May 13 Double Degree in Accountancy & Business (Banking and Finance)              GPA: Accounting 4.60 / 5.00; Business 4.53 / 5.00.
Assist two primary analysts with 21 stock coverage across CPO, Gaming, Telecom and Utilities sectors  in Singapore and Malaysia   Supported coverage initiation of Genting Group and the CPO sector. Picking up coverage in ASEAN Strategy.
Analyze companies from investors’ perspective and communicate investment calls via building models, maintaining key databases and publishing differentiating reports.
Develop credibility and knowledge on sectors through company management discussions, answering client queries and hosting daily sales meetings.
Provided support on marketing of equity offerings including IPOs, follow-ons and sell-downs in the Southeast Asian region.
Executed fourteen transactions including the US$622mm Robinsons Retail Holdings IPO (largest Philippines IPO ever), US$300mm placement for Malaysia Airports Holdings Bhd and US$272mm OUE Commercial REIT IPO.
Prepare pitch materials for client meetings, detailing the equity marketing processes, investor targeting, precedent transactions for pricing guidance and market updates.
Frequent interaction with the equity sales, research and syndicate teams on investor feedback, sector outlook and stock specific views.
Accomplished two live deals, namely the largest Philippines block trade in 2012 and a Thai secondary sell-down.
Participated fully in an IPO process from creating pitches, targeting cornerstones to attending roadshows and meeting clients.
Built models using various databases to help the team identify and execute potential deal opportunities more easily.
Acquired knowledge of the Deloitte Audit Approach so as to conduct on-site audit more efficiently and accurately.
Conducted test of details and substantive analytical assessment at four client engagements.
Updated and balanced general ledger accounts to validate financial transactions and identify accounting errors that should be corrected.
Extracted key data and supporting sources to enable investigation of chargebacks and mismatches in accounts.
Awarded 1st Runner-up in the CFA Institute Research Challenge.
Entered into the semi-finals for The Next Fund Manager Competition 2011.
Welfare Services Club, Regular Service Project for the Hearing Impaired (RSPHI)                                                                   Aug 09 – May 11   Learnt basic Sign Language.
Provided regular tuition to the hearing impaired on a weekly basis.
Organized and participated in events that seek to raise awareness of the deaf community.
Voluntary activities: APEC CEO Summit 2009, Youth Olympic Games 2010, dbWoman voluntary activities.
Hobbies and interests: Singing, café hopping and travelling.
Relevant IT skills: Bloomberg, Dealogic, Microsoft Office and Thomson One.I am a qualified CPA with CPA Australia. I have been working in the accounting profession since 2006, and have a variety of experience from Big4 accounting firms (KPMG), and commercial experience mainly in the real estate industry.  Past duties include overseeing a team of finance executives, monthly consolidation, reporting of monthly/quarterly financial results to management, preparation of analysis reports to Board of Directors, preparation of annual financial statements, and review of financial transactions and work processes to ensure proper compliance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and generally accepted good internal control practices.
I have experience with annual budgeting and change in ERP system, from SUN Systems and BIOS Systems to SAP. I am also fairly competent in Excel and am capable of using functions such pivot tables and V-lookup, and have actually achieved time savings by at least 20% by improving the existing excel templates used for consolidation, depreciation, provision for doubtful receivables, etc.
I believe that with CPA qualifications and working experience, I would be able to make a difference to the Company.
In charge of accounting and management reporting for residential and commercial leasing business unit.
overseeing a team of finance executives and finance supervisor.
monthly management reporting, including analysis of expected revenue vs actual revenue, review of expenses report for unusual expenses, and general review of monthly profit and loss for unusual trends.
review of monthly bank reconciliation, journal entries and accounting schedules.
ad hoc duties as assigned, for example, assisting FP&A team with annual budgeting, preparation of annual financial statements, etc.
Increased the efficiency of the month end closing process by reducing manual interventions for the excel-based journal upload templates.
Strengthened internal controls by reducing poor accounting practices.
Increased accuracy of financial results by eliminating erroneous accounting practices.
Involved in data migration exercise in system conversion from SUN System to SAP.
Generate monthly TB and management reports for various stakeholders, including coming up with the new templates for SAP.
Forecasting of results for tax estimation of Malaysian entities.
preparation of manual journal entries, GIRO payments and other daily tasks.
month end closing and consolidation, including overseas subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.
preparation of reporting packs for quarterly reporting to Temasek Holdings.
preparation and proof reading of board papers, minutes of meetings.
liaising with external and internal auditors, company secretary, accounts personnel of overseas subsidiaries and investee companies, and other external parties.
Increased the efficiency of the consolidation process by reducing manual interventions for the excel-based consolidation workbook.
Reduced errors and inefficiencies by eliminating erroneous or unnecessary processes/inputs in the accounting workflow.
Assisted in formulating company policies like the Code of Conduct by providing inputs, for example, on corporate “best practices” and proof-reading.
Lead and manage teams of various sizes including planning, budgeting, tracking of costs, timeline, staffing, etc in the course of the audit.
Supervise and review juniors’ work and coaching them on matters such as Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (FRS), Singapore Standards on Auditing (SSA), KPMG audit methodology (KAM), etc.
Conduct interviews with clients’ management on issues such as planning, timeline, audit findings, update of client’s business, etc.
Perform variance analysis to identify unusual fluctuations.
Appraise and test clients’ internal controls over financial reporting, including suggestions for improvement.
Review of clients’ tax computation, including assessment of adequacy for provisions for open years of assessment.
Review of group consolidation workings, such as review of consol journal entries, consol proofing, liaising with component or group auditors, etc.
Review and amendment of client-prepared financial reports for compliance with FRS, accuracy and adequacy of information disclosed, etc.
Where applicable, assess clients’ corporate governance for compliance with Singapore Exchange (SGX) guidelines.
Where necessary, conduct review of component auditors’ workpapers.
Conducted business trips overseas such as China, Vietnam, Indonesia.
Handling audit matters, such as liaising with auditor and their queries.
Handle book-keeping for clients, including preparation of bank reconciliation.
Computer Skills: Proficient in MS Office applications and SAP software.
Singapore Institute of Management, SIM (Part-time), July 2004 – Dec 2007.
Bachelor in Accountancy, Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, RMIT. (Accredited by CPA Australia).[98/99 Life Bangkok Boulevard, Ramintra 23, Anusawaree, Bangkaen, 10220, Bangkok].
Responsible for the determination of the interim and annual dividend levels of PTTEP to its shareholders, balancing the rewards of the shareholders as well as ensuring that there is ample investment potential for the group.
Actively manage the overall cost of capital of the entire group through liability management exercises and open market transactions targeted at minimizing the firm’s cost of debt.
Managed and created the framework for regular evaluation of counterparty’s creditworthiness to establish credit lines to maximize the firm’s risk and reward relationship with their counterparties.
Overseeing the Intercompany Loans between PTTEP and its subsidiaries, ensuring compliance with regulations and sufficient funding for PTTEP and its subsidiaries.
Responsible for multi-currency credit distribution to asset managers, insurance companies, pension funds, and bank treasuries focusing primarily on investment grade credit and asset backed securities.
Grew account base in Thailand from 5 active accounts to 30 accounts in the space of 2 months.
Built and fostered strong relationships with all regulated financial institutions that is involved in Fixed Income investments in Thailand.
Financial Product Sales – Rates & Rates Derivatives Specialist      Oct 2014 – April 2016.
Drive the adoption and sales of the Bloomberg Professional Service to banks, brokers, and corporations in the Singapore and Thai market.
Work the entire Sales process of prospecting new leads turning them into clients.
Actively managed over 450 billable accounts in the Singapore and Thai market, representing an annual revenue over USD 10 million.
Continuously drive product adoption through identifying gaps in clients’ work flow and positioning the Bloomberg product suite as an integrated value adding solution.
Provide consultation to clients over the use of the Bloomberg terminal in pricing, mark to market, and price discovery for Fixed Income and Rates Derivatives products.
Built statistical data analysis tools which led to increased data quality on the Bloomberg database for different asset classes including Foreign Exchange, Commodities, Fixed Income, and Forex Derivatives.
Expanded Bloomberg’s OTC pricing presence through executing over 20 contributions projects in the ASEAN region.
Acquired and fostered relationships with players in the Fixed Income and Foreign Exchange markets, resulting in increased pricing data for IRS and FX Options.
Successfully prepare and deliver sales presentation to foreign prospective clients.
Prepare comprehensive market research on the electronics industry in Thailand.
University of Surrey (Ranked 4th in the UK)                    Guildford, United Kingdom.
Master of Science in Accounting and Finance with Distinction             Sept 2013.
Relevant Coursework: Investment Analysis / IFRS / Corporate Finance /  Econometrics.
Relevant Coursework: Architectural Design / Architectural History / Construction Technology / Introductory Law.
Tsunami Volunteer Relief Worker & Translator Bangkok, Thailand.
Languages: Fluent in both Thai and English (IELTS 8.0), Conversant in Laotian.
Technical Skills: Eviews 7.0, Bloomberg Terminal, Microsoft Excel.Bachelor of Commerce (Finance and Financial Planning)     Sep 2003 - Aug 2005.
Melbourne Institution of Business and Technology, Australia.
PROFILE________________________________________________________________________.
-Had 8 years asset management profession in portfolio management and middle office operations. Covered China on-shore fixed income market and Asia Pacific including Japan equity & fixed income markets. Had additional 2 years solid foundation in mutual & hedge fund accounting.
Responsible for controlling daily portfolio operations, etc. portfolio position reconciliation, portfolio compliance,  trade settlement, monitoring portfolio cash in/outflows, follow-up corporate action, liaison with custodian.
Responsible for China onshore bond trading execution, quote bond yields with varies trading counterparties. Place trade orders and ensure trade execution in compliance with market regulations & internal rules.
Improved operational and investment risk procedure. Successfully created and implemented bond trading counterparty risk control procedure and investment order placing procedure.
Arranged and organized annual fund audit with external auditors. Answered audit queries from auditors.
Implemented new portfolio/client mandate setup project. Formed internal work group to regularly update project progress. Completed fund launch setup, built trade flow process and operational platform. Lead and followed up custody and brokerage account opening process.
Completed fund liquidation project. Responsible for budgeting fund liquidation cost; and custody & brokerage account termination. Ensured various service providers’ liquidation expenses were captured & finalized. Arranged payments for all liquidation expense reimbursements.
Responsible for company Business Continuity Plan (BCP) creation and implementation. Built company BCP manual and published BCP manual to all staff. Hosted office staff BCP drill briefing session. Leaded and coordinated company BCP drill testing.
Responsible for portfolio management system migration project. Performed new vs old system gap analysis. Built system test plan to test system workflow and functions. Created testing scenarios to test compliance rule coding.
Supported Asia fixed income team daily operation duties, e.g. trade settlement, fund performance calculation & liaison between custodians and outsourcing back office operation teams.
Improved outsourcing party (middle and back office functions) quality of service and book keeping record accuracy.
Completed fund performance analysis excel macro project. Built excel macro to monitor HK managed fund performance variation. Performed daily check to verify fund alpha.
Quickened fund valuation reconciliation process. Built excel tool to perform monthly NAV valuation reconciliation.
Worked on enhancing internal bond pricing process. Aimed at reducing unpriced and stale bond prices in Thinkfolio.
Completed project to coordinate brokers’ electronic trading platform due diligence with SFC regulation effective on 1 Jan 2014.
Asia Pacific Fundamental Equity Team- Fund Manager Assistant    Apr 2009 – Jun 2013.
Supported Asia Pac. incl. Japan equity investment team operating duties, trading activities & project management.
Achieved >99.5% accuracy rate for daily operation duties and provided 360 degree support for investment team.
Specialized in India & China A market (QFII) trading operations. Being key liaison to handle and resolve operation and compliance queries questioned by India & China joint venture investment advisors.
Being shadow portfolio manager to place time deposit & FXs, monitored cash exposure and placed trade orders.
Organized new fund launch project. Launched 4 retail and intuitional funds. Coordinated with internal teams to finalize fund operation structure and ensured internal, custodian and broker accounts set up were completed.
Established investment operation procedures. Reviewed & improved operation procedures. Implemented effective operating procedure controls.
Produced fund attribution and fund ranking reports. Assisted sales team to provide customized fund data for clients.
Negotiated outperformance note terms with brokers to enhance interest return on outperformance notes.
Resolved issues for cash posting, transaction, corporate actions and portfolio compliance. Implemented preventive measures to control operation risk. Ensured fund activities in compliance with local financial regulations.
Monitored portfolio management system & trading system issues. Discussed identified issues with Aladdin® development team to enhance system functions. Pre-empted system loopholes and improved system data integrity.
Trade Operation & Fund Valuation Team- Operation Officer     Sep 2007- Sept 2008.
Worked closely with portfolio managers; supported trade settlement across varies markets, including Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Europe & USA.
Performed security and derivative trade settlement, e.g. equity, bond, futures, listed & OTC options, warrant, SWAP.
Identified trade settlement issues and worked with brokers to provide solution at tight settlement deadline.
Handled cash management. Reviewed and reported daily cash margin to trading team. Covered margin call.
Responsible for fund valuation validation. Performed fund reconciliation against fund administrator record. Acted as key contact point to liaise with fund administrator.
Instructed and followed up equity, derivative and ISDA account opening.
Checked and approved OTC trade confirmations. Arranged OTC equity and bond trade settlement with brokers.
Instructed for equity IPO subscriptions and reviewed IPO subscription letter financial terms.
Produced daily Hong Kong pension fund and institution fund valuations. Reconciled breaks on cash and holding records with custodian bank record.
Assisted fund valuation team manager to review fund valuation reports.
Responsible for following up unmatched trades and failed trades. Reported trade status update to clients.
Ensured client portfolio dividend & interest entitlements are allotted corrected.
Assisted internal treasury team to matched incoming funding with client money receipt instructions.
Monitored corporate actions. Ensured client portfolio to reflect most updated and accurate positions.
Performed cash management. To execute FX repatriation transactions and rolled over time deposit according to client standing instructions.
Language(s): English (Fluent), Cantonese (Proficient), Mandarin (Fluent).
Business applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visual Basic.
Portfolio Management systems: Bloomberg AIM, Sophis, Aladdin, Thinkfolio, Derivation.
Financial applications: Bloomberg, WIND, Factset, Morningstar, Geneva.
-Planed and organized team building and charity activities for AXA IM Hong Kong.
-Planed and organized “Mid Autumn Festival Fun Night” event for 200 homeless, elderly, kids and single families.
-Coordinated with non-profit organization to organize Chinese dumpling distribution for the homeless in Shum Shui Po.A member of the Forensic practice specializing in forensic investigations, dispute advisory and regulatory and compliance.
Chen Rongcheng is currently with the KPMG Forensic practice and has been with KPMG for 7 years. Before joining KPMG Forensic, Rongcheng was with KPMG Audit and his audit experience includes the financial statement audit of REITS and Real Estate. He has also assisted in Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) of one of the largest REITs in Singapore.
Since joining KPMG Forensic, he managed various forensic investigations and forensic technology services engagements. These include anti money laundering, fraud investigations, anti-bribery and corruption, due diligence and shareholders’ disputes and litigation.
Rongcheng has proven track records in the area of investigations where he managed and led a team of 15 members to carry out several high profile cross-border investigations on fraud, misconduct and financial irregularities.
Rongcheng is able to effectively manage and navigate across complex nature and sensitivity of investigations as he leveraged on his experience dealing with companies under distressed situations which often require delicate handling of several stakeholders including company’s management and legal counsels.
His industry experience includes financial services, energy and natural resources, shipping, manufacturing, construction and property development.
Assisted a global bank in an investigation into allegations of irregular SIBOR and SOR rate setting activities which involved reviewing and analysing communications evidence and offshore/onshore irregular trading activities.
Assisted in the AML investigations of the Singapore branch of a global European bank. This included performing asset tracing, independently investigating escalations to determine STR filing and drafting STR reports.
Forensic investigation into financial affairs of major food services company with operations in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, China and Singapore, and is also part of the international group located in the UK, Europe and Middle East. The investigation involved examining a wide number of significant sales transactions and forged documentation relating to phantom orders and receipts.
Forensic investigation of a suspected fraud in one of the world’s largest mining companies headquartered in the UK and listed on the London and Johannesburg stock exchanges. We carried out corporate intelligence checks, examined business records and imaged then reviewed an employee's computer to identify a prior relationship with the suspected vendor. The investigation focused on allegations that employees were receiving kickbacks from vendors.
Forensic investigation into employees of a global healthcare and wellness company with operations in Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia and Singapore who were alleged to be receiving kickbacks from vendors. This involved reviewing and analysing communications evidence.
Forensic investigation into transactions carried out by one of the world’s largest oil and gas companies to ascertain whether assets were fraudulently transferred out of the company. This involved reviewing accounting documents, instant messages and email correspondences.
Forensic investigation into allegations of FCPA violations in the Vietnam, Philippines and Thailand operations of a USA multinational medical device, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer. The identified parties were alleged to have unfairly awarded jobs to certain health care professional and had purportedly benefitted personally from the collaboration. The investigation involved interviews, review of the Company’s financial records and documents which supported the claimed improprieties against the suspects.
Forensic investigation into the financial affairs of an Indonesian associate company of a global investment company. The investigation includes the review of accounting documents and electronic evidences. The investigation revealed embezzlement of company funds, forgery and manipulation of financial statements to conceal the fraud.
Forensic investigation into the activities of the United States and Brazil subsidiaries of a Singapore listed company. The investigation revealed several instances of collusion between the company’s management and agents to defraud the company. The report, resulting from the investigations, detailed significant bribe payments to employees of foreign-government owned entities and transfer of funds to BVI companies. As a result of the investigations, a report detailing the bribery payments was submitted to the United States Department of Justice (DOJ).
Team lead at a global financial institution's investment banking arm to conduct the review and remediation of customer due diligence files to ensure compliance with the Bank's CDD policies and procedures and regulatory requirements.
Secondment to Kuala Lumpur branch of a global banking and financial services institutions to assist in Level 2 review and remediation of transaction monitoring alerts.  Worked closely with different stakeholders including CEOs and COO to report on remediation progress and assisted clients with remediation effort on a daily basis. Provided transaction monitoring training to compliance officers of the Bank in Kuala Lumpur.
Managed a review of the sanctions screening procedures in KPMG Forensic.  The engagement involves obtaining a detailed understanding of the company and individuals background and reviewing and identifying adverse news.
Performed customer due diligence checks relating to corporate and individual customers, including politically exposed persons (“PEPS”).
Dispute advisory engagement assisting in the proceedings for alleged majority and minority shareholder oppression. It was alleged that funds were removed or diverted from the company and that the shareholdings of the plaintiff had been diluted by the issuance of shares without payment This involved forensic analysis of financial and accounting records to determine the flow of funds.Natalie Yeo Yi-Ling Cellular Number: +65-9178-2730 | Email Address: natalieyyl@gmail.com.
Assignment 1: Group Planning, CEO’s Office o Collaborated with cross functional stakeholders and management across the entire global franchise, to drive the end to end process of the 2015 Annual Report.
o The Annual Report won an award in the Best Annual Report category at the Singapore Corporate Awards, and was the first year it complied with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards.
Assignment 2: Regional Sales and Distribution, Consumer Banking Group o Drove implementation of a digital sales platform, “RM Mobility”, for consumer bank relationship managers.
(RM) in Indonesia—the 4th market where the platform was launched o Collaborated with cross border teams in Singapore and Indonesia.
Applied human-centered design principles and agile methodology in execution of the platform, aimed at enhancing employee efficiency and productivity, as well as improving customer experience.
Performed broad-based evaluation of Relationship Managers’ key performance metrics and award criteria, and proposed changes to streamline and align them across rewards and incentive programs.
Assignment 3: Consumer Banking & Wealth Management Credit, Risk Management Group o Drove the 1st year end to end implementation of the 3-year Digitalisation Initiative, which seeks to redefine the policies, processes and systems of Consumer and Wealth Management Credit.
o Involved multiple stakeholders such as the Technology & Operations Team, Country & Regional Risk Management Group Consumer Credit Teams, and Consumer Bank Operations Teams.
Assignment 4: IBG 2—Conglomerates & Asian Corporates, Institutional Banking Group o Part of the client coverage team that manages a portfolio of over SGD$7B.
Performed overall quarterly portfolio review and evaluation of the Food & Beverage Industry Group; results were presented to Management and Senior Credit Risk Managers.
Developed and deployed a database of financial and non-financial metrics representing the profile of coverage clients and comparable companies across the value chain and sub-segments of the industry. Used extensively by the client coverage team for successful client monitoring and benchmarking purposes.
o Starred in video on Facebook, introducing “DBS Asia X”, DBS’ newest facility, during the media launch day o Starred in DBS’ internal video used to promote the usage of Microsoft Office365.
Initiated 42 events for staff over the year, which included 23 new events such as the inaugural ‘DBS Sports Day’ and events with a social/philanthropic angle such as Project Happy Feet and MINDSET Challenge.
Assisted to set up 9 new Interest Groups to bring the total number of interest groups to 15.
Ensured team improved on budget allocation from the previous year by 31.5% (even though we organized more events), without compromising on the quality of events run, through prudent budget and expense management.
Co-Head, DBS Recreation Club Dinner and Dance Committee, Sponsorships.
Spearheaded the annual Dinner & Dance sponsorship drive, where we secured over 500 lucky draw prizes worth over $200,000 and 7000 door gift sets worth over $100,000. This included over $30,000 worth of travel packages, which was more than triple the dollar value of travel package prizes procured by the team a year before.
Assisted with on ground operations and organization of the Dinner & Dance for 6000 staff and DBS top management.
Conducted market research and analysis, produced detailed reports to underpin client acquisition strategies.
Administered inbound marketing strategies via Hubspot that had direct revenue impact and contributed to growth - Attained Hubspot’s Inbound and Design Certifications.
Assisted with the production of videos for marketing purposes via MightyCall’s YouTube channel and on the company’s website, to drive organic traffic.
Natalie Yeo Yi-Ling Cellular Number: +65-9178-2730 | Email Address: natalieyyl@gmail.com.
Summer Intern 2013, Institutional Clients Group (ICG)—Traditional Investments, Product Management.
Drove and implemented strategic improvements to the proprietary mutual and hedge fund platform, including working with FundInfo, to streamline workflow and enhance business efficiencies, resulting in better product and sales management.
Generated audit and reconciliation reports as well as client trading activity reports.
Intern (6-month internship), Japan Volume Licensing Department.
Executed order processing compliant with Sarbanes-Oxley, revenue recognition and statutory requirements; and collaborated on process improvement projects.
National University of Singapore Business School, Bachelor of Business Administration (Honors)              Aug 11 – Jul 15.
Awarded the NUS Business School ‘Colours Award’ for outstanding contributions to the Business School.
Member of the BIZAD Leadership Development Program, which only accepts 20 students per undergraduate cohort.
Member of the University Town College Program; an interdisciplinary liberal arts academic program that only accepts 3% of undergraduate cohort.
University of Washington Foster School of Business, Student Exchange Program                                        Jan 14 – Jun 14.
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC Bank), Singapore                                                 Aug 14 – Dec 14.
Marketing Research, National University of Singapore 2014/2015 Semester 1 Course Placement.
Analyzed the competitive landscape of the debit card market and assessed strategic direction for the FRANK card.
University of Washington Spring Quarter 2014 Mentorship Program.
Acquired industry insights through ‘World-to-Work’ Program organized for selected international students.
Business Development and Market Research, University of Washington Winter Quarter 2014 Course Placement.
Performed critical overall industry and company analysis and presented recommendations for strategy improvement.
NUS, College of Alice and Peter Tan, Fitness Interest Group, Founder.
NUS, College of Alice and Peter Tan 2013 Students’ Committee, Finance Secretary, External Affairs Committee.
NUS-DBS International Case Competition 2012, Ambassador and Teams Liaison, Organizing Committee 2012.
NUS Business School Bizad Club Freshmen Orientation Projects, Vice Head of Marketing, Dinner and Dance 2012.
NUS Entrepreneurship Society (NES), Vice-Director, Finance and Sponsorship, 2012 Startup@Singapore Committee.
Content creator, digital strategist and social media marketer @nattylifts.Address: Blk 318A Anchorvale Link #09-237, Singapore 541318.
KPMG, Audit Senior Associate - Real Estate, Consumer and Tourism  Sep’14 – Present.
Gained multi-sector exposure in financial reporting and accounting processes, through various audit engagements in sectors spanning across Airline (Singapore Airlines), Real Estate (Far East and Perennial), Hospitality (Republic Hotels & Resorts and Novotel Hotel), F&B (Angliss and Chang Cheng), Services (Sodexo).
SIA overseas station visit to Manila for the testing of controls and processes within tight timeframe.
Handled the audit of a first-year client and came up various audit methodology and testing.
Familiar with accounting principles relating to consolidation, taxation, inventory, GAAP conversion accounting, revenue recognition, payroll, investments, provisions and impairment.
Led and managed team in completing audit work under tight deadlines.
Involved in the preparation of both group and company level financial statements (balance sheet, profit and loss, cash flow and consolidation), proofing and reporting packs for group reporting.
Analyzed the financial statements to identify trends and fluctuations in the reported figures.
Experienced in using SAP accounting system to extract data for audit purpose.
KPMG, Audit Management Intern - Real Estate, Consumer and Tourism  Dec’12 – Feb’13.
Handled high volumes of information requests and performed bookkeeping duties.
Language Proficiency: English (Advanced), Chinese (Advanced), Danish (Elementary).
IT & Accounting Systems: Proficient in MS Office; Knowledge of Frango, Hyperion, Navision and SAP.
Completed ISCA 5 Day Pre-Admission Course in September 2015.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University Bachelor of Accountancy with Second Class Honours.
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT ACTIVITIES.
Worked effectively in teams to audit financial status of clubs and societies in NTU.
Formulated creative product concepts and marketing strategies for a charitable organisation.
• Awarded to students with outstanding academic results, good CCA record and leadership qualities.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Associate | Fixed Income Sales Specialist | Jan 2015 – Present.
Fixed Income Sales Specialist – responsible for the sale of a suite of products which includes:.
iBoxx fixed income indices o Bond, CDS and Loans pricing o Private Equity and Illiquid Debt Valuations o Portfolio Valuations.
Works closely with various product teams and business development managers to drive sales.
Liaise with sales and product teams globally to ensure coordination across multi-national accounts.
Experience running meetings with the C-suite and Heads of business functions.
Perform a sales support role for the APAC sales team (variously based in Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and Australia)  Responsibilities includes:.
Preparation of pitch books and relationship reviews for client meetings o Responding to RFPs.
Responding to ad-hoc client requests o Producing client gap analyses and,.
Creating internal performance and revenue reports using Salesforce.
Associate | Corporate & Sovereign Bond Pricing | Aug 2015 – Oct 2015 (3 months).
Seconded to the Bond Pricing Team to gain in-depth product training.
Responsible for accurately pricing the US and APAC fixed income markets using proprietary models.
Review databases and documentation for accurate pricing information.
Maintain existing pricing models as well as increase sector coverage.
Assembled the inaugural APAC Management Reporting dashboard for senior management.
Other significant projects: Client Relationship Reviews, Gap Analysis for G14 banks, Pitch Books and Product Overviews  Accompanied sales team for meetings with clients.
Participated in trading simulator with global participants from BAML, Citibank and TD Bank amongst others.
Intern (Yen Equity Settlements) \ 5 Aug 2013 – 3 Jan 2014 (6 months).
Performed custody and control tasks to ensure timely settlement of trades for in house trading entity.
Liased with counterparties from global offices to follow up on trade status.
 Taught the guitar to students in primary schools and at youth centers.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
 Grades: General Paper (A), China Studies in English (A), Project Work (A), Chemistry (B), Biology (B), Mathematics (C).
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Lead a committee of 12 people to promote Kent Ridge Hall as an ambassador of Kent Ridge Hall.
Planned and organized an exposure camp, Camp Blue Blood, and a booth during NUS Open House.
 Responsible for the management of the musicians under the musical collective, KR Rockers.
 Organized Kent Ridge Hall’s annual ‘Dinner and Dance’ and ‘Hall Bash’.
Training Specialist, Military Police Training School | Jan 2010 - Feb 2011.
 In charge of the day to day running of various courses conducted by the school and the formulation of training programs.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
Successfully completed a 2-day sales training conducted by Templar Advisors.
Fluent in English (spoken, written) and Mandarin Chinese (spoken, written).Dhiraj Somani               Cell: +65 9126 9996, +91 90043 99231, Email: somani.dhiraj@gmail.com.
Indian School of Business (ISB), (CGPA: 3.41/4.00)                                April, 2013- March, 2014.
Post Graduate Program in Management (Major in Finance and Strategy).
Amongst 17 out of 770 (top 2%) students selected for Merit-based scholarship of INR 10lakhs by the ISB Admissions Office.
Elected President, Finance Club, ISB: Led a team of 6 core members to conduct club level activities (60 members)  o Conceptualized & spearheaded the launch of ISB’s 1st Capital Markets Conclave in Mumbai attracting 25+ eminent speakers.
 Successfully led the student team across both campuses managing logistics (~150 students’ travel & accommodation), speaker reach-out (~50 industry leaders), alumni relations (~120 alumni) and media coverage (~50 media houses) among other activities.
o Torch Bearer Award, ISB Class of 2014 for dedicated service to the ISB community.
Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani, (CGPA: 8.34/10)                                     July, 2005 – May, 2009 Bachelor of Engineering (Hons.), Electronics and Instrumentation                            Awarded performance based scholarship for all 8 semesters.
Close to 7 years of Private Equity, Investment banking experience, working with multi-cultural teams and clients, closing transactions across multiple geographies and sectors.
Senior Manager, Godrej Fund Management, Mumbai, India/ Singapore.
Working as an Investment Professional with the Godrej Real Estate Fund (AUM: ~USD 500 Mn).
Investment evaluation with thorough market research, financial analysis and due diligence of 20+ prospective deals.
Asset management of invested assets, monitoring and analyzing progress of projects against original underwriting.
Instrumental in incorporation and operationalization of a new real estate fund (USD 275 Mn), operational from Singapore.
Currently manage Singapore operations, overlooking investments, investor relations, fund administration and regulatory compliance.
The HongKong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC)                                    May, 2014 – July, 2015.
Associate Vice President – Global Payments and Cash Management, Mumbai, India.
Worked in Corporate Sales role to enhance wallet share and bring new accounts for Payments and Cash Management products.
Investment Banking Analyst – Lifesciences, Agri & Consumer, Mumbai, India.
Worked on Mergers & Acquisitions and Private Equity Funding transactions for Indian clients.
Thought leadership: Brought in 2 new clients based on a primer - Asset-light healthcare delivery models.
Business development: Acquired 4 new clients by presenting business proposals to ~30 prospective clients.
Strategic planning & Market analysis: Built financial models and sales & marketing materials (pitch-books, investor presentation, confidential information memo (CIM), etc.) based on comprehensive understanding of the client’s business models.
Knowledge transfer: Selected by the management to conduct training programs on financial modeling and document formulation.
Private equity fund raising for Eris Lifesciences, a branded generic pharmaceutical company  o Advised and raised growth capital for expansion into new molecules and launch of new products and molecules o Largest ever private equity deal (~$50mn) in the Indian branded pharmaceutical formulations space.
Stake sale of You Look Great, a South India based chain on salons (~$20mn)  o End-to-end involvement with the client; evaluated and pitched plans for organic growth and expansion into new cities.
o Attracted 20 investor bids by preparing a CIM to educate potential investors and gauge deal interests.
Investment Banking Analyst - Telecom, Media and Technology (TMT), London, UK/Mumbai, India.
Worked on M&A, IPO, fund raising and other investment banking transactions for European clients.
Achievement: Awarded the Best Junior Analyst within a pool of 12 Junior Analysts in the department.
Knowledge transfer: Mentored 3 new team members and trained them on sector specific deliverables.
Telecom: $1.5bn Initial Public Offering for TDC, the Danish telecom incumbent o Liaised with different lines of business, client/investor teams to prepare pitches & prospectus; worked from the London office.
Media: $350mn Initial Public Offering for Stroer Out-of-Home Media, the German OOH media company.
o Benchmarked 10 years historical performance - company vs. competition and prepared IPO Request-for-proposal.
Investment Banking Analyst - Media & Telecom, Hyderabad; prepared pitch books as part of the global client coverage team.
Co-owner of one of the 3 franchisees in the ISB Sports League (INR12 lakh, IPL based sports league - 100+ players across 9 sports) o Managed scheduling of games and practice of 40+ highly qualified team players acquired through a player auction.
Leadership at BITS: Treasurer and Senior Core Member (2007 –2008), Instrumentation Forum: Raised sponsorship of INR 1lakh for the Instrumentation team for Apogee (BITS Annual Technical Festival).
Mountain Trekking enthusiast: Hiked 10+ hills in Garhwali Himalayan and Sahyadri (Western ghats) regions.XIE TENGYU                Mobile: (+65) 92255001                    Email: xie.tengyu.2014@gmail.com.
Bachelor of Engineering (Industrial & Systems Engineering), Honours, National University of      Aug 11 to.
Student Exchange Programme, Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany.  Apr 14 to.
Science Stream, Victoria Junior College, Singapore.  Jan 09 to.
Organized and led exchange trips for student members of the Singapore Chapter, by liaising with   Dec 12 AIESEC chapters from other countries, leveraging on the vast internal network of the world’s largest youth-run non-profit organization.
Planned and organized exchange experience sharing sessions by preparing logistics, marketing and being one of the speakers to promote AIESEC overseas exchange programmes to NUS students.
Residence Cluster Leader, NUS Prince George’s Park Residence, Singapore.      Aug 12 to.
Spearheaded and organized cluster meeting, kitchen cleaning and coordinated fire drill in the  Dec 12 residence to enrich residential life of other residents and ensure safety of the residence.
National 8th Place, Citi Foreign Exchange Competition, Singapore.  Oct 11.
Clinched 8th position nationally on this trading competition with a high P&L as a team (with another NUS student).
XIE TENGYU                Mobile: (+65) 92255001                    Email: xie.tengyu.2014@gmail.com.
Prepared logistics and controlled the traffic flow on the street with other volunteers to ensure smooth competition process for athletes and the success of the Olympics Games. Skills and Other Information.
Professional software:  Bloomberg Terminal, Microsoft Office Suite, Excel VBA,C & C++.
Multi-lingual: Mandarin Chinese (native), English (proficient), Teochew (native), Cantonese (fluent), German (elementary).
Broad interests: Stock Trading, Chinese Calligraphy (numerous awards), Basketball.
Assisted clients daily with fixed income-related data and analytic queries covering topics ranging from credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, convertible bonds, inflation-linked note to vanilla bond with a resolution rate of 30% higher than global peer average.
Constantly kept in touch with clients by providing Bloomberg Terminal function-based trainings and seminars, as well as phone campaigns to promote new functions and entrench client usage.
Designated advocate for Bloomberg Launchpad and was in charge of the escalated queries regarding Launchpad function.
Educated new analysts through internal training and seminars on syndication loans and money markets.
Finance Intern, Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Singapore.
Automated previously-manual creation of material consumption report through Excel VBA and PowerPoint which reducing the time required to generate such report by half.
Analyzed pricing data from subcontractors using 2 different calculation methods with Excel to facilitate the price negotiation with the subcontractors resulting in cost-savings for the company.
Created a budget control excel sheet to monitor expense data against the budget to accurately control the spending cost for 3 consecutive months together with another colleague.
 Liaised with bankers for daily cash transaction with 100% accuracy to guarantee normal cash flow of the company.
 Provided know-hows to customers on the use of the company’s stock trading software and supported the opening of trading accounts to improve customer experience and increase operational efficiency.
Drafted over 100 personal tax forms without mistakes and with high efficiency.Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore                                                         Aug 2013 – Dec 2016.
One of 3,000 scholarship recipients worldwide to read the CFA Program in 2016.
CFA Institute Research Challenge 2015 Nationals 1st Runner Up.
Financial analysis, valuation, initiation-of-coverage report writing and presentation of recommendations.
Top 20 out of a 146 competing teams in nationwide competition.
Pickering Pacific, Investment Banking, Spring Analyst                    Dec 2016 – May 2017.
Assisted the team in a sell-side transaction involving renewable energy assets in Southeast Asia valued at c. US$200 million.
Assisted the team in a sell-side transaction involving a lifestyle app valued at c. US$40 million.
Assisted the team in a sell-side transaction involving the sale of a Southeast Asian refinery valued at US$66 million.
Assisted the team in buy-side transaction advisory involving the acquisition of an Australian horticultural business by a company engaged in R&D and commercialisation of health and agri-related products.
Nanyang Technological University: Nanyang Capital                       Jan 2016 – Jun 2016.
IT Skills:       Proficient in MS Office, Bloomberg, Factset, Thomson One, Capital IQ, Factiva, Mergermarket, Debtwire, Euromonitor,.
Interests:       I enjoy playing soccer and the bass guitar in my free time.An independent and responsible employee who is able to prioritise her work well. Adept at multi-tasking and willing to put in extra effort and hours when necessary in order to meet deadlines. Demonstrated teamwork and is well-liked and dependable.
Senior Audit Associate (Real Estate, Consumerism, Tourism).
Performed audits for publicly and privately held clients in the following industries: REITS, Manufacturing and Exporting, Retail ● Maintained productive relationships with client while gaining comprehensive understanding of the clients’ operations, processes and business objectives.
Responsible for analysing financial data, designing suitable procedures and applying appropriate accounting principles and auditing standard to support the conclusion reached for the allocated audit sections ● Guided and mentored junior associates and interns on audit processes.
Responsible for assisting with Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable Reconciliation; Bank Reconciliation as well as the monthly and quarterly Journal Entries Preparation ● Responsible for the drafting of Internal Control Documentation.
Responsible for checking and ensuring the validity and accuracy of sales documents ● Responsible for co-ordinating the transfer of documents between teams in the department.
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT ACTIVITIES.
Planned various events for the Accountancy and Business students in Nanyang Business School to attract participants through creative ways.
Joint project between Victoria Junior College and Hwa Chong Institution ● Team Leader for Victoria Junior College.
Initiated Camp E!xclamation (for P5 and P6 students under the Financial Assistance Scheme).
Participated in National Inter-School Fencing Championships 2011 - 'A' Division.
Learnt and experienced the workings of a stage drama production.
Achieved Silver in the Singapore Youth Festival 2009 - Chinese Drama Category.
Information Technology:  Microsoft Office (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint) Language Proficiency:  English, Mandarin (Chinese), Korean (Basic) Interests:  Food and travelling.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University.Master of Philosophy (M.Phil.) in Management  Oct 2014 – Jun 2015.
Achieved 69% overall (equivalent First-Class border); Distinctions for Business Economics and Operations Management.
Papers included: Finance, Quantitative Techniques, Accounting, International Business Economics, Marketing, Organisational.
Achieved Double First-Class Honours in Preliminary Examinations and Final Honour School.
Goldsworthy Scholar awarded by St Catherine’s College, Oxford for outstanding academic achievement.
Papers included: Quantitative Methods, Demography and Population, Human Genetics and Evolution, Animal and Human.
Behaviour, Sociological Theory, Human Ecology, Health and Disease.
Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advance Level (A-Levels)   Jan 2009 – Dec 2010.
Achieved Distinctions for Mathematics, Chemistry, Biology, General Paper, Literature in English and Project Work.
ESIP scholarship awarded by the Ministry of Education, Singapore – top 5% of students at O-level examinations nationwide.
Point Hope is a Singapore-based private equity firm with a pan-Asian mid-market control buyout investment strategy.
Assisted in developing financial models and performed valuation analyses using discounted cash flows, trading multiples, and acquisition multiples and LBO-based valuations.
Prepared information memorandums, board presentations, pitch books, investor Q&A lists and industry research.
Conducted due diligence on targets by analysing financial filings, trade publications, regulatory filings and sell-side research.
Travelogy is an online travel technology and media start-up founded by the co-founder of JobsCentral, which was acquired by CareerBuilder LLC in 2011.
Researched data on travel markets and trends in Asia and forecasted their implications on travel outlook in Asia.
Supported content marketing manager in writing and publishing, search engine optimisation, and social media engagement; independently achieved 100,000+ increase in relevant monthly page views.
Prepared advertising pitch materials for sales team to reflect company’s digital content reach and reader base.
THE STUDENT CONSULTANCY PROGRAMME, UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD   United Kingdom, UK.
Initial one-week intensive consulting knowledge and skills training with Oxford University Careers Service.
Planned strategies to reduce order lead-time and increase cost efficiency for client’s key business through assessment of order histories and interviews with employees and senior management.
Identified customer segments with growth potential and recommended pricing strategy; findings were used to inform sales team plan and led to investment in client’s B2C services.
Responded to hotline callers experiencing personal difficulties such as anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts.
Offered confidential and anonymous overnight listening, support and reassurance, and referral suggestions.
Instructor for three-week training course for future volunteers on active listening techniques and being supportive.
Organising committee member of project to rehabilitate pre-adolescents identified as high risk for delinquency.
Led team of 30 camp leaders; planned activities to teach the dangers of behaviours like smoking and glue sniffing.
Managed communications and invited MP Christopher de Souza and other delinquency rehabilitation professionals.
Languages: English (full professional proficiency), Mandarin Chinese (native proficiency).
Proficiency in MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint; IBM SPSS Statistics.
Oxford University Ballet Society member, Cambridge University Ballet Club member and dancer for Coppélia ballet.Languages Written/ : English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Japanese.
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management (Major in Human Resources Management).
Microsoft Office Specialist – Word, Powerpoint, Excel 2013.
Diploma in Electronics, Computer & Communications Engineering.
Sourcing of candidates for all business units in Singapore.
Reviewing job descriptions, establishing selection criteria for various positions under individual departments (Reconciliations, Fund Accounting, Corporate & Trust, Private Equity & Real Estate).
Working closely with the TA manager, operations and other business units to plan recruitment needs in advance.
Sourcing suitable candidates through a variety of portals, partnering with institutions for recruitment drives, job fairs.
Shortlistiing resumes, conducting pre screening calls where necessary to pre assess suitability for role.
Liaise with recruitment firms for key positions and build working relationships with select recruitment firms. Working through business agreements, terms & fees between recruitment partners and Citco Fund Services.
Administrator pre-interview tests (Cash Reconciliations / Fund Accounting) where applicable.
Tracking of interview results to tabulate and assess applications history of each vacancy, success rate of various recruitment avenues.
Generating of employment contracts, procuring job offers, external and internal salary benchmarking.
Working closely with various departments eg. HR, Admin, Training, IT with regards to staff onboarding, orientation & induction.
Provide updates regarding recruitment status for current job openings, requisitions approved / pending approval for regular ma.
Reason for leaving: Current job is a contract role, I am seeking a long term position, with sustainable growth opportunities.
In house recruitment for West Corporation’s (Intercall) Asia Pacific regional offices’ various departments: Leadership, Customer Relations, Sales, Finance & Billing, HR & Admin, IT, Marketing and Operations roles.
Covering APAC region – Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Korea, Japan.
Recruitment of candidates across APAC regional offices via LinkedIN, Peoplesoft, Taleo, job portals and working with recruitment firms,.
Positions I have filled include: Sales Overlay (Engineer), Business Development Manager, Assistant Accountant, Conference Administrator, Facilities Manager, Digital Solutions Pre Sales Consultant & more.
Job advertisements placement, resume screening, coordination of interviews, Letter of Acceptance / employee contract generation, Develop/ Review Job Descriptions.
Drafting of New Hire Contracts, Contract Agreements with Recruitment vendors and negotiation / review of terms of business.
Coordinate Career Fair, Company anniversary, Company networking, Company rebranding, Company Year End Party events planning, logistics and procurement.
In charge of Employee relations, Employee Onboarding, work passes applications, employee engagement, salary benchmarking, and other HR generalist duties.
Reason for leaving: This was a contract position, with the possibility of conversion to permanent basis. However, my company was unable to retain me due to a lack of headcount.
Act as advisory of Singapore’s employment laws, employee rights and employer obligations. Answer employee benefit related questions.
Provide recruiting and on-boarding support by posting jobs, contacting candidates, scheduling interviews, conducting new hire paperwork processing, employment passes application/renewal/cancellation, on boarding, insurance purchases and all other related administrative processes.
Coordinate projects related to company-wide and HR event planning, wellness initiatives, and employee recognition.
Perform general Human Resources administrative tasks, provide HR project support, respond to employee service requests and third party requirements, and update HR database documents.
In charge of all HR-related matters, recording staff working times and attendance, generating payroll and leave reports.
Supporting Japanese expatriates’ employment life cycle within Singapore; such as booking of flights, sourcing of housing accomodations, employment pass / visa applications, drafting of employment contracts, getting approval from International Enterprise Singapore for regional representatives, payroll processing, leave administration, insurance purchases, tax clearances and visa cancellations.
Supporting Japanese expats in terms of adjustment to Singaporean lifestyle, provide explanation and advice in terms of expats’ employment contract details, Singapore’s employment law with regards to pay, overtime, tax and leave matters, acting as expats’ emergency contact in Japan.
Drafting, developing, reviewing and updating of policies & procedures.
Full spectrum of HR duties from recruitment, on boarding, to resignation.
Administering and perform training programs research in line with training needs analysis for the organization, and propose training and development programs for employees.
Build employee relations through offering consultation, facilitation and resolution for workplace issues. Includes assisting in communications between employees and supervisors, imposing disciplinary actions, explanation and clarification of policies and procedures.
Involvement of employee engagement activities/ events for purpose of team bonding and physical well being of employees.
Develop and streamline the Performance Appraisal framework.
Develop rewards, recognition, perks practices and the like as part of employees retention program.
Maintaining and keeping the compensation & benefits policy abreast.
Responsible for general HR administration; Benefits administration (leave, allowances, insurance, etc.).
Preparation of various HR reports, analyzing of data and prepare summary for management reporting.
Reason for leaving: Job recommendation from acquaintence; joined new company to gain regional work exposure.
Benchmarking of compensation and benefits for company employees.
Job advertisements placement, resume screening, coordination of interviews, Letter of Acceptance / employee contract generation.
Managing staffs’ leave, tax matters, on-boarding, claims, visa applications, petty cash, performance appraisals.
Arrangement for WSQ training courses for staff; application for SDF grants; maintaining training log records.
Handle medical insurance matters and related HR documentation.
Training needs and trends analysis for manpower and training budgetting.
Employee relations, grieviances and exit interviews management.
Reason for leaving: Departed for a better remuneration package and more career advancement opportunities.
Handles full spectrum of HR operational and administrative functions.
Maintain and update employee personal profile, leave and medical records.
Process staff insurance claims, Accident iReport & Workman Injury Compensation Claims.
Employment Pass, S Pass, Work Permits via WPOL & EPOL; Tax clearance with IRAS.
Attend to staff welfare and benefits, query on salary and reimbursement claims.
Reason for leaving: Joined new company for further learning opportunities and to gain more experience in the HR field.sanyabhasin@u.nus.edu/ sb6051@stern.nyu.edu | + 65 8402 2980 / +61 4100 30312.
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY (NYU) LEONARD N. STERN SCHOOL OF BUSINESS  NEW YORK, USA.
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Exchange Semester  Aug 2016 – Dec 2016.
Coursework: Valuation, Advanced Strategy Analysis, Financial Analysis in Entertainment and Media, Venture Capital Financing and Managerial Decision Making.
Master of Business Administration, Finance Specialisation (CAP score: 4.0/5.0)  Aug 2015 – Aug 2016.
Coursework: Private Equity, Investment analysis, Negotiation and Conflict management.
Presented 3 cases to Goldman Sachs, Singapore, providing solutions to hedge client’s position by recommending asset classes for investments using derivative strategies.
1st place in South-east Asia regionals and 4th place in global finals of Venture Capital Investment Competition.
Divisional runner-up in Asia Venture Challenge (start up pitch).
Summer Associate (Investment Banking Division)  June 2016 – Aug 2016.
Expedited healthcare M&A deal (US$200M) and built a financial model by collaborating with multiple advisors.
Developed innovative method of analysing precedent M&A transactions, resulting in new insights about reported premiums (increase from 25-30% to 35-40%).
Prepared a financial model, deal structuring proposal and investment pitch for potential investment in a Thai education company (Deal value of US$20-30M).
Associate (Transaction Advisory Services – M&A due diligence)  Oct 2012 – April 2015.
Delivered over 10 M&A transaction deals, totalling to over US$600M for clients such as Temasek Capital, Bharti Airtel, Aegis (Essar Group), Elder Pharmaceuticals, Kinnevik New Ventures AB across industries (e.g. telecom/Internet, entertainment, manufacturing, e-commerce, hotel, shipping) in various regions (India, USA, UK, Malaysia, Sweden, Congo, Singapore).
Led a team for sell side transaction of an Internet service provider; identified control weaknesses and recommended cost saving strategies (US$2M), including implementation of an automated tracking system.
Identified expense reversal of US$2M and adjusted valuation for a buy side BPO deal.
Forecasted additional working capital funding requirement of US$2M post-acquisition of an Internet security solutions company to sustain current growth rates.
Reduced valuation of a shipping company by identifying costs of US$1.5M not considered in the profit and loss statement by straight lining dry dock expenses expected to be incurred.
Worked on more than 10 audit engagements across manufacturing and technology sector.
Led a team of three to complete the planning and fieldwork of a limited review of Gabriel Ltd.
Member of NUS Latin dance competing team in Semester 1 of NUS MBA.
Leader of teach initiative of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Club at Ernst & Young in liaison with Akanksha Foundation (a non-profit organisation).
Volunteer for CRY (Child Rights and You, a non-profit organisation); planned, wrote and performed street plays to create awareness of child labour; events covered by media.
LANGUAGES: English (proficient), Hindi (native), Punjabi (native), Marathi (conversant).Assistant Manager, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: SSNC).
Review quarterly financail statements, capital calls and distributions allocation for dissmination to investors.
Maintain fund distribution waterfall calculations according to LPA.
Liase with auditors in the prepation of annual reports and provide audit support.
Coach the performance of junior team members for the individual development.
four real estate funds with aggregate AUM US$330 million (one new onboarding fund with AUM US$ 446 million) and two venture capital funds with aggregate AUM US$300 million.
Senior Fund Accountant, State Street Corporation (NYSE: STT).
Prepare quarterly financial statements, capital calls and distributions schedules.
Build client relationships by providing prompt responses to service issues and queries to client and auditors in a professional manner.
Carry out KYC and Anti-Money Laundering procedures with compliance team.
A leading North Asia private equity firm, with USD 10 billion in assets under management, investing in a broad range of industries including insurance, logistics, sportswear etc.
Senior Associate, Assurance Department, PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Lead a team of 3-4 members for audit fieldwork in both HK & China, directly report to managers.
Prepare carve out financial statements , alignment of accounting policies with disclosures complied with HKFRS & IFRS.
Fixed assets valuation with impairment review and valuation.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours) in Accounting – Second Class Division One.
Cantonese (Native), English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent), Korean (Basic).
Microsoft Office (including MS Excel, MS Word and PowerPoint).
Accounting software (including Investran, MYOB, SAP, Citrix).Bachelor of Business Admin (Accountancy), 1st Class Honours, with specialization in Finance.
CAP: 4.74 / 5.00. Dean’s List – top 5% of cohort – for 5 out of 6 semesters.
Warsaw School of Economics – study abroad programme  Jan 13 – Jun 13.
CFA Level 3 Candidate for June 2017 exam. Passed earlier levels with >70th percentile in almost all subjects.
Familiar with Bloomberg. Mandarin skill is reasonable, but not in the professional context. But I believe I can get familiar reasonably quickly.
Interests: Travelling to unconventional places (recently Iran, Balkans); reading about history, geopolitics, culture, financial markets, Asian business.
Credit / Equity Research Analyst, Tahan Capital Management.
Versatile with asset classes and geographies. I spend 40% of my time HY, 40% in equity/CB, 20% in IG. HY and IG include MENA and Latam corporates and sovereigns, Australia, Macau.
Equity/CB includes Australia, Singapore, as well as selected names in Japan, Thailand and Malaysia, Macau. I took up Indian HY and equities from May 2017. Cover more corporates than financials, though I used to cover selected ASEAN and Australia bank equities.
Provide investment recommendations grounded on financial statements analysis and projections, understanding of capital structure, company/industry developments and business model, relative valuation, issue terms and structure, etc.
Flexibly adjust my view and devise quick analysis in response to developments and events.
Actively participate in issuer meetings, investor conferences, results calls, meetings with sell side. Often exchange views with portfolio managers and other analysts.
Presented topics of interest to the team, including inflation-linked bonds, European sovereign bonds and the outlook of the rates business amid tightened regulations.
Wrote basic morning commentaries across FX, rates and credit.
Fixed Income Research Analyst Intern, Pinebridge Investments.
Enhanced portfolio monitoring and relative value tools using Excel VBA.
  Conducted research on several US and European equities for this family office.
  Participated in engagements and gained exposure to accounting and financial reporting.
National champion team at the CFA Institute Research Challenge 2015 (equity research competition), proceeding to APAC round in March 2015. Co-wrote an investment report to sell Singapore Post.
Recipient of Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) Scholarship.
Recipient of Nexia TS Public Accounting Medal for topping the accountancy class in year 3.
Finalist team at the CFA Institute Research Challenge 2014 (equity research competition).
National champion team at the CFA Institute Research Challenge 2015 (equity research competition), proceeding to APAC round in March 2015. Co-wrote an investment report to sell Singapore Post.
Recipient of Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) Scholarship.
Recipient of Nexia TS Public Accounting Medal for topping the accountancy class in year 3.
Finalist team at the CFA Institute Research Challenge 2014 (equity research competition).Fast leaner and strong team player with excellent interpersonal skills.
Bachelor in Business Administration (Accounting and Finance), Second Upper Honours.
2013/14 Semester 1 Dean’s List (Top 5% of cohort) CFA Institute.
 Passed CFA Level 1 and 2 on first attempt; CFA Level 3 Candidate.
Placed in 99th percentile of all test-takers for Bloomberg Aptitude Test and entered APAC Top 5 Hall of Fame.
NUS Study Abroad Scholarship (Given for strong academic and leadership qualities) Professional Experience.
Improved FCF of USD 10 million for a client by structuring a reverse factoring program.
Directly engaged in client meetings to structure solutions to their financing needs.
Conducted due diligence on working capital note investment via double-trust structure.
Created research report on the outlook of palm oil, bulk shipping and thermal coal industries in the APAC region.
Provided daily market update on key clients and trading commodities. Royal Bank of Canada Wealth Management Asia.
Produced training materials across classes of Investment Products for the education of Relationship Managers.
Amended Product Factsheets on Structured Notes, Fixed Income and Forex Products.
Created Product Factsheet on Contingent Convertible Notes (CoCos).
Performed pay-out analysis on Structured Products, such as Equity Linked Notes, Shark Notes, and Steepener Structured Notes.
Learnt process of trade execution for Bonds and Forex Products.
Updated policy paper on Securitized Dual Currency Investments for Investment Product Committee.
Analysed outward telegraphic transfer process and proposed using median result instead of mean result for evaluative purposes due to extreme data points. This enhanced accuracy of system evaluations.
Statistically analysed transaction volume for different product types and proposed areas of focus for enhancement.
Proposed improvements to the authentication of transactions to reduce processing time and reduce operating costs.
Summer Intern, Private Wealth Management (Value Based Investment).
Drafted portfolio establishment rules and monitoring criteria based on customized investment portfolios mirroring social impact funds.
Analysed investment viability of a Chinese enterprise in Beijing for a large client and provided inputs which led to rejection of the investment due to risk factors.
Contributed in editing a UBS White Paper published at the BoAo Forum for Asia 2013.
Reached out to local business leaders to participate in a workshop for Ultra-High Net Worth clients in the Asia-Pacific region.
Translated client prospectus and for regional offices from English to Mandarin. Other Related Experience/Co-Curricular Activities.
Picked stocks that generated over 10% in a week using top down approach.
Performed preliminary valuation of the multi-national energy company Petrobras.Perform surveillance over proprietary and agency trading activities in the Bank.
Detect potential market manipulation or unfair treatment of clients.
Proficient in NICE Actimize, SMARTS Broker, GOMAN Breakfinder, Bloomberg.
Draft business delivery requirements and manage Book of Work projects.
Safeguarded the integrity of Chinese Wall and monitoring MNPI flow within the Bank.
Conducted information barrier analysis and wall-crossing of public-side employees.
Responsible for pre-clearance of unpublished research by IB and PB analysts.
Performed surveillance over trades against restricted list breaches and insider dealing.
Implemented Designated Broker Policy for the Bank in Dec 2015 for CS APAC employees.
Performed daily Substantial Shareholding & Short Selling Reporting.
Participated in Take-overs and Mergers related reporting for Singapore (SIC).
Advised on disclosure issues to trading desk regarding thresholds permissible.
Imposed in-house trading restrictions for purposes of Position Limit Monitoring.
Center for Governance, Institutions and Organizations (CGIO).
Screened annual reports and identifying potential corporate governance red flags.
Promoted research on corporate governance issues pertinent to Asia.
Scored 644 SGX Listed Companies on Governance Transparency Index 2015.
Developed corporate governance framework and policies for the Charity.
Conducted research on comparable organizations (local and overseas) to identify relevant key performance indicators and devised impact measurement methodologies.Experienced sales person with expertise in financial technology, banking & business development processes.
Keen interest in capital markets, fixed income sales & private equity.
Showcased Bloomberg Professional solutions to both potential & existing clients, including top tier financial institutions.
Forged deep & trusted relationships with clients, by understanding their businesses, pressures & concerns in a consultative manner.
Positioned Bloomberg solutions across Core Terminal & Enterprise Solutions such as Data, Connectivity Tools, Order Management Systems & Risk.
Covered Sales across Local, Chinese, Taiwanese, Indian, Korean & Canadian Banks and Brokers in Singapore Achievements:.
Top Sales Associate 2016 (ASEAN Region) – exceeded sales targets by 250%.
Built & entrenched Electronic Trading community (Fixed Income Trading, FXGO, IB Dealing).
Appointed as the APAC Charts Advocate & ASEAN Fixed Income Advocate.
Fixed Income & Charts Specialist, Financial Analytics  Oct 2014 – Aug 2015.
Provided 24/7 support for Bloomberg Terminal users across the world spanning multiple industries.
Interacted with clients over Instant Bloomberg, calls & site visits to address their questions & conduct training Achievements:.
Attained Fixed Income & Charts Specialisation, also trained in FX & Portfolio Tools.
Relationship Manager, Corporate Banking Division  Jul 2013 – Sep 2014.
Developed business with existing & potential clients for banking solutions such as FX, Structured Products & Project Financing.
Built close relationships with Global MNCs to capture key opportunities such as capital injections & inter-company loans.
Structured transactions based on clients’ current requirements, liaising internally across Credit Control, Compliance & Money Transfer teams to close deals Achievements:.
Clinched the biggest single deal (USD 500k) within the Corporate Banking Division in 2014.
Industrial Attachment, Financial Accounting - Compensation & Benefits  Jan 2012 – Jun 2012.
Prepared global accrual & amortisation schedules for Expat Tax, Insurance and Hypo Tax.
Performed accounting for interest & payment for loans based in APAC & the Americas.
Streamlined reporting processes using VBA automation for CS Philanthropy APAC & Product Control Treasury Rates Achievements:.
Completed several projects under the Operational Excellence Program to increase operational efficiency across various departments.
Finance Intern, Strategic Financial Management  Dec 2011 – Jan 2012.
Assisted in the analysis & review of financials for 4 polyclinics in a MOH costing exercise observing costing trends.
Reviewed costing models & frameworks using Activity-Based Costing across Community Hospitals (CH)  Achievements:.
Established conceptual framework for Home Care Costing (Home Nursing Foundation).
Performed statutory audits on Singapore listed companies & subsidiaries.
Work done includes vouching, sampling, disclosure documentation & preparation of management letters for accounts such as Cash, Fixed Assets, Shares, Account Payables & Receivables.
English (Native), Mandarin Chinese (Fluent) and Cantonese (Fluent).Double Degree (Honors) in Accountancy and Business (Banking & Finance) Aug 2010 – May 2014.
H2 Physics, H2 Chemistry, H2 Mathematics, H2 Economics, H1 General Paper.
GCE ‘O’ Levels – Double Science and Economics Stream Jan 2004 – Dec 2007.
Performed audits in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards and Singapore Standards on Auditing.
Acquired understanding of business processes across a broad spectrum of clients’ operations.
– sales, procurement, inventory, treasury, accounts receivable, investments, HR, fixed assets, development property.
Assessed engagement-specific business risks, audit risks, fraud risks, and financial risk areas.
Conducted testing of clients’ internal controls and business operations, including but not limited to JSOX, identified areas of improvement, and recommended solutions.
Performed analytical procedures to detect unusual financial statements relationships.
Involved in consolidation and preparation of financial statements.
– planning, resourcing, monitoring of work-in-progress report, coordination of project stakeholders.
– allocation of tasks, review and feedback on work, deadline management, conducted performance appraisal.
KYC Analyst – Forensic Advisory (Periodic Reviews Team) Oct 2014 – Dec 2014.
Performed Know Your Customer (KYC) reviews in accordance with UBS IB Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) policies.
Prepared risk assessments and classified UBS clients according to risk exposure.
Advised KYC Analysts on global and country-specific regulatory requirements.
Executed background checks and negative news checks, identified and escalated potential red flags.
Evaluated documentation from data sources such as Dun & Bradstreet, Bankers’ Almanac, regulators’ websites (e.g. ASIC, FINRA, SEC, MAS).
Assisted senior associates in the process of accounts receivables and revenue.
Sorted and balanced cheque, performed teller balancing and reconciliation of cheque.
Received and pre-processed credit card cheque payment from Singpost.
Involved in assessing and shortlisting of candidates for interviews, according to guidelines set by HR manager.
Executed and explained aptitude tests for candidates, and collated test results for director’s review.
In-charged of background screening of candidates such as verifying work experiences and educational certs.
Nanyang Technological University – Hall of Residence 2 Singapore.
Head of Welfare, Orientation Main Committee Oct 2011 – Sep 2012.
Liased with food caterers to provide meals for ~250 freshmen participants for a 7-Day orientation camp.
Orientation camp was highly applauded by freshmen participants.
Nanyang Technological University – Investment Interactive Club Singapore.
Planned a nationwide competition (National Cash flow competition) by collaborating with committee members.
Event was aimed at promoting financial literacy with an element of fun through the use of a board game.
Led a team of facilitators to ensure smooth execution of the event.
Nanyang Technological University – Hall of Residence 2 Singapore.
Business Manager, Orientation Main Committee Oct 2010 – Sep 2011.
Executed a 7-Day orientation camp of ~250 freshmen participants alongside committee members.
In-charged of sourcing for sponsorships for the orientation camp to ensure budget efficiency.
Raised $20k of funds through sourcing for jobs and liaising with job agencies for canvassing opportunities.
Nanyang Technological University – Hall of Residence 2 Laos.
Committee Member, Overseas Community Involvement Programme (OCIP)  May 2011.
Rendered my service in all necessary areas, including building a main assembly hall, farming and cooking for the residents of the community.
Volunteered to tutor academically weak students from underprivileged family backgrounds.
Mentored and counselled these students to ensure they performed in school.
Volunteered at elderly homes and primary schools to aid underpriviliged individuals.
Liased with external organizations in planning for training sessions for the club.
Organized photography competitions with other schools to promote cohesion.
Selected to represent the school in a national mathematics competition – the Singapore Mathematical Olympiad (SMO).
Languages: English (native), Mandarin (proficient), Hokkien (conversant).
Skills: CaseWare Workings Papers, eAudit 2017, MGP Accounting Software. Proficient in Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Interests: Rollerblading, Hiking, Human Resource Management, Audit.Total 2 years of domain experience in SAP MM, SD and FI Module.
Worked for Catalyzt Infotech from 20th Feb 2016 to 31st Dec 2016.
Worked for Tata Teleservices Ltd from 16th Jan 2015 to 15th Feb 2016 experience in SAP MM, SD & Finance Module.
6 Month (Jul 2014-Dec 2014) course completion in SAP MM Module form Catalyzt Infotech.
6 Month internship project completion in Software Testing (Manual Testing) from Seed Infotech.
Good knowledge of Purchase, Procurement process,P2P process.
Good knowledge of O2C cycle (Order-to-cash cycle—FI-SD integration).
Clear understanding of Master Data – Material Master, Vendor Master, Info Record, Source list.
Strong Knowledge of MS-Office, MS-Excel, Power Point, MS-Word.
Good knowledge of SDLC, STLC, Black box and white box testing.
Knowledge of Enterprise and Organizational structure of MM module.
Defining and assigning organization structure in Customization.
Expert in the customization of SAP Master Data – Material, Vendor, Info-record and Source List.
Experience of business scenarios in MM including procurement process for external service, stock material also scenarios including consumption based planning, Purchase Requisition, RFQ, Quotations, Price Comparison, Purchase order, Goods Received, Invoice Received, Outline Agreement, Account determination, Inventory Management.
ERS -- Evaluated Receipt Settlement is the process of settling goods receipt automatically.
Different procurement scenarios and cross module integration (FI,SD,and PP).
Setting up pricing procedures, Calculation Schema determination.
Automatic Account determination Process MM FI Integration & Valuation.
Inventory Management – Goods Receipt, Goods Issue / Transfer Posting, Transactions.
Movement Type – Goods Receipts, Goods Issue and transfer Posting, Other GR GI.
Develop training documentation including Instruction manuals, Training Outlines, PowerPoint Slides, Quick reference Guide, Assessments, Trainers Guides, etc.
Providing training of SAP MM Module in the classroom, SAP R/3, version ECC 6.0.
Negotiate with the vendor & received the final revised offer.
Do the price comparison and reject the vendor which price is high and place the order which price is low.
If the new vendor, we have to create the new vendor code in SAP.
Generate the PO in SAP as per the agreed terms & conditions and sent the authorized PO scanned copy to concerned vendor through an e-mail.
Keep on regular follow up with vendor until the material received at our end.
Transfer the material one plant to another plant and one storage location to another storage location.
Maintain & submit all the purchase data on monthly basis in PPT.
Rectification of storage location on the basis of warehouse confirmation.
Sharing the available balance in CP account and balance received date and time to circle finance using SAP Tools.
If any issue is related to PULE and SAP then raise the ITSME and taking the follow up from PULSE team and SAP Team.
Co Ordinate with circle finance and solving queries trough mail and call using Different type of SAP Tools.
Making daily MIS of Purchase orders & share with the circle finance team.
Description: This Project is about designing, developing and implementing high quality web based e-Business suite revolving around capturing and dissemination information on departments. The Departments involved are Sales and Marketing, Design, Operations, Purchases, Projects, Manufacturing and Finance and Administration. The e-business suite is used to ease to and increase the efficiency of the current business process being followed in the above mentioned departments.
Involved in Smoke testing, Functional testing, Regression testing.
Extensively performed manual testing process to ensure the quality of the software.
Participate in workshop on technical paper presentation, Grooming and Soft skill.
#08-132, Block 412, Bedok North Avenue Street 2, Bedok Singapore 460412.
Flat No 206, Shobha Empire, Near Toll Plaza, Boradewadi,, Moshi. Pune 412105, India.PricewaterhouseCoopers Risk Services Pte. Ltd.              Nov 2016-present.
Internal Audit checks on Asset Management companies on Compliance Monitoring Program,  adequacy and completeness of control framework around compliance matters;.
Anti-money laundering audit support testing robustness of firm's AML control on Private Banks.
Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (AUM: USD5bil)            Nov 2014-May 2016.
Assist in developing, drafting and update of compliance policies and procedures, outlining the Firm’s  policies, regulations and best practices, in accordance to MAS and HK SFC rules and regulations;.
Assisted in FATCA related work such as gap analysis, remediation and implementation. Not only critical  reporting deadlines are met, the reporting costs were also saved by identifying and eliminating  unnecessary reporting;.
MAS representative license application and notification update with MAS;.
Staffs' Personal Account Dealing approvals and monthly checks;.
Quarterly checks on AML/KYC documentation on Fund Administrators;.
Liaised with fund managers and traders for pre-trade compliance issues and managed orders efficiently;.
Liaise with auditors during internal audit and resolve audit findings;.
Prepare training materials and contents for internal training.
Senior Associate 2 in Financial Assurance Audit (Asset Management).
Tested internal controls of clients’ operation cycle of different complexity provided insightful knowledge  in their business model and learnt about various internal controls which are in place to  mitigate/minimize risks;.
Team in charge for a prominent Fund House in Singapore, responsible for review of work on various  funds, liaising with Fund Administrators and clients to resolve issues to deliver quality work within tight  deadline;.
Audit work involved testing client’s financial risk management disclosure workings, VaR workings and  sensitivity analysis;.
Developed an analytical mind through work, analysing revenue and cost drivers, and performed final  analytics (trend analytics) review to explain the variances between actual and developed expectation;.
Microsoft Excel skills greatly enhanced through data extraction, compilation and computation in past  audit work. Experience of data verification and extraction using Bloomberg Terminal are also available  at work;.
Interpersonal and communication skills improvised when dealing with clients as well as managing  clients’ expectation.
Part I covers foundations of risk management concepts, quantitative analysis, financial markets and products, valuations and risk models;.
Two stage performances of Japanese traditional play in the Street Theatre Canberra;.
Swimming (Malaysian Student's Council of Australia) - 2009.Chines dialects spoken  :  Cantonese, Hainanese, Teochew and Hokkien.
Client Relationship Associate (South East Asia market –providing support to teamlead and 2 RMs).
Inputting of trades (equities, bonds, structured notes, FX, DCI).
Provide funding for trades settlement (purchase of equities, bonds, ELN notes).
Answer phone calls and clients’ enquiries (account balance, FD rates, statements).
Marketing Associate (Greater China Team –providing support to teamhead and 2 junior RMs) AUM USD 10 million – USD 50 million.
Inputting of trades (equities, bonds, structured notes, FX, DCI).
Provide funding for trades settlement (purchase of equities, bonds, American & European options, Dual Currency Deposits, swaps) hedge funds, ELN notes, IPO subscription.
Prepare payment instructions & update and monitoring clients’ spreadsheets (FX positions & DCI), securities transfer.
Answer phone calls and clients’ enquiries (market quotes, market information) & filing.
Prepare marketing materials (account opening documents, investment guide and pitch books for RMs business trips).
Restructuring in the team (the team head who hired me was changed). I found it difficult to adapt to the new team head’s working ways (references are available upon request). I have resigned and my last day was 6 Jun 2016.
Service Desk Manager/Project Management for Avaloq (6 mths contract).
•    Contact point for business to initiate requests for new products, services & any other change initiative that has linkages with the Operating Model or the technology platform.
•    Liaison with business, product team, IT, Operations and other stakeholders to define business requirements & implement end to end process solutions.
•    Design Business Operating procedure for relevant changes to ensure the technology solution is aligned to the operating model and process.
•    Responsible for end to end delivery to the business i.e. Business requirements, UAT, Training, deployment and Post implementation support.
•    Manage all the approvals, documentation regarding assigned projects / initiatives.
•    Work with functional and business stakeholders to identify and implement process improvement & re-engineering opportunities.
Client Service Officer (Middle East/HK/Europe/London/Russian markets).
Inputting of trades (equities, bonds, structured notes, FX, DCI).
Provide funding for trades settlement (purchase of equities, bonds, American & European options, Dual Currency Deposits, swaps) hedge funds, ELN notes, IPO subscription , new issues.
Processing of E-banking application, holdmail instruction/cancellation.
I have been working night shift in Falcon Private bank and I left because of Health reason. (will be elaborated in interview). I have stopped working for more after leaving Falcon Private Bank to take stock of my life and also to nurse back my health.
During this period, I have helped out with my sister and bro-in-law’s car polishing business.
In fact, and now that I have fully recovered and I am all ready to go back to the banking sector.
Assist with marketing materials (powerpoint presentation).
Provide admin & marketing support to 2 bankers with Thailand/Vietnam/Indonesia/Malaysia clients.
Inputting of trades (equities, bonds, structured notes, FX, DCI).
Provide funding for trades settlement (purchase of equities, bonds, American & European options, Dual Currency Deposits, swaps) hedge funds, ELN notes, IPO subscription.
Prepare payment instructions & update and monitoring clients’ spreadsheets (FX positions & DCI), securities transfer.
Answer phone calls and clients’ enquiries (market quotes, market information) & filing.
Client-focus driven, for example, client had requested for the outward/payment advices totalling 300 to 400 transactions (USD40 charges per advice) for both client’s individual and corporate accounts. Instead of asking backoffice to retrieve the advices, I have taken the initiative to retrieve the past transactions from period 2007 to 2011, otherwise, the client will have to pay USD8,000 plus for the charges, therefore,  it has helped client in cost savings..
My mum was not well and had undergone eye operation and there is no one to look after her at home as my sisters are all married. Quitting my job to look after my mum was the only option.
Marketing Assistant- Provide support to MD with NRI/ 1 senior RM with Greater China desk.
Provide funding for trades settlement (purchase of equities, bonds, American & European options, Dual Currency Deposits, swaps) hedge funds, ELN notes subscription.
Prepare payment instructions & update and monitoring clients’ spreadsheets.
Answer phone calls and clients’ enquiries(market quotes, market information) & filing.
There was restructuring in the greater China team and the NRI team. There was no clear direction if I could only cover Greater China (my preferred market).
Trust Administrator – Asia Pacific (Taiwan, Hong Kong based clients).
To perform trust administration, maintaining all trustees and admin records, preparing trustees resolutions and other doc accurately and timely in keeping with the requirements of the various legislations, distributions, administering trustees investments. etc.
To perform corporate secretarial duties, process payment instructions, account opening and account closure.
To Liaise with International Tax and Estate Planning Team of the bank, clients, advisors, relevant agents, service providers, accountants, auditors, tax agents, lawyers, relevant authorities, Client RM and trust centres.
Account opening, closure of account, credit card application.
Inputting of trades (equities, bonds, structured notes) using Avaloq system.
Provide funding for trades settlement (purchase of equities, bonds, American & European options, Dual Currency Deposits, swaps) hedge funds subscription (Orbita, Electus).
Credit card payment & application (topcard, amex card,world card).
Event co-ordination (F1 Grand Prix, Deepavali), compilation and mailing of festive cards.
Prepare payment instructions & update and monitoring clients’ spreadsheets.
Answer phone calls and clients’ enquiries(market quotes, market information) & filing.
Involve in new system rollout and to coach the less experienced and new CSOs.
My two bankers left the bank and had relocated to India. I was made redundant, in times of crisis, I could only manage to find a contract job with Merrill Lynch in my next employment.
After I had graduated from The University of London in 2005, while searching for a permanent position, I was under Contract Assignments with the following companies:.
(Left to pursue my tertiary degree with University of London).
(A) Central Services Unit (CSU, Consumer Banking Division).
Processing of daily unit trust instructions upon receipt from branches.
Faxing of daily unit trust placements to the respective fund/management companies.
(C) Customer Service Administrator (Credit Structuring, Corporate Division).
Accurate and timely processing of account opening applications for     individual/retail/corporate clients & closure of accounts.
Increase/reduce the trading limits for client/remisiers/dealers.
Documentation/Preparation of annual credit review for corporate and financial institutions.
Evaluation on the credit worthiness of all new clients (retails & corporate).
Interpretation of Financial Statements/Audit reports for corporate clients using CAMEO.
Performing trade entry using CLOB System & provide funding for trade settlement.
Credit evaluation of corporate accounts/financial review & handle customers’ enquiries.
(Customer Service, Current Account Department, Operations Support).
Handle payroll, Inter-bank Giro return, Direct Debit Authorisation, Standing instruction & audit/bank confirmation, cheques clearance.
Filing, stationery & requisition of fixed assets , maintain inventory records to ensure.
Opening of Accounts & processing of credit card applications, issuance of bankcards, loan applications.
Loan documentation, disbursement  & monitor loans’ instalments.
Review of individual and corporate accounts & analyse financial reports/statements.
Reason of leaving : To switch to banking from brokerage/securities sector.
CMFAS Module 1A/1B – Rules and Regulations for Dealing in Securities.
CMFAS Module 5 – Rules and Regulations for Financial Advisory Services.Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) Chartered Accountant.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University.
Financial Modelling and Infrastructure Advisory Assistant Manager.
Financial model build for an oil refinery in Vietnam. The scope of work involved building a flexible model incorporating multiple debt tranches in order to run different scenarios to assess the cash position of the refinery.
Business restructuring for an offshore & marine company in Singapore. The scope of work included building a financial model by incorporating different assumptions and scenarios which was used to present the projected financials to potential investors.
Debt restructuring for a shipping company in Singapore. The scope involved building scenarios and performing sensitivity analyses on the cash flow projections in order to provide debt restructuring options.
Feasibility study with regards to building a toll bridge in Myanmar. The scope of work included international benchmarking, assisting with the financial model build and financial analysis.
Financial model review for a buy-side bid for a portfolio of renewable power assets (geothermal, wind and hydro) in Philippines, which involved checking the model integrity.
Financial model review for a M&A acquisition involving two 600MW coal fired power plants in Philippines.
Financial model review for lenders involving a 225 MW CCGT Power Plant, which is the first project financed power plant in Myanmar. The clients include the sponsors and international lending consortium. (ADB, IFC and prominent commercial banks).
Review of a portfolio of renewable assets for a PE fund. The review covered asset valuation, FIT/merchant tariff, financing rates, macroeconomic assumptions, reasonableness of capital costs, construction timeline and O&M contracts.
Led the completion of audits of companies in the Real Estate (REITs and property developers) , Consumer and Tourism Industry by working closely with clients, partners, managers and associates.
Conducting industry research to understand their business natures, the environment in which they operate and current industry trend.
Performed in-depth analysis on the company’s financial statement by performing test of details and analytical procedures to ensure accounts give a true and fair view of the company’s state of affairs.
Analysis and comparison of key financial ratios to determine the relevant performance of companies across different periods.
Evaluated the appropriateness and reasonableness of the accounting policies & estimates used by the management.Sound understanding of general financial markets with actual experience in investment trading.
Strong aptitude and desire to learn new skills, ideas and technologies.
Adaptable in demanding situations, fast-learner, analytical, client-focused and solution-oriented.
Excellent communication, organization and relationship-building skills. Fosters a knowledge-sharing environment.
Works well independently or with a team; effectively manages multiple tasks in tight deadlines.
Senior Investment Data Operations Specialist - Fund Services.
Ensured that key pricing and reference data are completed efficiently in preparation of daily NAV calculation.
Supervised and performed quality check for 6-10 FTEs. Coached and trained analysts for their development.
Reviewed and monitored financial market information, FX, and index movement as related to price movements.
Acted as first point of contact in respect of daily valuation critical activities, audit requests or queries.
Proactively identified and analyzed recurring problems and risks.
Suggested and implemented improvements for efficiency and added controls.
Ad hoc tasks include bespoke client reporting, MIS, UAT, filing of daily audit packs.
Participation and initiation of projects that focused on audit readiness, data organization and presentation, statistical analysis, data mining, improvement of user interface design for user defined tools.
Ensured documentations are compliant to set policies; consolidated and verified all required records that resulted in the 100% passing of our annual audit reviews.
Refined the review of daily FX rates to ensure 100% audit readiness at any given time.
Redesigned the process of verifying and sourcing prices for bulk Fixed Income that reduced error incidence and cut processing time by 90%.
Strengthened the controls put in place for our ad hoc tasks to ensure backups are 100% audit compliant.
Remodelled the macro scripts of 7 out of 12 MS Excel user-defined tools which enhanced control and procedure.
Developed and maintained a localized self-service data search facility for the team which improved accurate and timely response to queries by 60-70%.
Recertified over 2000 investment funds to ensure all reference data are accurate and up to date.
Supported Thomson Reuters in delivering a broad range of financial content through the Thomson One platform.
Provided specialized customer support to analysts, researchers, and quants at the world's largest and most prominent investment firms, banks and hedge funds.
Successfully collaborated with internal and external parties including vendors, content specialists, developers and product managers to provide exceptional service.
Proactive involvement in the development of different tools and processes that promotes efficient workflow.
• Recognized by management for consistent productivity at >100% and 96-100% client service surveys.
• Mentored and coached team members on Global Market certifications to increase their Financial Markets  knowledge which has driven up client service satisfaction to 96%.
Provided banking and trading support in meeting the diverse financial needs of established and new clients.
Demonstrated knowledge of investments and financial markets and applied key principles appropriately to the individual client’s investment needs.
Traded investment products, including common and preferred stocks; call and put options; bonds and other individual fixed income investments.
Reviewed and validated client onboarding and offboarding, trade and account disputes, order settlements, rejected orders, margin calls, options strategies, order limits, etc.
Reduced the KYC risk of the firm by ensuring internal and external regulatory requirements are met.
Successfully obtained broker licenses 60 days into the role.
Lyceum of the Philippines University Manila       June 2007 - March 2010.
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Licenses, CRD #5824748.
Series 63 Uniform Securities Agent State Law Exam    October 2010.
Series 7 General Securities Representative Exam     September 2010.Provides compliance support to MAS-regulated institutions.
Provides both outsourced compliance and compliance advisory services to clients, including insurer, insurance brokers, capital market intermediaries, and FinTech companies.
Assists clients in setting up their compliance framework appropriate for their scale.
Conducts regulatory gap analyses of compliance policies and procedures.
Handles the account of Singapore’s first entrant to MAS’ regulatory sandbox regime.
Responsible for all MAS licence applications in the company.
Successfully represented 5 clients in obtaining a variety of licences from MAS, including capital markets services licences and insurance broking licence.
Currently handles more than 8 other accounts in applying for various licences such as remittance licences, capital markets services licences, and registration for fund management companies.
Advises on regulatory and compliance matters with focus on the Insurance Act, the Securities and Futures Act, the Financial Advisers Act, the Money-Changing and Remittance Businesses Act, regulations on Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT), and Stored Value Facilities.
Provides trainings on generic compliance matters and AML/CFT to clients.
Supervises a small team of analysts to ensure accurate and appropriate compliance services rendered to clients.
Provides compliance support to MAS-regulated institutions.
Provides both outsourced compliance and compliance advisory services to clients, including insurer, insurance brokers, capital market intermediaries, and FinTech companies.
Assists clients in setting up their compliance framework appropriate for their scale.
Conducts regulatory gap analyses of compliance policies and procedures.
Handles the account of Singapore’s first entrant to MAS’ regulatory sandbox regime.
Responsible for all MAS licence applications in the company.
Successfully represented 5 clients in obtaining a variety of licences from MAS, including capital markets services licences and insurance broking licence.
Currently handles more than 8 other accounts in applying for various licences such as remittance licences, capital markets services licences, and registration for fund management companies.
Advises on regulatory and compliance matters with focus on the Insurance Act, the Securities and Futures Act, the Financial Advisers Act, the Money-Changing and Remittance Businesses Act, regulations on Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT), and Stored Value Facilities.
Provides trainings on generic compliance matters and AML/CFT to clients.
Supervises a small team of analysts to ensure accurate and appropriate compliance services rendered to clients.
Supervised a portfolio of general (re)insurers by engaging them on their business developments, management oversight and risk controls.
Performed continuous risk assessments of (re)insurers based on onsite and offsite surveillance.
Onsite surveillance entails inspection work that reviewed the controls for pricing, underwriting, and claims processes of different business lines such as motor, and property reinsurance.
Offsite surveillance entails review of submitted reports and statutory returns such as stress test reports, and internal audit reports.
Reviewed stress test reports and conducted analysis of the submitted data on an industry level.
Participated in policy work relating to general insurance intermediaries.
Involved in the review of Payment Premium Framework, which is designed to improve efficiency in the collection of premiums for general insurance policies.
Participated in policy work relating to resolution of insurers in Singapore.
Involved in legislative work to enhance the resolution regime for insurers.
Provided comments for Financial Stability Board’s guidance paper on developing effective resolution strategies and plans for systemically important insurers.
Supervised a portfolio of general (re)insurers by engaging them on their business developments, management oversight and risk controls.
Performed continuous risk assessments of (re)insurers based on onsite and offsite surveillance.
Onsite surveillance entails inspection work that reviewed the controls for pricing, underwriting, and claims processes of different business lines such as motor, and property reinsurance.
Offsite surveillance entails review of submitted reports and statutory returns such as stress test reports, and internal audit reports.
Reviewed stress test reports and conducted analysis of the submitted data on an industry level.
Participated in policy work relating to general insurance intermediaries.
Involved in the review of Payment Premium Framework, which is designed to improve efficiency in the collection of premiums for general insurance policies.
Participated in policy work relating to resolution of insurers in Singapore.
Involved in legislative work to enhance the resolution regime for insurers.
Provided comments for Financial Stability Board’s guidance paper on developing effective resolution strategies and plans for systemically important insurers.
Operations Analyst in the Fixed Income Derivatives Middle Office Department.
Operations Analyst in the Fixed Income Derivatives Middle Office Department.
Assisted in validating trades for the department on a daily basis.
Validated regulatory reports for Credit Suisse on a monthly basis.
Took charge of a daily SGX dashboard to give a brief summary of SGX-cleared trades for Front Office.
Built a macro file to help save 3,120 mins/year to streamline a process.
Created 3 more macro files to help other departments to increase efficiency.
Assisted in validating trades for the department on a daily basis.
Validated regulatory reports for Credit Suisse on a monthly basis.
Took charge of a daily SGX dashboard to give a brief summary of SGX-cleared trades for Front Office.
Built a macro file to help save 3,120 mins/year to streamline a process.
Created 3 more macro files to help other departments to increase efficiency.
Worked closely with 2 established local Small Middle Enterprises.
Worked closely with 2 established local Small Middle Enterprises.
Worked closely with the top management including the managing directors.
Drafted a business proposal to help one company to promote its new green technology.
Conducted market research about branding of the other company.
Proposed recommendations to better position the company to different consumer groups.
Received high commendation from the top management for the work done.
Worked closely with the top management including the managing directors.
Drafted a business proposal to help one company to promote its new green technology.
Conducted market research about branding of the other company.
Proposed recommendations to better position the company to different consumer groups.
Received high commendation from the top management for the work done.
Bachelor of Business Administration (Second Upper Honours).
Bachelor of Business Administration (Second Upper Honours).
Organised Annual Dinner and Dance for close to 600 staff and guests.
Organised Annual Dinner and Dance for close to 600 staff and guests.CASS BUSINESS SCHOOL/SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY -  London/Singapore                        Sep 2013 – Sep 2014 Master of Science in Quantitative Finance ( A Joint Degree).
SARDAR PATEL UNIVERSITY– Vallabh Vidhyanagar, India                                                                                Aug 2005 – July 2009 Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology (First class).
Support portfolio allocation based on macroeconomic and sectoral analysis for approximately $250 Million managed fund portfolio.
Part of a two- member analyst team that managed approximately $30 Million in Security Advisory Services.
Identified undervalued companies with favourable fundamentals, solid economic moat and pricing power.
Analyzed past financial statements, developed pro-forma financial statements and built financial models to value companies.
Key Achievements: My current recommended portfolio is trading at more than 15% annually and one of my previously recommended stocks, TravelSky Technology, helped our clients to gain more than 45% returns in a short time frame.
Managed portfolio and selected undervalued Indian stocks to invest in; earned more than 20% average annual return.
Conducted fundamental analysis with information from companies’ financial reports, Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters and Economist Intelligence Unit.
Identified main business drivers and developed financial forecasts.
(Placed among the ‘Big 4’ most valuable IT services brands worldwide and 10th largest IT services provider) Team Leader - Technical CRM consultant.
Led, mentored and trained a team of 6 members in the CRM product development offshore team for a major European client, resulting in the stable and continuous project revenue of approximately $18 Million per year:.
Translated business requirements documents into technical design documents and created process workflows for the development team as well as assisted them with software development.
Key Achievement: Awarded ‘Team of the Month’, an award for the best team within the Account, in November 2012.
(Sager Solutions is an IT services provider company – an IT Business Startup).
Interacted with domestic and overseas potential clients and offered them IT services to suit their specific business needs.
Created business proposals to develop and execute business solutions.
Computer Skills: Visual Basic, C, C++, Java, SQL/PLSQL, JSP & Web Programming (J2EE), PeopleSoft CRM, Basic Linux Shell Scripting, Oracle, MySQL, MS Access,Bloomberg:.
Secured 98% in 1Z0-001 Introduction to Oracle: SQL® and PL/SQL.
Served as Chair Person (at College level) of ISTE (Indian Society for technology in education)  Fluent in English, Hindi and Gujarati languages.Oracle India Pvt. Ltd.: Oct 2013 – Sept 2016 Sales Operation Manager (West):.
Generating reports capturing the regional annual quota v/s achievements.
Helping the regional head in tracking the deals till closure by creating weekly updates by interacting with the sales team.
Creating charts giving data analysis to the Regional Head in terms of year-on-year growth, % achievement, market trends and reach-yield-frequency for quick retrieval and presenting to the higher management.
Coordinating with sales operations across line of business to understand their reporting and analysis strategies in order to standardize the role nationally.
Understanding the risks in the built-up deal and reporting to management in order for a solution to be provided which can be beneficial for the client and the company.
Microsoft Corporation India Pvt ltd: Dec 2011 Sept 2013 Sales Operations Manager (West):.
Working as a sales operation manager and in-charge of the delivery quality of West for Small and Mid-sized business (SMB) segment. West as a region includes Mumbai and Gujarat (West 1) rest of Maharashtra (West 2).
Interacting with HO at the beginning of every Year/Quarter/Month and weekly basis to discuss the Quota, Budget and forecast.
Attend calls with the team from all location for West to keep track of the progress and address issues where possible to raise them to higher management.
Keep a track of deals that flow into the system on a daily basis and make sure deals are tagged to the appropriate region/segment.
Interacting with sales ops from different regions to identify beneficial ways to do the daily activities.
Discuss with partner account managers and partner territory managers, issues and difficulties in regards to achieving the quota/forecast and identify ways to minimize the risk.
Keep track of the regional scorecard. Keep the region members in sync with the scorecard to attain 100% on each aspect.
Maintain a License tracker for customers who are non-compliant and prepare a point of action along with the Solution Account management team.
Appraise HO of the top performers to maintain motivation among the team to deliver consistently.
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) – E-serve: June 2010 – December 2011.
Participation in Pre-user Acceptance testing (UAT)activities - conference calls, overview sessions, walkthroughs, system demos, and any other forums with Business and other teams, concerned with the project.
Preparation of test summary document, Internal Checklist and V&V Matrix.
Working as part of the global team in implementation of Best Practice process.
Responsibilities include – creation of Business scenario matrix (BSM), test case matrix (TCM), script breakdown and calculations.
Working closely with clients in US, Dublin and Luxembourg to understand a day in life of the business and different functions in the system and their usage.
BSM’ include – realized/unrealized gain/loss,  book-cost adjustment, amortization got both bonds and equity.
Business Analyst (Remediation Project) – April 2008 – Jan 2009:.
Started as a business analyst with Citi group to resolve the distribution backlog for SLI (Standard Life Investments).
Primary responsibilities included clearing distribution backlog pending since 2005.
Calculation and providing estimate impacts of the distribution posting on the fund to the clients prior to posting the entries onto the system.
Once posting completed provide the actual impact to the valuations team to match with the tolerance of the fund.
Creating and maintaining MIS for managers and clients to track progress of the project.
After completing the Distribution project, joined the valuations teams and was responsible to carry out the pricing task for the external funds.
If funds are outside tolerance, investigate and resolve/provide backup for the same.
Apart for BAU, also carried out successful testing for changes to be made on the main frame system.
Responsible for resolving reconciliation breaks for 17 clients.
Providing possible solutions for the breaks to clients based in Luxembourg.
Implementation of MBS reconciliation and new stock reconciliation spreadsheet that assisted in creating a more systematic MIS.
Bachelor in Management Studies, Bhavan’s College, Mumbai university, Mumbai.
Diploma in International Banking & Finance, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, United Kingdom.Dedicated Financial Services Industry Professional with 11+ years of experience in the field of Asset Management Operations. Specialize in functional areas of Trade Management, Exception Management and Operations Risk Management.
Previously associated with Goldman Sachs Singapore and India as an Associate in Operations. My expertise includes Risk and Control Oversight, Reconciliation, Project Management, Business Continuity Program (BCP), Business Intelligence, Billing, Cash Management, Confirmation and Settlement of Global Listed and OTC Products. Passionate, Multi-tasking and Role Model with the strong PC, Coaching and Training, People Management Skills.
Manage and perform daily exception management for global custodians, validation of monthly net asset value (NAV) for fund administrators across Asia pacific clients for the team of 10 people. Risk coordinator for the team to assess all relevant controls are in place and mitigated.
Implemented the project to reduce the false positive exception from 100 to 0 to accomplish 5% reduction in total daily exceptions. Team utilized the capacity in capturing the real exceptions in reduced time frame.
Initiated and implemented the automation of AU$ liquid reserve investment for all Australia mutual funds to provide more return to the clients’ portfolio.
Initiated the project to save 300 min/month by automating the conversion of raw files from fund admin to system friendly upload format using Alteryx tool. This helped the team to reduce manual intervention in file preparation and better capacity utilization.
Implemented the migration of fund admin reconciliation process for more than 100 client accounts from Singapore to Bengaluru and provided the relevant training to the respective teams. This was successfully done and there were no concerns/issues raised by both internal and external stake holders.
Part of the Shanghai-Hong Kong stock connect project and worked with both internal and external stakeholders to provide the relevant operational support before the execution of trade by business. There were no issues occurred and the trade volume started increasing within a short span of time.
Associate – Lead Specialist, Trade Management, GSAM 2011 – 2012.
Monitor the confirmation and settlement process for equity, fixed income and derivative products across Asia markets including Japan and Australia.
First team to onboard the confirmation and settlement process for Australia equity, fixed income and derivative products to electronic platform to support the increased transaction volume from business to generate more revenue.
Initiated and implemented the setup of Master Confirmation Agreement (MCA) for all Asian brokers to onboard them to centralized vendor platform to support the increased volume of transaction in confirmation process for derivative products.
Part of the project team to onboard the cash collateral margin process for one of the Japan client who wanted to trade in OTC derivatives products.
Migrated the trade management function from Bengaluru to Singapore to provide the local support to Singapore business to gain the time zone advantage.
Analyst – Technical Specialist, Trade Management, GSAM  2009 – 2010.
Part of global trade management team handling confirmation and settlement for Japan, EMEA and US for wide variety of products. Has experience in providing the operations support for hedge fund as well.
Supported the successful testing and production release of auto trade allocation tool called trade director for one of the hedge fund. Business was happy due to the reduction in manual touch point and increased volume in trading.
Pilot on the migration of Tokyo trade management functions from Bengaluru to Singapore to provide better support due to time zone differences. Positive endorsement from both internal and external stakeholder regarding the success of the migration.
Performing the daily reconciliation of closing price, position and mark to market pertains to Future Clearing Merchant (FCM) and provide the data to the margin team for margin call/recall. Also, has experience in handing the settlement of swaps and collateral.
Performing the daily reconciliation of invoices pertains to accounts receivables and payables and providing the data to the collection agent to collect the cash from vendors.
Visveswaraya Technological University (VTU) - Masters of Business Administration, Finance, Year of Graduation – 2005.
Mangalore University - Bachelor of Commerce, Accounting and Computer Science.
Has experience in handling the applications like Markitwire, DTCC, Invest1, MS-Office, Tempo and BI tool called Alteryx.
Provided training to more than 50 individuals on both internal and external applications pertains to critical processes.
Attended more than 10 community team work programs organized by Goldman Sachs across Singapore and India. Visited and provided the social services to the organizations like SAVH, MINDS, SADeaf, Asha Niketan etc.•   Cellular Number: (+65) 9239-7261    • Email Address: huanzhi@gmail.com.
▪ Date of Graduation: Feb 2013 Competitions / Certifications.
▪ OCBC Securities Young Investor Programme (YIP) Ambassador (2009 – 2010).
▪ CACS I, CACS II, CMFAS Module 3 (Fund Management), Module 4A (Corporate Finance Advisory), Module 6 (Exempted).
Distribution of Private Equity (PE), Real Estate (RE) strategies & Direct Investments (DI) to Wealth Management’s HNW/UHNW/GFOs clients.
Responsible for leading new PE fund launches, providing client portfolio reviews on past PEs, RE and DI offerings for Singapore based Client Advisors and their clients; Conducts private equity educational training to HNW/UHNW country teams and portfolio specialists. Achieved top producer status among APAC teams for UBS’s first proprietary multi-vintage private equity solution fund raising at first close – contributed $50m to overall ~$250m raised. High client conversion rate in closing sizable PE fund commitments at meetings.   Leveraged on big data and developed databases, tracking sheets and other information sources to track, monitor and analyze sales performance, client contacts and formulated sales strategies to promote penetration of Alternative Investments within clients’ portfolio.
▪ Liaised with investment research specialists and financial engineering team in FundQuest Advisor (FQA) Paris and London, to build tailor made propositions, RFPs, (funds buy-lists selection, model portfolio, risk due diligence assessment) for institutional clients (sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, Singapore statutory boards, etc) in Asia Pacific. Pivotal participation in winning first.
▪ Business development: Established working relationship with coverage teams across APAC, uncovering financial institutional markets; Clients prospecting: Fund conferences networking & cold calling; Conduct roadshows, sales pitches to demonstrate FQA capabilities.
▪ Business management: Obtained South Korea FSS licence for FQA activities with Shinhan Bank (BNPP IP Joint Venture).
▪ Product Advisory & Development: Provided FoF strategies proposals based on Europe's research analysts’ recommendations to APAC institutional clients; Developed new service offerings & marketing materials to meet APAC clients’ needs.
▪ Assisted the funds sales team by preparing standard pitch books, marketing materials, RFPs & presentations.
▪ Supported road shows for products such as the DWS Invest RREEF Global Real Estate Securities to private banks.
▪ Worked closely with the Deutsche RREEF & Private Wealth teams in launching new products to South Asia distributors and key clients. ▪ Fund updates/analytics – Morningstar analysis (identified new products opportunities) & peer group updates.
▪ Identified Thailand based private investors for the issuance of US$5 million corporate bonds.
▪ Pitched for and facilitated a business meeting with a potential investor from Thailand.
▪ Structured an alternative investment tailored to a private investor’s risk appetite via a Convertible Loan Agreement.
▪ Executed & participated in the development of Citigold and Citigold Private Client marketing programs.
▪ Pioneered Internet-based car buying concept in Singapore (http://joompr.com), featured in The Business Times on 16th March 2011, and online media outlets like AsiaOne, ST701 by SPH and DailyDealMedia.
▪ Pitched for and won mandates to market cars and automotive related products from large and established companies. ▪ Partnered with one of Singapore’s largest daily deal websites in the provision of automotive related products.
▪ Volunteered at Asian Women’s Welfare Association (AWWA) Lantern Festival with on stage Chinese Violin (Erhu) performance. (2009).
▪ Charity Piano Performance for the elderly at The Heeren with Music Clef Pte Ltd. (2008).
▪ Achieved 3rd in 2009 NUS Inter-Faculty Games Men Singles Bowling and Overall 3rd for team. (2009).
▪ Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, VBA Programming, Outlook).
▪ Proficient in operating Bloomberg Terminal, Launchpad 2010, Morningstar Direct, Lotus Notes.
▪ Proficient in both verbal and written forms of English and Mandarin (Distinction Award in HSK Chinese Proficiency Test by Beijing Language and Culture University).Languages: English (Fluent), Mandarin (Fluent), French (Basic).
Databases used: Wood Mackenzie, CAPA, Ascend Online, Bloomberg, FactSet, ThomsonOne, Factiva, Dealogic, Mergermarket.
Interests: Scuba diving (Certified PADI International Open Water Diver), Poker (Winner of HEC’s Texas Hold’em Poker 2012), Athletics.
Worked on 6 deals, including sell-side and buy-side M&A, leveraged buyouts and equity financings; prepared valuation analyses, built merger and LBO models, and presentation materials.
o US$16bn Privatization of Global Logistic Properties (Integrated real estate logistics developer).
− Advised Board on valuation such as SOTP/ DCF; final offer price of S$3.38 represented ~80% premium and exceeded highest ever closing price since listing.
− Evaluated buyers’ offers through ability-to-pay analysis for strategics and IRR analysis for financial sponsors  o Strategic review of an Indonesian tower company (M&A, debt and equity financing).
− Built a merger model, solving for pro-forma combination and accretion/ dilution analysis with various targets.
− Constructed a credit model for loan refinancing, and performed credit/ ratings analysis to determine optimal debt headroom.
− Prepared investor presentation for an equity placement, including industry landscape and peer benchmarking  o US$900m Cross border buy-side M&A of Super Group (Singapore listed F&B company).
− Conducted DCF valuation, potential synergies and LBO analysis; involved in project management and coordinated multiple work streams.
o US$1.5bn Asset divestment of ENGIE’s coal-fired power plants in Indonesia and India.
− Ran sell-side M&A involving preparation of seller’s model, information memorandum, buyer selection, due diligence and SPA negotiations.
− Analysis included transaction structuring to maximize value for both assets (e.g. tax consideration, optimal capital structure and capital management).
Supported the team in financial modeling and putting together materials for client presentation.
o Potential US$1.5bn take private pitch of a regional agriculture company and alternative merger of its subsidiaries to streamline capital structure.
− Constructed a football field which triangulated LBO valuation, trading comparables and precedent transactions − Built a LBO model with sensitivity analysis for the proposed take private.
Investment Banking Winter Analyst (Power, Transportation and Infrastructure team).
Created an information memorandum for an airline sell-side mandate.
Independently built an airline financial model that was used for internal financing purposes.
Assisted in originating and creating of pitch books for deals in the power and transportation industry.
  Kept abreast of key economic events, performed equity screening and pitched investment ideas    Automated daily tracking of positions and FX exposure of assets and daily portfolio reconciliation.
Double Degree in Bachelor of Business Administration (Finance) and Bachelor of Arts (Economics).
Achievements: 2014 National Stock Pitch Challenge (Champion), CFA Research Challenge 2013 (Finalist), NUS Shell Business Case Competition 2011 (Semi-Finalist), Language Immersion Award 2011 to Institut National des Sciences Appliquée de Lyon, French Language and Studies (Level 4).
Final Year Project: Consulting practicum with Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (“GIC”).
Student Exchange Program – Business Management and Finance.
  Enrolled in Grande École modules – Asset and Portfolio Management, Corporate Finance, Strategy.
Pioneered NUS Investment Banking Club to help students aspiring to work in finance.
Established mentorship program with a vision of forming a professional finance alumni network.
Conducted weekly technical workshops on valuation and financial modeling to c.80 students.Fast Learner, Responsible, Good Analyzer, Good at Troubleshooting.
Elementary Math, Combined Science and Principles of Accounts.
Maintaining system platform (Paladyne), streamlining platforms to met daily requirements.
I.e creating excel worksheets macro to use data from platform to run numbers and produce risk sheets as per directors’ requirement, creating templates so that Bloomberg can draw data from the platform to aid trade managers in their day to day trading.
Ad-hoc duties to research and source for suppliers and contacts for current developments.
Data Entry for HSBS Insurance Annual Report, Update Monthly Asset Allocation Data, Simple regression analysis (back testing), Other miscellaneous admin work.
Aid the project officer in planning and organizing upcoming events (i.e. Scinemation 2011), liaise with vendors, raising RO and bill orders, cold calling and miscellaneous admin work.
Aid the conducting staff in the operation and safety of the game play. Handles people of all ages.
Setting-up and Tearing down of the event booth, attend to the manufacturer’s needs and to briefly explain the product to the customers.
To set-up conference rooms, time keeping and to ensure delegates that are entering the conference room with the correct pass.
Checking and entering of data for Import/Export LC and IBC Documents,  Monitor Payment dates, Sending Swift, Chase Payments and CRM.
Ensure that all the Facilities are in working condition and to provide the delegates with facilities support.
Helped to design and create a Handbook for Trainees in the Institute.
In Charge-of and Assisting the Zonal ICs in ensuring the execution of Section Inspection.
Created an Automated Summary Sheet Page using Excel Sheet which increases efficiency when producing paper work.
Ms Office : Ms Word, Excel (VBA), Expression Web, PowerPoint, Outlook.
Ms Office : Ms Word, Excel (VBA), Expression Web, PowerPoint, Outlook.EDUCATION Saint Mary’s College of California, Moraga, CA                      May 2013.
EXPERIENCE Lighthorse Asset Management Ltd.    Hong Kong                       December 2016 – Present.
Reports directly to COO on managing investor relations, marketing efforts and capital raising for long-short fundamental hedge fund.
Produces research reports, market commentaries regularly internally and externally.
Updates marketing materials including fund performance, attribution and risk reports, PPM, DDQ.
Works on project management with COO on operational efficiency for fund accounting, trade settlement, compliance and regulatory obligations.
Institutional Sales – Covering Tier 1 Investment Banks, Private Wealth and Asset Management Firms.
Identified clients’ needs and goals to sell financial solutions on a firm-wide level including trading solutions, order-portfolio management and risk management systems.
Engaged with senior level management to propose business plans and carry out projects to enhance firm-wide system and performance efficiency.
Conducted sector research and competitor analysis to identify market trends leading to financial product solution sales opportunities.
Maintained internal CRM database and qualify sales prospects to reflect in system pipeline.
Expert in using Bloomberg terminal and Excel API languages.
Prepared confirmation and documentation for new treasury transactions.
Led project on designing and implementing operational procedures for Hong Kong Trade Repository requirements.
Collaborated with compliance team for new products approval.
Worked closely with front office to ensure front-to-back trade flow.
Monitored trade entry and life-cycle through internal systems and enhanced system efficiency through automation.
Prepared position P&L reports and handled customer enquiries for related matters.
Provided professional courteous service in processing a variety of day-to-day customer transactions.
Identified customer needs and match needs with appropriate product or service.
Referred customer inquiries regarding other financial products to personal bankers.
Achieved 10% higher than the weekly target customer engagement rate consistently.
SKILLS Mac platforms, Windows, MS PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, Project, Bloomberg Terminal, Project Management and Relationship Management. Bilingual Cantonese/English; fluent in Mandarin.Passionate about football; Represented University (LSE) and College (Hwa Chong Junior.
LONDON SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS AND POLITICAL SCIENCE                   LONDON, UK.
BSc Economics, with key focus on economics, accounting and corporate finance  Upper Second Class Honours.
Pan-Asian private equity firm focusing on real estate and healthcare. Responsibilities include execution of investments (valuation, due diligence, structuring, negotiation) and equity/debt capital raisings across Greater China and Singapore. Transactions include:.
Attempted S$45m acquisition of prime freehold commercial property in Singapore o  Performed valuation analysis using DCF and precedent transaction comparables o  Proposed investment structure for equity raising and drafted investment memorandum.
S$300m senior debt financing and equity capital raised for mixed-use residential/commercial redevelopment project in Singapore (Thong Sia Building).
Liaised with consortium of two banks to raise S$300m of senior loans for acquisition and construction financing of redevelopment project.
Structured and negotiated deal terms with institutional and HNW investors for equity raising of redevelopment project.
Developed financial model of property to perform valuation and returns analysis.
US$280m equity and debt capital raised for subsidiary under parent portfolio company.
(Fullerton Health) to fund Greater China healthcare investments  o  Structured and negotiated terms of respective investments from institutional cornerstone investors (CITIC Capital and GIC), in form of equity and convertible bond subscriptions.
o  Formulated Greater China healthcare expansion strategy, business plan and valuation.
MACQUARIE INFRASTRUCTURE AND REAL ASSETS (MIRA)                      LONDON, UK Associate.
Global alternative asset manager specialising in infrastructure and other real asset funds. Responsibilities include execution of investments (deal screening, valuation, due diligence, structuring, negotiation), refinancings, divestments and asset management of portfolio investments across Europe. Transactions include:.
o Led and managed sale process with external advisers (legal, tax, technical) and internal counsels; Successfully completed sale of asset at c.40% above internal equity valuation.
€300m acquisition of Italian renewable developer (Sorgenia Green Srl)  o  Prepared investment business plan and developed LBO model to assess/support acquisition process; Conducted financial, tax and technical due diligence of target.
Attempted £300m public listing of UK portfolio energy firm on London Stock Exchange o  Determined IPO pricing range through calculation and financial analysis of key fund parameters (including NAV, yield, IRR); Evaluated alternative value realisation strategies including M&A trade sale and high-yield financing scenarios.
Attempted €380m public takeover of French renewable energy developer (Theolia S.A.) on Euronext Paris.
o  Determined takeover offer price through valuation and due diligence of public listed target, including building of LBO model valuing operational asset base and development projects, analysis of public financial statements and direct discussions with CEO & CFO.
Other transactions include:  o  £200m high-yield bond issuance by UK energy firm (MEIF Renewables Energy UK Plc) o  €115m high-yield bond issuance by Swedish heating service provider (Varmevarden AB)  o  €235m acquisition of Swedish heating service provider (Varmevarden AB).
Portfolio asset manager of Varmevarden AB and French wind portfolio.
o  Main liaison between shareholder (MIRA) and the respective senior management teams  o  Ongoing monitoring of portfolio assets, with responsibility for quarterly valuation reporting, budgeting, business development and formulation of management incentive plans.Mobile Number: (852) 6698-5903 Email: vivian.ngoh@gmail.com.
A strategic thinker with a keen perspective of the business environment and exemplary interpersonal, communication and analytical skills.
Dedicated worker with a strong ability to drive client excellence.
Focused leader who is unfazed by new challenges and is committed to ensure unity and excellence of the team.
Cohen & Steers Asia Limited, Vice President                     Jan 2015 – Present.
Responsible for delivering real asset strategies to prospects and consultants.
Focused on ensuring best-in-class service for Asia ex. Japan clients.
Highly skilled in effective client communication, understanding their pain points and putting together best fit solutions Achievements:.
Led inaugural RFP deal for prominent Singapore institution.
Played important role in winning a landmark deal from one of Asia’s top pension funds.
Garnered additional top-up allocation from existing client through excellent investment performance and best-in-class client service.
Led a team of over ten client service managers in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Focused on driving client excellence in the Greater China region amongst asset owners and global fund managers.
Effectively localized client servicing function for Hong Kong clients.
Responsible for driving organic growth, connecting the dots and delivering the firm in its entirety Achievements:.
Built brand awareness by presenting the bank’s custody solutions at the BNY Mellon Asset Servicing Seminar, attended by over 60 prospects and clients.
Strengthened client coverage model through localization of client service function in Hong Kong.
Pivotal in implementing new products and services, such as Deutsche Bank Harvest ETF which is the first of its kind in the market.
Effected a tremendous improvement in a key client relationship and was lauded for the dedication and willingness to go the extra mile for the client.
Led sales deals and ran RFP process for prominent global fund managers and asset owners.
Responsible for client on-boarding and implementation in Greater China.
Hosted client delegations & prospects in Hong Kong to inculcate a deeper understanding of the BNY Mellon business Achievements:.
Spearheaded a sales deal where BNY Mellon was mandated despite being priced 30% higher than competition.
Successfully implemented two government entities in the region.
Successfully delivered exponential growth in assets under custody for a platinum client through multi-business solution offering and exceptional client service.
JP Morgan Chase Bank (JPM), Asst Vice President                                 Jul 2010 – Mar 2011.
Skilled in presenting JPM Accounting Services material to clients.
Successfully played the role of a single point of contact for North Asia clients by analyzing client requirements and implementing client solutions Achievements:.
Successfully took on a highly reputable pension service client.
Played pivotal roles in client education and sharing best practices knowledge.
Bank of New York Mellon, Vice President (APAC Fund Services)                      May 2005 – Jun 2010.
Led a team of 11 that services a local client with Daily NAV and Monthly Valuation reporting.
Communicated closely with clients to ensure optimal client satisfaction.
Led a team of 5 that services Chinese clients as a Global Custodian.
Liaised directly with Chinese clients to ensure that the terms of the Memorandum of Operations are fulfilled.
Skilled in customizing Chinese language reports in accordance to clients’ requirements Achievements:.
Launched the first Chinese Qualified Domestic Institutional Investor (QDII) fund in September 2007.
Successfully took on a highly reputable sovereign wealth client.
Senior Investment Accountant (Project Team)                           Feb 2007 – Nov 2007.
Rolled out the bank’s inaugural IAS39 compliant accounting reports.
Extensive involvement in troubleshooting of glitches in accounting system and inaccuracies of valuation figures.
Developed test plans for new client conversion project to take on assets from the incumbent custodian unto the bank’s accounting platform Achievements:.
Awarded 3 months Performance Bonus in year 2006, which is given to the highest performing bracket of the department.
Successfully managed a client conversion from its incumbent custodian.
Developed a best-fit business plan based on client’s requirements and accounting system’s limitations.
Conducted detailed User Acceptance Testing to ensure accurate valuation reports.
Senior Investment Accountant (Deputy Team Leader)                         Jun 2006 – Oct 2006.
In charge of training and nurturing of junior and newly recruited staff.
Liaised extensively with in-house relationship managers and client services to ensure that the Service Level Agreements with respective clients are fulfilled Achievements:.
Awarded a “Special Incentive Bonus” in year 2005, which was only awarded to 5% of the entire department.
Investment Accountant (Acting Team Leader)                          Nov 2005 – Mar 2006.
Led a team of 8 that provides daily net asset valuations (NAV) for clients’ reporting purposes.
In charge of validating team’s valuation statements to ensure accurate and timely NAV reporting.
Corresponded with fund managers and clients to resolve any reporting issues.
Responsible for reconciling clients’ portfolio valuation reports.
Disciplined in securities trading such as bonds, equities, derivatives, asset backed securities and corporate actions.
Proficient in handling research databases such as Bloomberg, Lexis Nexis and Dun & Bradstreet   Fluent in both spoken and written English and Mandarin. Conversant in Cantonese.
Co-led the basketball team to the finals of the National Schools Basketball Championship ‘A’ Division.
Praised for being a focused leader with great determination.375 South End Avenue, Apt 3M, New York, NY 10280 | (646) 409-8264 | seanjw.oh@outlook.com.
Citigroup Inc., New York – Investment Banking Analyst (Retail)    Nov 2015 – Present.
Covered the Consumer & Retail, Home Building and Building Products (until Apr 2016) verticals.
Modeling experience: Financing models, LBO models and combination merger models.
Other: Performed traditional comparable companies and precedent transactions analyses, collaborated with clients to produce marketing and positioning materials.
Buy-Side Advisory: M&A advisory to Onex Partners on its $1.365bn LBO of Save-A-Lot, a national discount grocery chain.
Performed store-level LBO, DCF, precedent transactions, trading comparables analyses.
Created dynamic operating model to analyze multiple store-level operating scenarios: SSS growth, store openings and closings to achieve correct intrinsic valuation.
Sell-Side Advisory: On-going M&A advisory to a regional grocery chain on its $350mm sale.
Performed LBO, DCF, precedent transactions, trading comparables analyses.
Working with management to develop standalone financial projections based on industry trends, market share forecasts and macroeconomic factors.
Analyzed valuation through multiple scenarios of banner and store remodeling, as well as sale leaseback to gain a.
Sell-Side Advisory: On-going M&A advisory to a national department store on its ~$50mm sale of Japanese eCommerce asset.
Performed DCF, precedent transactions, trading comparables analyses.
Working with management to develop marketing and positioning materials.
Initial Public Offering: $332mm IPO of Forterra, a multi-national bricks, pressure and gravity pipes and precast manufacturer.
Performed DCF, SOTP, precedent transactions, trading comparables analyses.
Analyzed return profile of various exit strategies, to unlock valuation from timing, scale and geographical benefits and gain a 0.5-1.5x multiple uplift.
Prepared RFP materials including IPO matrices and illustrative sell-down schedule determining investment returns.
Citigroup Inc., New York – Investment Banking Summer Analyst (Consumer & Retail)    Jun 2015 – Aug 2015.
Covered the Consumer & Retail, Home Building and Building Products verticals.
Sell-Side Advisory: M&A Advisory to Cemex, a multi-national building products company, on its gypsum distribution divestiture.
Disaggregated 3 non-core, margin-dilutive assets from N.A. cement business.
Performed DCF, precedent transactions, trading comparables and bid analyses.
Conducted industry and economic research to support potential investment thesis as part of marketing materials.
S&P Capital IQ, New York – Part-time Analytics Consultant    Sep 2014 – May 2015.
Analyzed 500,000 businesses’ data trends to critique the explanatory power of current credit risk models.
Formulated new evaluation methods and synthesized key drivers of explanatory power to develop a ‘best-in-class’ model.
Columbia University – M.S. in Management Science and Engineering (GPA: 3.92)    Aug 2014 – Aug 2015  Relevant courses: Value Investing, Corporate Finance, Capital Markets and Investments.
University College London – B.S. in Economics (1st Class Honors – Highest attainable)    Sep 2011 – Jun 2014.
 GRE: Math (168/170), Verbal (160/170), Analytical Writing (5/6); SAT II: Math II (800), Physics (800), Chemistry (780).
Technical Fluencies: Bloomberg, Capital IQ, FactSet, Mergermarket, Office, R (Novice).
Interests: APBRmetrics; Basketball; Muay Thai boxing; Value Investing (Managed PA for 5 years); Weight Lifting Immigration Status: H-1B Work Visa (starting Oct 2016).Trader with accounting and audit background. Fast learner, highly versatile and open to new opportunities. Highly effective at managing stakeholders and working in a high-stress environment. Always inspiring people – peers, juniors, superiors alike – to work towards a common goal by displaying enthusiasm and a positive attitude. Character referees available.
Proficient in MS Office Applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word).
Interests include Basketball, Poker, Chinese chess and History.
Performed research on macro environment, fundamentals of companies and examine price action to establish profitable trading positions.
Established risk parameters and strategies to avoid extensive loss in unforeseen market conditions.
Used in-depth understanding of various derivatives to gain additional edge in trading.
Continually provided useful suggestions and feedback to improve algorithms and trading strategy.
Consistently profitable with positive returns over two years, including a record quarter of S$150k.
Specialised in the financial audit of Real Estate, Consumer & Tourism, including Property Funds and Hotels.
Responsible for timely delivery of full statutory financial audits and agreedupon procedures.
Inspired and led multiple teams on various engagements as senior-in-charge.
Displayed ability to think out of the box while working under strict timelines. An example includes proposing new audit methods which improved efficiency and reduced man-hours significantly.
Effectively managed multiple key stakeholders in engagements by understanding the client’s needs and timeline, managing the partner’s expectations and coaching junior associates in the team. This was possible only through active listening and clear communication.
Demonstrated good time management skills and ability to juggle multiple engagements at the same time.
Achieved “Exceptional Performance” in performance appraisals for both FY12/13 & FY13/14.
Awarded KPMG Ambassador Award in 2012 for outstanding service.
Awarded KPMG Service Excellence Team Award (Bronze) in 2012 for.
 Gained exposure to business operations of investment holdings and hospitality related services.
Acquired soft skills in communications and customer service.
Gained ability to answer tough questions in a tactful manner.
Singapore Armed Forces: Chemical Biological Radiological Defense Specialist.
Awarded the Silver Bayonet (One of the highest honours given to a specialist).
Service Learning – UNACAS-Cambodia Youth Expedition Project.
  Built a basic concrete house in 10 days in a poverty-stricken area and taught English to children.
Nanyang Business School, Accountancy & Business Club: Committee Member.
Extensive involvement in the management committee in planning and.
Organized Inter-School Games 08/09 which fostered stronger bonds amongst the students.
Initiated and headed organizing committee for a night cycling event with a successful turnout of more than 200 student cyclists.
Tri-University Freshman Orientation Camp:  Vice-Chairperson.
Spearheaded inaugural tri-university freshman orientation camp attended by more than 200 freshmen.
Led a committee of 40 across three universities to successfully plan and execute the camp.
Hwa Chong Institution Basketball Team: Executive Committee Member (Honorary Secretary).
Represented the state in 8th ASEAN Schools Basketball Championships held in Thailand in year 2004.
Awarded National Colours (Certificate of Achievement) in year 2004 for outstanding performance in basketball.
Raffles Institution Basketball Team: Executive Committee Member (Honorary Secretary).
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University.Deal origination, research and analysis of new investment opportunities based on market, segment and investment mandate. Market and industry monitoring and updates. Financial statement analysis, investment memorandum and presentation preparation. Leading several due diligence projects. Overseeing portfolio companies and supporting entrepreneurs with resources. Nurturing internal business group synergies and participating in cross-functional deals and projects. Spearheaded the creation of an investment scorecard and internal research/due diligence memos on potential investee companies, both utilized by senior management on their decision-making for potential startups.
Focus on Consumer Internet, Health & Wellness, Media & Entertainment and Social Impact/Gender Equality (UN SDG) sectors.
Mandarin localization: Translation of Eng language materials (in-part or full), liaising with notarized translators and Chinese legal counsel.
Working on structuring deals around micro- to mid-cap companies and their listing on secondary exchanges.
USD150m Business combination of Media and Entertainment properties into Group structure (pre-NASDAQ) o Articulating value of client companies, timeline, milestones in investor presentations along with other financial advisors, participating in deal process (kick-off, DD etc.) research of selected precedent transactions for comparables, assisted CFO in preparing financial estimates. • USD100m RTO of Nutraceutical companies into OTC-listed shell into Group structure o Worked with senior management in structuring of debt instrument for ownership of OTC company, led financial DD on shell company, created and circulated research memos, created forward looking projections for use in investor presentations.
Undisclosed Consumer internet/social networking platform (listed on ASX) sale to US company (OTC:BB) o  Led due diligence process, management of data room and making of reference calls to company management.
Management of global projects such as the Half the World Global Literati Award, for which she is the Project Director. Spearheading strategic, operational day-today of the award, including investor and sponsorship relations, content and advertising strategy, managing IT vendors.
The  world’s  first  multi-content type social  media  action  platform,  in the  advertising  and  movement  marketing  space. Recruited into the founding team to build up our Singapore presence from scratch, in collaboration with our APAC team. Establishing and executing strategies for both Consumer and Client-facing portions of the business (B2B2C). UX/UI product development for the online platform. Spearheaded marketing and user-growth initiatives to shape platform community and increase user engagement. Achievements include increasing Singapore user count by 35,000 during summer 2014.
Bachelors of Business Administration (Accountancy) & specialization in Marketing.
Vice-President of 1st Student Council, NUS UTown College of Alice and Peter Tan.
Student Welfare Director, 24th Management Committee, NUS Business School.
Relevant Courses: Business Policy & Strategy (A), Asia Business Environment (A-), Leadership and Ethics (A-), Management and Org. (B+).
Languages: Fluent in English and Mandarin Chinese Additional Certification & Training:.
Associate Member, Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA);.
Business and Financial Modelling, Wharton Business School, University of Pennsylvania (via Coursera)  Interests: Films, Pop Culture, Music, Yoga.