11 years experience in Asset Management, Private Equity, Fund Raising, Equity and Debt Advisory, Islamic Investments, Project Finance and Institutional Sales.
Expert in identifying projects/deal origination, due diligence and execution. Marketing, placements, forming syndications, project finance and structuring Equity/Debt products are core competencies.
Executed private equity, fund raising and advisory mandates in excess of AED 1 billion.
Advised and managed both discretionary & non discretionary investment portfolios exceeding AED 1 billion. Exposure to both buy and sale of investments across asset classes.
Experienced in launching funds, advisory business and institutional/private banking investment products. Worked with local and foreign financial institutions on marketing, promotion & distribution of such products.
Extensive experience and knowledge of investment analysis, market research, valuations and financial modeling. Valued companies having market cap ranging upto US$ 35bn.
Strong business relationships with 300+ Institutional investors, SWFs, Banks, Holding companies, Family Offices and Funds across GCC and internationally.
Excellent leadership qualities with exceptional communication and presentation abilities.
Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from University of Mumbai, 2005. Specialization- Finance. Secured First Class in both years.
Master Financial Planner (MFP) from American Academy of Financial Management, USA.
Bachelors in Commerce (Accountancy & Finance) from University of Mumbai, 2003.
Director - Investments & Business Development with ProBiz Capital, Dubai (June 2010- Present).
Primary activities include corporate financial & investment advisory, deal origination & execution and institutional business development.
Deal Origination: Generate new business opportunities by identifying companies where investments/fund raising/advisory/ project financing are required. Collaborate with other bankers and advisors. Prepare proposals, pitches & mandate letters, conduct due diligence and lead the execution. Negotiate exclusivity for deals and sign client mandates.
Corporate Advisory and Financing: Identify companies seeking capital through equity or debt route for expansion/acquisition/restructuring purposes. Provide advisory on raising finance from international/ regional bank syndication and financial institutions. Develop financing plans; negotiate structure and placement with investors and banks. Deal size ranges from US$ 10million - 300million. Have originated and completed transactions exceeding AED 900million p.a.
Fund Distribution and Placement: Advice local and international financial institutions on the strategy, development, structure and placement of retail, private and institutional investment products. Establish distribution partners and create marketing plan. Conduct roadshows to raise capital for reputed international fund houses. Executed fund raising transactions of US$ 550 million.
Asset Management: Provide investment advisory, valuation services, risk analysis & buy/sale recommendations to institutional investors on their investment/treasury portfolios. Portfolio size exceeds AED 1 billion. Clients include top holding companies & family offices in UAE/GCC.
SELL Mandates:  Enable institutions to exit their private/co-investments by identifying third party investors for such funds or holdings. Have sourced and executed transactions above AED 1 billion within UAE. Includes Private Equity, Secondaries, Funds and Real Estate investments.
Valuations: Prepare and supervise investor presentations, financial and valuation models, feasibility studies, industry reports, etc. Supervise and lead the team of analysts. Review and preparation of legal documents and term sheets.
Build & manage investor relationships for effective deal closure. Established network of over 300 institutional investors including SWFs, funds, family offices, banks & investment companies in GCC. Understand & work around their investment mandates.
Establish tie-ups with leading local & international banks and investment houses for promotion, distribution & sale of financial products to institutions & HNIs.
Attend conferences and meetings with investors, clients and prospective partners locally and internationally. Build and maintain healthy professional rapport to aid business development.
Create and execute long term marketing strategies and partnerships for effective brand building and lead generation. Managing advertising, media, awards, conferences, etc.
Liaise with key internal/external stakeholders for legal, commercial & operational due diligence.
Knowledge of UAE Investment framework, policies & regulations governing private equity, banking, advisory, fund management & distribution.
Sector experience: Oil & gas, natural resources, infrastructure, education, real estate, energy, financial services, hospitality, technology, healthcare, etc.
Junior Vice President - Equities & Business Development with Parsoli Corporation Ltd. - Dubai (October 2007 – July 2010).
India's first BSE-listed Islamic Stock Broking, Financial services & Wealth Management company. Launched India's first Ethical (Islamic) Insurance and Mutual fund in association with TATA AIG.
Played a key role in expanding business in UAE and establishing institutional investor relationships within GCC. Complete exposure to setup in DIFC.
Built effective sales and distribution network for sourcing new institutional investors. Act as primary contact for all regional distributors and investors and communicate investment philosophy, risk management and product performance.
Major role in negotiating and structuring Islamic investment products in association with partners, viz. Reliance Money, TATA AIG, GIC, Deutsche Bank, UTI Mutual Funds, etc.
Responsible for strategic planning, product development, compliance, and scalability of business operations & revenues. Reviewed and prepared proposals, legal documents, financial & marketing plans.
Islamic Index Management and Compliance: Monitor & supervise the Index compliance by quarterly filtering of BSE listed 5000 stocks for sharia norms. Recommend stock replacement based on corporate actions, financial forecast & valuations.
Built and lead the Equity Research team of 8 Analysts. Guide through the process of valuations, financial analysis and forecasts on companies and industries.
Valuations: Valued companies with market cap ranging from US$ 100mn-35billion.
Published research reports with in-depth analysis on industry, business model, company management, financials and valuations. Quarterly and annual reports were published along with special event-based reports on Indian and international economic policies.
Sector coverage: Infrastructure, Real Estate, Power, Construction, Oil & Gas, IT, Retail, Cement, Textiles, Fertilizers, Telecom, Aviation, etc.
External Relations: Give stock recommendations to Institutional Sales Team, Fund Managers & Dealers. Meet Company management, conduct plant visits; attend Analyst Meets, Conference calls, AGMs, etc.
Media Presence: Appear on TV channels and share opinions with print media on stock performance, market views & investment ideas.
Built and supervised the Financial Advisory team to assist and advise clients on investment portfolios and promote the Islamic Investment opportunity.
The team acted as the link between clients, Research department & Shariah Board. Provided training and guidance to the team on equity, commodities and insurance products.
Senior Equity Research Analyst with Angel Broking Ltd. Mumbai (India’s leading stock broking company)  - (March 2006 – September 2007).
Investment Analysis and Valuations: Conduct financial and comparative analysis of 5000 listed securities to identify high growth undervalued stocks for long term investments. Prepare long term business forecasts through in-depth financial modeling, using different valuation methods like DDM, DCF, Sum of the Parts, comparative and relative valuation, etc.
Economy & Sector Analysis: Track domestic & global data eg. Risk analysis, govt policies, budgetary impacts, M&As, quarterly industry numbers, demand supply, etc. Sectors include Infrastructure, Real Estate, Power, Textile & Fertilizers.
Equity Research Reports: Prepare extensive reports with BUY/SELL/HOLD recommendations; Quarterly Reports based on updates released by company; Event Updates based on mergers, acquisitions, Private Equity deals, etc; Economic Policy Updates and Annual Budget Report.
IPO Analysis: Issue research report on IPOs. Provide investment recommendation based on financial & sector analysis, valuation, management meets and plant visit.
Weekly Research Updates: Contribute in Weekly research reports of company through fundamental and technical stock picks and market analysis.
Networking & Site Visits: Meet company management for investment tracking and conduct Plant visits. Attend Analyst Meets, AGMs and Investment Seminars.
Regularly appeared on India’s leading business news channels (CNBC) & interacted with print media to provide investment advice and analysis.
Equity Research Analyst with Arihant Capital Markets Ltd. -  Mumbai (Listed on Indian Stock Exchanges) - (February 2005 – March 2006).
Cater to PMS (Portfolio Management Services) and Institutional clients with stock specific research across sectors in Indian Equities.
Prepare in-depth forecasted financial models and conduct company specific absolute and relative valuations for recommending investment opportunities.
Undertake complete fundamental and technical analysis and prepare research reports on companies from diverse sectors including IT, fertilizers, pharmaceuticals, textiles, etc.
Financial & comparative screening of 5000 listed securities to identify & recommend high growth undervalued stocks using top-down/bottom-up approaches.
In-depth study and analysis of domestic and international economic policies, sector dynamics, international markets, currencies, commodities, F&Os, etc.
Interact with senior management of company & conduct company plant visits.
Sector research includes Textile, Retail, Food Products, Power and Auto.
Recognized as ‘Best Employee’ for research work and price target achievements.
Windows, Advanced MS Office (Word, Excel, Power point). Exposure to using Bloomberg, Reuters and other financial software.
Excellent presentation and effective communication abilities.
Strong conceptual grasp and willingness to learn. Analytical thinker.
Highly creative and adept at resolving key business issues coupled with confident decision making.An articulate and creative sales leader with over 18 years’ experience in selling training services, consulting services and enterprise IT solutions.
Expertise as a senior sales person, sales leader, channel manager, and consultant, with in-depth industry experience in financial services and media.
Extensive experience engaging C-level executives in the Asia-Pacific region in both Asian and Western cultures in strategic discussions about business drivers and innovation opportunities.
Sales and marketing strategy: target market sizing, segmentation, proposition development, marketing mix strategy, media performance analysis, campaign management, event management.
Enterprise sales: contacting senior executives, setting appointments, delivering insights, developing needs, qualifying opportunities, designing and presenting solutions, negotiation, contract development, closing sales, post-sale project initiation, referral, relationship management.
Channel management: channel pricing, developing channel partnerships, joint sales and marketing activities.
Public speaking: presented to 150+ seat audience at FinTech event Afiniation; panelist at APCSC roundtable in Hong Kong, numerous keynote speeches and master of ceremonies roles.
Sales management: leadership, coaching, mentoring, budgeting, forecasting, pipeline management.
Business development: identification of growth opportunities, developing relationships, thought leadership.
Pioneering ‘new business’ role as head of sales in Hong Kong for a NASDAQ listed consulting organisation.
Generated a qualified pipeline of USD1.2M in six months, all new customers.
Sales of professional services related to customer and employee analytics; Salesforce implementation; customer service outsourcing; digital marketing; leadership and sales training; and blended learning.
Established a network of C-level relationships in Hong Kong, in the banking, insurance, and media sectors.
Commercial Director, Einsights, February 2015 – September 2016.
Asia Pacific sales and marketing head of a FinTech and MarTech software start up based in Singapore that provides companies with financial, sales and marketing data visualisation.
Achieved recurring revenue growth of over 300% in less than 18 months, which substantially increased the value of the company.
Led and closed the company’s largest sale to date with a Tier 1 retail bank.
Created the channel partner strategy and established a network of channel partners across Asia-Pacific.
Sales Director, Corporate Actions, SunGard Financial Systems (FIS), September 2013 - February 2015.
Initiated a $6M global back office engagement with Tier 1 investment bank.
Grew a client base with asset managers, brokers, custodians and fund administrators.
Formed a partnership to launch an operations outsourcing service for retail brokers.
Sales Director, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Mar 2007 – September 2013.
Outperformed individual sales targets between $1M and $1.6M per annum.
Mentoring and team leadership of Asia sales team for 15 months.
Sales of securities processing and operational risk management software to banks and corporates.
Sales responsibility for Hong Kong, Australia, and New Zealand  Developed partnerships in China and South Korea.
Senior Sales Manager, Haley (an Oracle company), 2006 - 2007.
Operational Risk Management (ORM) and Health Safety Environment (HSE) software sales.
Joint sales activities with channel partners including leading management consulting firms.
Regional IT software and services sales role, focused on growing key client relationships and revenue with customers in Australia and Hong Kong.
Formed an alliance with Sun Microsystems and conducted joint sales activitie.
Negotiated multiple, multi-year deals of over US $3M each with IT infrastructure services companies.
Application, DBMS, and integration software and services focus.
Delivered strategy to reduce excess inventory and working capital.
Account Director and Digital Strategy Consultant, WPP, 1999 - 2000.
Led digital media campaign planning and execution for the Sydney 2000 Olympics ticket sales    e-business and digital media strategic planning for large publicly listed companies and MNCs.
Business analysis and information architecture for web sites.
Portfolio Manager, Syndicated Lending, Westpac Banking Corporation, 1997 - 1999.
Managed multi-billion dollar syndicated loan / debt book of corporate and infrastructure facilities.
Subsequent reviews, cash reconciliation, A/R analysis, inventory checks, depreciation reasonableness testing.
Master of Business             University of Technology Sydney (UTS), 2002.
Bachelor of Commerce      University of Sydney, 1997  o Finance, Marketing, and Accounting Majors.
Higher School Certificate   Knox Grammar School, 1992, TER 92.8.
Management Essentials, Australian Institute of Management, 2004.Experienced in pitching investment products across asset classes: Equity & Fixed Income, Commodity, cross-border programs, PE FoF strategies, ETFs, Infrastructure and L/S Alternatives investment strategies.
Mandate won: Global Government Bonds, Global Equity, Global/EM/Asia IG, Quantitative strategies, Commodity, Money Market Funds and etc.
Covered market & client segments: Central Banks, Sovereign Wealth Funds, Public & Corporate Pensions, Insurance,.
Endowment & Foundations, Trust, Corporations in Southeast Asia (SEA).
Sales Director      Asia Institutional (ex-Japan, Korea, Australia), Pioneer Investments  Apr14 – present.
Heading the Asia Institutional team to build the institutional business from developing sales & marketing strategies, crafting the fund-raising plans for opportunities in SEA markets.
Formulate the strategies to provide the Solution-Oriented Investment Advisory service, design and implement the.
Knowledge Transfer & Training program for targeted institutional clients (i.e. pension investors).
Sourced successfully institutional assets for segregated mandates & commingle funds with over US$300 million Institutional Sales   Global Client Group, Deutsche Asset Management              Jun-Aug 08, Jul 09 –Feb 14.
Key sales in securing a commodity mandate US$100 million with a central bank, a global FI mandate US$350 million with a corporate by working closely with fund management, legal, compliance and operations team globally throughout RFP, pitching presentation, IMA negotiation and client adoption (received “One Bank – Cross Channel Award”).
RM for top institutional clients and investment consultants to provide investment analysis and advice on various product proposals ranging from MMF, FI, equity and alternatives by identifying the clients’ asset allocation plan.
Formulated strategic plan, identify potential prospects list of institutional investors, prioritize countries & markets with execution plan and implementations.
Organized investment conferences/colloquia in Beijing (with JV Harvest FM), Frankfurt & Singapore.
Financial Analyst    General Electric Commercial Finance, Stamford, Connecticut, US     Jan 2007-May 2008.
Worked directly with hedge funds, pension funds and asset managers clients to develop quantitative investment products   Designed and developed a structured stochastic Risk Assessment Model to solve high delinquency problems ($90 million) in a $80 billion corporate loan portfolio, provide analysis & recommendations through live demo & white paper.
Recipient of GE “Imagine” Award (Spring 2007) for outstanding performance.
Financial Analyst & V.P. of Business Development                        Jan 2005-June 2006.
Mandarin Corporation, Toronto, Ontario, Canada (the biggest franchise in Ontario).
Investment Bank Dept., Zheshang Securities, Hangzhou, P.R. China.
Master of Applied Financial Mathematics University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT     GPA 3.8/4.0   Dec 08 Master of Business Administration (Finance) Brock University, St. Catharines, Ontario          Dec 04.
“Beta Gamma Sigma” Honor of lifetime membership                GPA 3.6/4.0.
Bachelor of Engineering in Management Science Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, P.R. China      June 01.Lead the Sale and Leaseback of Schools – Hartland International School and North London Collegiate School o Raising $100 mn for each school on the property side. Leading the end to end process – sourcing of transaction, due diligence management, legal agreements, structuring and negotiations.
Lead the equity stake sale for operating company of Schools business o  Creating the valuation models and the information memorandum and documents for stake sale.
Lead real estate sale and leaseback for staff accommodation in Dubai o  Agreement with fund manager for capital raising for real estate sale and leaseback transaction. $30m   Acquisition of land for mid-end residential sector in Dubai.
Responsible for end to end product development, deal sourcing, fund structuring and management, transaction.
assessment, due diligence, acquisition, asset management, team / consultant appointment & financial mgt.
  Managing breakthrough projects initiative - across Business Units of L&T (with McKinsey & Co.)   Projects in L&T SBUs: Infrastructure (rail, ports, etc), Engineering, Financial Services etc.
E: Equity, A: Assets (the total development cost, is funded through equity, debt and pre-sales).
Real Estate / Private Equity / IB / Fund Management / Asset Management / Strategy.
Real Estate / Private Equity / IB / Fund Management / Asset Management / Strategy.
Real Estate / Private Equity / IB / Fund Management / Asset Management / Strategy.
Real Estate / Private Equity / IB / Fund Management / Asset Management / Strategy.
Real Estate / Private Equity / IB / Fund Management / Asset Management / Strategy.
Real Estate (Residential, Offices, Hotel, Retail), Infra, Education, FMCG, Engineering, Financial Services.
Real Estate (Residential, Offices, Hotel, Retail), Infra, Education, FMCG, Engineering, Financial Services.
Real Estate (Residential, Offices, Hotel, Retail), Infra, Education, FMCG, Engineering, Financial Services.
Deal terms negotiations and agreements (SPA, lease, JV, term sheets).
Conducting Due Diligence & consultant appointment(Commercial,.
Investment Committee: US Fund, Education Fund, Res Compound Fund, TTIC.
Business Excellence Award for real estate management -performance in 2012.
The First Investor QSCC(TFI)  Fund Manager - Lead GCC & US  May 2011 – June 2016 (Barwa Bank Group), Qatar  Real Estate Investments  *April 2010 - Aug 2010.
Real Estate Private Equity / Funds, Investment Banking, Corporate Finance        * Tanween (subsidiary of TFI).
Type: Development and long term lease of school properties in Qatar.
Partners: School Operator - GEMS, Mgt Partner: QIC; Investors: 110.
Due Diligence: Technical (EC Harris), Legal (Tamimi), Tax (PwC).
Terms: Cost cap agreed, exit options (put and call options agreed).
Strategic Investors: Warba Bank, Barwa Bank, Tanween, Investors: 85 Asset Acquisition: SAR 300 mn asset 1 + SAR 150 mn asset 2.
Development Management: Team appointment, regular project progress reviews, sales and marketing planning, exit option assessment Investor management: of Kuwait, KSA & Qatar investors (Investors:29) Status: Project under construction.
Returns: Targeting 7%+ yields with 12%+IRR (net of all fees and taxes).
Asset Class: Multifamily, Select Service Hotels, Sr Housing, Office.
Financial Modeling, Bus Planning, Project Assessment & Tax Study.
NewYork Premium Residential Project - Manhattan, Hines - DD.
Larsen & Toubro, Mumbai  Manager - Corp Strategy (Infra, FS)  Aug 2010 - Jan 2011.
Lead strategic initiatives and break-through projects, interaction with multiple stakeholders.
Investate, Bahrain  Principal - Investments (Real Estate)  Jan 2008 - Mar 2010.
Real Estate transactions and Investment Management                                   all figures are approx. in US$.
Residential development [Planning consent, design and exit].
High-end residential tower development and debt arrangement.
Industries: Consumer Goods, Retail, Financial Services, Hospitality.
Performing Benchmarking (financial & non financial ratios), DCF & SOTP Valuation, Strategy Review, Competitor Analysis, Share Price Analysis, Industry Research,.
Corp Performance Mgt,  Balanced Scorecards, Budgeting (BI) - PepsiCo, NDPL.
Business process mapping & Process reengineering (ERP) - Grasim Textiles, Ester.
e-Gov- National Informatics Centre (e-tendering), Environment Agency Abu Dhabi.Bachelor of Science: Major in Statistics, minor in Financial Mathematics.
Taken modules such as Mathematical Finance, Computer Aided Data Analysis.
Widely Exposed to different European Cultures at Ludwid-Maximilians University Munich, Anglo American University (Czech Republic) and Webster University (Vienna Campus).
Gained direct experience about European Politics and happenings in the European Union.
NUS Buddhist Society, Sub-committee, Resource Director, Honorary Auditor                             Jul 13 to Present.
Achieved victory in The Awaken Challenge hosted by Poh Ming Tse temple along with 2 other colleagues   Worked effectively in a team.
Thai Student Society in Singapore, Executive Committee                                                               Oct 16 to Present  Expanded network with Thai students in Singapore.
Proficient in R, SAS, SPSS, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Excel, VBA, MATLAB.
Fluent in English and Thai and knows a bit of Chinese and Japanese.
An administrator of Facebook Pages about football video game and Chelsea Football Club.
International Mathematics Competition 08 (Participant), Australian Mathematics Competition 11 (Distinction).An energetic and driven asset management sales professional with good track record of building and growing fund business. An asset to the team, known to be one who possesses strong technical competency yet with the ability to simplify the complex, and a natural disposition in building strong client relationships complemented with sound business acumen. The recipient of the M&G Sales Award 2017 for outstanding contributions to the retail business in Asia.
M&G Investments  Aug 15 – Present Relationship Manager, Private Bank Distribution.
Responsible for the sales and marketing activity of mutual funds focusing on private banks in Singapore.
Received the M&G Sales Award 2017 for my outstanding contributions to the retail sales business in Asia.
Successfully defended the AUM of flagship and raised new assets in new strategies by hand-holding clients during softer performance, brainstorming new sales angles as markets evolved and educating clients ways to position the strategies in a portfolio.
Made significant progress to diversify the client base away from the European private banks, as demonstrated by the on-boarding of the flagship strategy at local private banks.
BNY Mellon Investment Management  Dec 14 – Jul 15 Business Development Manager (Managed Investments).
Responsible for the wholesale sales and marketing activity for the separately managed accounts (SMA) business focusing on private banks in Singapore and Malaysia.
Successfully launched SMA with a key client, generating US$70mio worth of leads and doubling overall AUM in just 4 months by developing well-thought-out sales and product strategy.
Exceeded appointment target by 100%, receiving 25 invites in a quarter from bankers to meet with their HNW clients through building strong rapport, spinning investment stories and simplifying the complex.
OCBC Bank (Wealth Management)  Jul 11 – Dec 14 a. Portfolio Counsellor (Wealth Advisory)  Dec 12 – Dec 14.
Responsible for the investment advisory of HNW Offshore platform (North Asia, Indonesia & Malaysia comprising 40 relationship managers) through a holistic portfolio approach covering multi asset classes (bond, equity, structured products, fund, FX).
Consistently met sales target and exceeded appointment target to secure an average of 8 meetings per week with sales closure rate of 70%  by collaborating closely with bankers through explaining market views, trade ideas, products and allocation strategies, performing portfolio reviews and identifying cross product opportunities where possible.
Grew unit trust AUM by 24% YoY by conducting targeted investment forum to deepen bankers' understanding of a list of high conviction strategies and their positioning in a client's portfolio.
Championed the penetration into equity structured products and delivered record revenue - an increase of 248% YoY through continuous training and promotion of their benefits to bankers and clients.
Adept at explaining the nuance of complex investment strategies in simple terms to clients that saw a surge in invites to present the Bank’s market outlook and high conviction ideas at client seminars.
Responsible for leading initiatives to meet the goals of the fund business, including planning and executing product strategy, building best-in-class product suite and developing new funds to cater to targeted client segments.
Conceptualised and led a bank-wide Yield Campaign that grew the fund sales by 263% and exceeded operating plan by 55%.
Developed OCBC Momentum, an investment programme aimed at enhancing bank's recurring income that contributed to 20% of the overall revenue from fund sales.
Contributed to the 'Wealth & Simplicity' strategic thrust by co-developing two closedended funds targeted at conservative investors that attracted inflows of over S$30m.
Keppel Corporation  Feb 08 – Jun 11 Executive (Corporate Development/Planning).
Responsible for supporting the Group CEO in seeking cross-border mergers & acquisitions opportunities and steering group-wide strategic initiatives.
Contributed meaningfully to two major rounds of strategy review at the Offsite Strategy Meeting for Board of Directors and Senior Management by performing business analysis, working closely with consultants and business leaders to identify engines of growth and preparing the Board pack.
Successfully executed a deal with total investment worth US$50m by performing due diligence, recommendation to Senior Management and negotiation to acquire an overseas yard to fortify the company's market leadership in Brazil.
  Bachelor of Commerce in Finance with First Class Honours and a major in Accounting, University of New South Wales.+971561794222 | hsmili@gmail.com | Nationality: American.
A versatile professional with an entrepreneurial mindset in and out of the corporate world. I have 10 years of relationship management and business development experience at top tier global banks focusing on acquiring and managing clients and assets across the MENA region.
MBA Master of Business Administration  January 2016 - December 2016.
B.B.A Bachelor of Business Administration  August 2003 - December 2005.
▪ Received Dean’s List Honors for academic excellence, Spring 2004 and Spring 2005.
▪ Member of Alpha Kappa Psi – The Professional Business Fraternity.
B.B.A Bachelor of Business Administration  September 2001 - July 2003.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Director, Relationship Manager  November 2011 - January 2016.
▪ Focusing on new business development, increased growth of Middle East business by bringing in new assets from high/ultra high net-worth individuals, institutions and family offices in the MENA region.
▪ Exceeded revenue targets each year by building on relationships with new and existing clients.
▪ Conducted research and analysis across all major asset classes to advise and consult clients on bespoke investment strategies in both developed and emerging markets.
Merrill Lynch Bank (Suisse) S.A. (Private Banking)  Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Assistant Vice President March 2007 - November 2011 ▪ Managed assets for high/ultra high net-worth individuals, family offices and institutions across the MENA region.
▪ Received First Vice President award for exceeding annual revenue targets.
▪ Consulted and collaborated across different teams and departments to optimize client investment portfolios and succession planning structures.
Partner  July 2006 - February 2007 ▪ Built relationships with manufacturers and vendors of cement, wood and textiles in China, to market and sell to distributors in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon and Jordan.
▪ Led and executed roll out of a new prepaid cellular phone company in New Mexico, partnering with over 30 retail outlets and the third largest wholesaler in New Mexico.
English (Native), Arabic (Native), Spanish (Conversational).
▪ Created an online saving platform, www.mimble.co; IE venture lab selected finalist.
▪ Co-Founded The Clean Team, a cleaning services company with 25 full time employees.
▪ Co-Founded Mr. Shattaf, a travel accessory brand supplied to retail outlets in the UAE and Saudi Arabia ▪ Active volunteer in charities for refugees in Lebanon.Studied in Canada with more than 15 years of experience in well-known financial companies, I am a seasoned and matured sales focusing on quality complex sales and strategic account management in financial information/ technology services industry in Greater China. My professional qualification includes:.
Proven track record of selling financial information services and workflow solution to buyside and sellside institutions.
A dynamic individual with strong relationship building and negotiation skill in putting strategies around new sales.
Proficient in leveraging client network and market intelligence to grow sales pipelines and create new revenue.
Seasoned in building and maintaining sales relationship from junior to C-suite level.
Possess solid knowledge of financial market and financial technology products.
Effective in collaborating with product managers and specialists in product research, development and enhancement.
Received competency training in equity, fixed income, commodity and derivatives.
Experience in organizing and conducting training & seminars for marketing and business development.
Mindfulness practice - a mental health training to sustain/ strengthen people's mindset against fluctuating conditions of the external world.
Generated new revenue from major corporations, including HK Electrics, CLP, MTR, Kerry Group.
Created sales strategies and structured deals for selling a new system - Treasury Risk Management.
Developed IR and commodity community to create strategic sales.
Built sales pipelines and followed through with deal closure of enterprise solutions.
Sold the first 2 Treasury Risk Management (TRM) deals in Asia.
Coordinated LME events and generated sales for different regions.
SALES & KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER, SHANGHAI & S. CHINA (HK BASED) JUN 2010 - DEC 2014.
Created strategic sales into major equity institutions and banks, including Morgan Stanley, BoAML,.
CICC, CSF, Bosera, E-Fund, Guang Fa, China Merchants Bank, Ping An Group etc.
Specialized in running product strategies in sales team for positioning OMS and data solutions.
Collected market intelligence for business development and product enhancement.
Setup training center for southern China customers  Mentored and evaluated junior sales.
100% penetrated into QDII community with enterprise solutions, including terminals, portfolio management system, workflow solution and data solutions for further revenue growth.
Strategic key account management of government agents, major banks and brokerages in Beijing, including SAFE, CIC, BOC, CCB, CDB, Goldman Sachs, CICC, Citics.
Explored new business opportunities and managed sales process from cold calling to deal closure  Smooth-out contract, compliance, accounting issues between customers and headquarters  Identified new sales for other product teams including data solutions, OMS etc.  Arranged and conducted training and seminars.
Strategically sold enterprise solution to new QDII institutions (terminals + OMS + data solutions).
Packaged 1st Bloomberg enterprise solution to a new government sovereign fund.
Collaborated with data team to close 1st real-time data feed deal in China.
Generated sales reports for Regional Head of Sales on a regular basis.
Coordinated sales events and communicated between sales & other departments for smoothing out internal workflow.
1996 Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, B.C., Canada Bachelor of Business Administration.An experienced finance professional specializing in fixed income and related products. Focused on MENA/Asian.
Credit. Well established relationships with dedicated MENA investor community – Middle East bank treasuries, institutional/corporate investors and hedge funds. Nine year proven track record of execution and distribution of capital markets transactions.
Single and direct contact for capital market product dealings for Financial Institutions & Non-Banking Financial Institutions.
Market and execute fixed income trades in primary and secondary markets.
Cross-selling was one of the main focuses for credit distribution. Would ensure every bond sold was proposed.
with an IRS hedge and then a REPO in order to offer a tailor made investment to a client.
Distributed public issues and private placements for corporates and sovereigns.
Manager – Primary Markets Syndicate & Secondary Sales                                       May 2010 – Nov 2013.
Worked closely with the Head of Primary Markets Syndicate in the pricing, marketing and execution of fixed income new issues for MENA issuers. Help establish NBAD’s network as a major distributor of fixed income instruments in the international capital markets.
Actively sold bonds and sukuks at the secondary level in support of Global Market’s strategy to increase flow.
Successfully syndicated deals where NBAD was a book runner and ensured that NBAD maintains its position as a.
Involved  in  the  end-to-end  execution  of  transactions  including  advising  issuers  on  best  marketing/execution.
strategies, setup roadshows across MENA/Europe/Asia, book building, allocations and pricing.
Assisted the CMD head in setting up the desk and establishing an investor/counterparty relationship network across the globe. This involved cold calling multiple accounts in MENA/Europe/Asia.
Supported the Capital markets team in their day to day and distribution efforts by providing client-facing support.
Involved in selection of various web based applications for book building of new issues.
Assisted the sales-trading team in their day to day activities, booking tickets, following up with middle/back office.
Support the desk by developing/improving /maintaining trading tools.
Prepared product marketing materials and weekly/monthly distribution reports. This would involve monitoring.
primary markets, pricing benchmark yields, market spreads, secondary market trading levels and liquidity.
Successfully transitioned & implemented credit card services process & handled key deliverables pertaining to.
Undertook transition & Process Implementation in Australia to transition a banking credit card process to India.
Successfully completed end to end process documentation, training and hiring of team.
Preparing & tracking various weekly/monthly reports to maximize collections and reduce aged debt.
Executing Six Sigma projects to dramatically improve delivery results of existing workflow & heading a team of 14.
agents involved in dispute management in an accounts receivables process.
Supporting  internal  &  external  audits  (SOX,  SAS,  eSCM)  developing  &  sharing  best  practices  as  part  of  the.
Providing end to end Project Management support for over 25 IBM clients & managing IBM USA’s IT outsourced.
Designing & implementing departmental projects to enhance knowledge levels regarding core business operations.
Overseeing Costing, Resource Allocation, & Development Needs for all established Projects & making, customizing.
May  2010         Primary Markets Certificate – International Capital Markets Association, London.
2002 - 2004         Master of Business Administration (Marketing & Finance), Osmania University, India.
1998 - 2002         Bachelor of Technology (Electronics Engineering), JNT University, India.An articulate and highly motivated individual with a demonstrated track record of achieving results within varied roles within the financial sectors. A committed and energetic team player, accustomed to working under pressure and able to use own initiative. Outstanding marketer, communicator and negotiator with excellent business and marketing understanding seeking a challenging role with opportunities for development. in a  GGC based asset management organisation.
10 years of experience in the Middle East and Europe across multiple sectors including.
Media, Investors Relations, Insurance ,Real Estates, Islamic finance and Asset Management.
Extensive local cultural knowledge regulatory and geopolitical landscape of the Arab countries.
Advisor to certain GCC investors’ broad and significant relationships with GCC government bodies, mid-size institutions and leading executives.
2013 -2016 Associate Director, Asset Management, Bank of London and the                         Middle East, Dubai.
Responsible for the Asset Management/ Fixed Income distribution to clients (Financial institutions, Global Asset Managers, Reinsurance, Pension funds, Family offices, IFAs, Insurance , wholesale banks) based in Kuwait, Oman, UAE.
Increased by 53 % third party investors through signing up new relationships.
Provided with new ideas for Asset Management products and actively contributed to the design of the 5 year Asset Management Business Plan and Budget.
Cross selling opportunities with Corporate Banking and Treasury divisions.
2011- 2013 Senior Relationship Manager, Qatar Islamic Bank, London.
Raised assets from institutional investors (Private Banks, Investment firms, family offices, and pension funds) within the MEA institutional market with strong focus in the Kuwaiti, Omani, Qatar and European markets.
Promoted fixed income, structured note products and real estate investment opportunities meeting existing and new clients.
Established, maintained and developed a portfolio of clients from scratch to $45m worth of assets. .
Supervised the delivery of legal agreements and financial documentations liaising with clients and legal divisions.
2010-2011   Business Development Manager, Precision IR, London.
Maintained and developed a portfolio of French blue chip accounts (CAC 40).
Front facing meeting with existing and new clients (CFO, CEO, IRO).
Developed customised investor relation solutions and selling quantitative   investor targeting tools.
2009 - 2010 Financial Advisor, Nexus Financial Services, Bahrain.
Promoted and sold financial and protection products, consistently meeting sales targets.
Contacting corporate and individual clients, arranging business meetings and sealing best possible deals.
Gained clear understanding of client’s business requirements, delivering best return for investment.
2005 - 2009 Account Manager, Ink Publishing, Gulf Air, London.
Responsible for the launching and marketing of the Gulf Air in-flight magazine and associated ambient media (business lounge sponsorship, web site, ambient in the aircraft).
Negotiated contractual agreements and closed out business sales.
Achieved the status as the most productive junior sales executive of the team.
Investment Management Certificate, Chartered Financial Analyst.
Award in Financial Planning , Chartered Insurance Institute.
Islamic Financial Qualification , Chartered Institute for Securities Investment  BA (Honours) in International Business, Sup de Co Montpellier, France.
BA (Honours) in International Business, Manchester Metropolitan University Business School. 2:1, UK.Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore – Bachelor of Engineering.
Provided High Net Worth clients with advice on sector allocation for their equity ($40 mil AUM) and fixed income ($60 mil AUM) portfolio.
Provided High New Worth clients with trade execution and advisory services in worldwide equities and SGD fixed income market.
Performed relative value analysis and identify trading opportunities with both qualitative and quantitative analysis through Bloomberg, for both equities and bonds.
Analysed listed companies’ financial reports and provided appropriate advice based on the financial reports.
Identified and recommended investment opportunities in the SGX for High Net Worth clients in accordance to their risk appetites.
Marketing of IPOs and corporate bond offerings on Singapore Exchange, Hong Kong Exchange and Bursa Malaysia.
Initiated collaboration with SGX Academy for clients acquisition drive.
Worked on discretionary orders by clients, getting best price possible, measured against volume weighted average price (VWAP).
Specializes in both Technical Analysis and Fundamental Analysis.
Assisted in the Sales & Order Management which includes drafting projected sales report, profit calculations; providing technical support to customers and answering enquiries from potential customers.
Analysed data and identified new potential customer and helped to achieve an increase of 10% in monthly sales.
Identified new projects and opportunities through news and announcement by the government.
Involved actively in Fund-raising Programme for the University’s needy students and promoting awareness to NTU Alumni and Students about the campaign.
NTU American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Student Section Singapore.
Liaised between the school and club committee regarding activities organized.
Liaised between club and external company i.e. Shell, Keppel and Jurong Shipyard to organize industrial visit for 40 students per visit.
Participated with 12 others undergraduates from different nationality in Engineering & Innovation Design competition and won third place in Environment and Energy Conservation category.
Participated in Personal Development & Team Challenge Programme in Outward Bound Singapore.
Adept in Microsoft Office Suite, Bloomberg, and Thomson Reuters platform for trading.
Invested in the US, Singapore and Malaysia stock exchange, US options, Singapore warrants.
Traded in commodities such as gold, silver and crude oil in the market.
Learned about the global financial market through online journals, magazines such as The Economist, analyst and opinion by expert in the field.
Invested in foreign exchange market, analyzed the cause and effect in the financial market and learned how to take advantage on the financial market from the news released.
Analysed news, current issues, and share thoughts and theories on online forum how the demand for commodities such as gold and crude oils will affect the financial market worldwide.
Participated in exchange of trading ideas on Thomson Reuters forum.Bachelor of Engineering (Honours) in Computer Engineering.
King Mongkut’s University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Thailand                           Jan 15 – May 15.
Completed the Initial Learning Programme (ILP), focusing on Java Enterprise Edition (Java EE) and development using Agile methodology.
Built fully functioning ticketing website at the end of ILP, utilising Bootstrap, JSP and Oracle database.
Currently partnering with Citibank Core Banking Team, assisting and advicing on the migration of mainframe systems to a cloud platform and developing the core banking system using Java.
Singapore Exchange Limited (SGX), Digital & Innovation Unit under Tech Planning Department                    May 15 – Jul 15.
Conceptualized prototype for new app and revamped existing app for enhanced user experience and added functionality.
Incorporated gamification concepts with proposed designs and possible implementations in the new app.
Assisted in the preparation of RFP and vendor evaluation documents as well as the vendor evaluation process.
Uncovered meaningful insights in the technology planning and development process through interaction with various units in the technology planning department.
Involved in the development of a social marketing & order management mobile application.
Designed the User Interface and created a commercially viable prototype of the mobile app.
Demonstrated excellent time management skills and efficiency through consistent delivery before stipulated deadline even amidst tight tertiary schedule.
Constructed Lawphin’s website, a legal based search engine startup in Thailand.
Led the front-end development of the legal search engine and setup google analytics to log users’ behaviours.
Clear display of entrepreneurial spirit by participating in discussions with the founders to propose invaluable ideas and suggestions and the need to constantly push and improve the product.
Singapore Armed Forces, 36th Singapore Combat Engineers (Explosive Ordnance Disposal)       Apr 10 – Feb 12.
Collaborated with Company Warrant Officer and Officer Commanding in the smooth running of Bravo company’s operations and maintaining of operation headquarter during major operations such as Formula 1 Grand Prix.
Established company’s guidelines and managed welfare of company.
Polished leadership skills through leading and guiding of subordinates.
Developed critical thinking and decision-making skills through the vigorous training session.
Responsible for welfare of student body and organization of school activities.
Volunteer to be part of the main committee that organized the school’s open house.
Led a sub-committee and exemplified creativity through the choreography of the finale dance.
Exhibited responsibility and the capability to lead a team in the process.
Able to converse, read and write fluently in English and Mandarin.Languages: Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent) and Korean (Basic).
One year’s experience in private equity industry, focused on the investment in healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors globally.
Solid knowledge in different healthcare trending topics, including immunotherapy, medical devices, diagnostics and digital health etc.
Well versed in investment vehicles & tools in private equity and venture capital.
Previous three years’ experiences in key account management and business development.
Clients include renowned management consulting firms and financial institutions in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, SEA, and India.
Before the account management role, three years’ working experiences in industry research and consulting for China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan market across industries including technology, media, telecom, FMCG, healthcare, industrial, and energy sectors.
Wintop Capital is a registered fund manager with Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) founded by He Limin and Leong Mun Wai. Its flagship fund, Wintop Healthcare Fund, is focused primarily in the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors.
Deal sourcing – Searching for new project introducers in China and Singapore, maintain the relationship with existing deal introducers.
Due diligence – Investment and background/industry research, liaising with potential investee companies, field trips/company visits.
Preparation of investment reports in both Chinese and English – To submit for IC review.
Getting IC approval – To explain investment thesis for formal approval.
Review and receipt of legal and other documents associated with the investments – Share purchase agreements, shareholders’ agreement etc.
Portfolio management – Update progress of portfolio companies and monitor divestment milestones. supporting the Director in providing advisory assistance to portfolio companies, with regards to seeking further M&A and financing opportunities.
Client reporting – Client investors’ half yearly and Annual Report.
Client servicing – Liaising with (investors) of the fund, attending to investors’ queries, attending to investors’ queries (to feedback to the Director).
Fundraising – Liaising with potential LPs in China, Japan and Singapore. Preparation for fundraising material and documents.
Research Project/Client Management Manager at Guidepoint   July 2013- April 2016.
Proactively corresponding with clients via email or phone to obtain research/consulting projects on a daily basis.
Overseeing research team’s working process to ensure the execution of projects on track.
Reviewing the team members’ reports or deliverables to be in line with client’s requirements.
Following up with clients on their feedback and comments to further improve the deliverables.
Recruiting potential clients through various sources including getting referrals from existing clients, preparing topics and setting up meetings, and cold calling.
Gained good knowledge of client management and business development in Asia, especially in Mandarin speaking countries such as China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong.
Got in touch with experts across different industries to get abreast of latest market trends.
Conducted market research studies through both secondary research and primary research with the industry experts.
Gained good knowledge of market trends across different industries, including technology, media, telecom, FMCG, healthcare, industrial, and energy sector.
Collected clients’ investment requests and analyzed their risk preferences.
Recommended investment portfolios to clients and tracked the feedback.
Acquired experiences in equity analysis (Technical Analysis and Fundamental Analysis) and gained interpersonal skill with different types of clients.
Got a good understanding of Chinese stock market and acquired valuable experience in market analysis & stock valuation.
Double degrees in Public Administration and Human Resource Management.
Outstanding Leadership Scholarship of Shanghai University of Finance and Economic.
Captain of a Multi-National Soccer Team in Singapore                       2012-Now.
• Leading a multinational soccer team which is consist of Chinese, Singaporean, Japanese, Vietnamese, Malaysian, Russian, Venezuelan to play soccer every Sat since 2012.Undergoes 6 months firefighting training. Posted to Alexandra fire station for 1 and a half year as a firefighter.
Diploma in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Singapore.
Knowledge about fire safety, Knowledge on Microsoft words and Excel.Date and place of birth: Bangkok, 19/07/1992 Nationality: Thai.
Address: 112/2 Soi Sukhumvit 31 (Sawassdee), District Wattana, Bangkok 10110.
Master of Arts in Labor Economic and Human Resource Management.
(taught in English) – GPAX: 3.79/4.00 - Relevant courses: Human Resource Planning and Management, Human Resource Development, Industrial Relation and labor relation, HR Economics, Labor Law and Social Security, Special topic in HR: Gender Equality.
Bachelor of Arts in Political Science (Upper Second - Class Honor).
GPAX: 3.34/4.00 - Relevant courses: Personnel Administration (HR),.
Organization Theory, Human Resource Development, Human Resource.
Planning, Monitoring and Evaluation, Project Planning and Feasibility study, Information Technology and Society (Topic in HR information management).
Gemopolis Industrial Estate & Shiang-Heng Group Role: HR & Project Manager assistant.
Main Activities: strategic and organizational analysis, employees’ potential assessment, data collection for HR evaluation, compensation and benefit scheme design, reward and incentive system implementation based on workers’ performance, talent management and recruitment, on the job training, re-check of labor law compliance, planning and project management activities, ensuring high level of customer satisfaction.
Bangkok Bank – Student Internship Program (SIP 67) Role: Intern.
Main Activities: coaching, strategic planning, employees’ engagement, HR and sustainable development, HRD and companies’ sustainability assessment.
The Stock Exchange of Thailand – New Investor Program Role: Intern.
Main Activities: HR planning, leadership development, organization and change management, CSR activities, facilitation of organizational change through HR support.
Main Activities: HRD needs assessment, design, implementation and evaluation of HRD programs, employees’ career development planning, management training system design, coaching and training, on the job training.
Master of Ceremonies for the Annual Political Science competition Festival between CU and  TU  (2011).
Created and organized parade of the 69th CU-TU Football Traditional  (2012).
Speaker for admission guidance for Brand Summer Camp, Bundit-Noi, Wattana Wittaya Academy, Suankulaarb Wittayalai school and Suksanari school  (2012).
Support staff in Human Resource Affair and PR Team to Student Government of Chulalongkorn University (2013).
President of CU student Activity and Training programs, Chulalongkorn University (2013).
Participant in the training course on “Leadership development, Team building, Motivation and Basic Thailand’s law” by Chulalongkorn University (2013).
Participant in the training course on “Sustainability and Human Resource Management” and “Importance of corporate social responsibility to societies” by Electric Generating Authority of Thailand (2013).
Participant in the training course on “Human Resource Development for sustainability and social responsibility” by Siam Commercial Bank (2013).
Participant in Chulalongkorn University Values Integration Program (2013-2015).
Member of CU - Talent program organized by Chulalongkorn University (2014).
Participant in the Google Ignite Program at Chulalongkorn University (2014).
Master of Ceremonies and moderator for CU-Student Wellness, Chulalongkorn University (2015- 2016).
Advanced use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, Publisher), SPSS Statistics, HRM system, Google AdWords, Adobe Photoshop.
I authorized the processing of my personal data according to local law.Seeking a senior level position that provide challenges, responsibility, scope for creativity leveraging the rich proven abilities in driving & sustaining performance initiative, achieving professional growth with personal acclaim by integrating experience & academic knowledge.
A Professional with liable years of valuable experience in financial sector with an expertise in areas such as Sales, Business Development, Managing Relationship, Client Servicing, Branch Operations, etc.
Laudable experience of 10+ years, understanding & handling a variety of investment product mix.
Currently working with Neelkamal Group of Companies, Dubai as Manager – Investment Analyst.
Pursuing CFP course; completed Post Graduate Diploma in IRPM and B.Com.
Team player with strong networking, sales, analytical, leadership & team handling skills.
Tangible experience of attending & maintaining high levels of client satisfaction.
Abilities of handling multiple priorities with a bias for action & a genuine interest in personal as-well professional development.
Exceptional influencing & interpersonal skills, ability to adapt to different audiences and build effective relationships.
Able to work independently and demonstrate initiative & tenacity for completing tasks.
Motivated by working towards achieving goals & performance targets.
Endowed with a passion for winning as evinced through demonstrated excellence in the academic & extracurricular areas.
Excellent verbal & written communication, presentation skills.
Neelkamal Group of Companies  Investment Analyst   [Sept’14– Till Date].
Handling investment portfolio of the company and promoters of the group.
Research on financial performance of the target companies, conducting due diligence on companies & industries by profound researching, reading financial statements and market data.
Focused towards equity & debt product offerings from Indian markets, screening other global market events & products.
Analysing financial information of specific companies, e.g. company results, profit and loss, balance sheet and cash flow statements to determine how an organisation is positioned to perform.
Keeping up to date with market & sectoral developments, macro/micro economic scenarios, investment offerings related to capital market, etc.
Monitoring the financial news using specialist media sources; and other areas related to the capital markets.
Drafting & writing research reports, gathering information, financial modeling and projection.
Meeting with and providing relevant information to senior management, i.e. summaries of research, investment ideas, key events from the proceeding day as well as key drivers for the day ahead, etc.
Making recommendations to management, being able to position ideas and articulate them about the risk or payoff for each recommendation.
Managing all aspects of In-house investment portfolios, including long-term & short-term investment strategies.
Review and recommend changes to the existing investments, based on the market conditions.
Effectively coordinating with the treasury team regarding investment processes.
Managing MIS regarding various investment portfolios consisting of Mutual Funds, Direct Equities, Bonds, Bank FD’s, etc.
Managing all the investment related records, adhering to its required compliances & TAT’s.
Manage relationships with financial service providers, regularly meeting the investment related professionals from various agencies.
BNP Paribas AMC India Pvt Ltd.   Sales Manager   [Feb’13– Aug’14].
Primary responsibility to build, develop & enhance relationships across the Retail & Institutional Channel.
Establish & maintain strong relationships with business partners with particular focus on IFA / Bank / ND’s / Direct Corporate & HNI’s.
Provide timely investment information to business partners & maintain their awareness of the company's investment offerings.
Generate sales inflow from business partners through sales & marketing campaigns such as seminars, training programs, fund manager meets etc.
Contribute new product ideas and market insights in new product development initiatives.
Ensure timely coverage of all the relationships assigned, resulting into effective communication about company, its schemes and various other aspects.
The role encompasses a variety of related activities like innovative sales initiatives and ideas, coordination for sales meetings and keeping a tab on mutual fund market information.
Managing relationships at Ahmedabad, Baroda & Rajkot among other locations.
Birla Sun Life AMC Ltd.   RM – Institutional Sales  [Feb’10– Feb’13].
Responsible for new client acquisition (Corporates & Non- Individuals) independently as well as with the distributor/s.
Responsible for managing the relationship with Corporate Clients & Key Accounts (Agencies).
Cross- sell multiple product to achieve required product penetration.
Touch base with Institutional Clients on day to day basis, doing the need analysis & guiding them with appropriate investment solutions.
Key objective being the delivery of AUM, profitability as-well boosting the market share targets.
Designing & implementing the sales strategies for the institutional clients.
Align & implement the local level strategy in the line of the overall key strategic plan of the organization.
Enhancing & sustain relationships with the institutional clients.
Create awareness & build the brand as a preferred one in the institutional channel.
Liaise with Operations/back-office to ensure service standards are maintained for the segment and service issues for the clients/distributors are resolved within the decided TAT’s.
Implement annual business sales strategy for the location.
Gathering Market Information, preparing client & market mapping reports, media tracking to generate prospects.
Accountable for database management and lead generation through email campaigns, existing accounts, mapping of new projects & tracking the competition.
Meeting clients regularly, identify their views & suggestions regarding the products & service.
Reliance Capital Asset Mgt Ltd.  Senior Executive – Branch Operations  [June’07–June’09].
Complete Branch Operations i.e. Application acceptance & processing, Customer services.
Handling all kinds of Complaints, Queries & Requests received from the Investors / Channel Partners & major corporate clients.
Ensuring timely transfer of funds by accurate coordination with banks & internal team / HO.
Responsible for front desk activities including in-house sales targets for branch.
Collate  various data for cluster in accordance with other branches.
Managing general administration including petty cash & facility management at branch.
Coordinating HR activities / processes for off-roll & trainee staff at branch.
Looking after the statutory compliance for cluster i.e. labour laws.
Maintain companies internal control standards, implement & observe Compliance Policy, including  timely implementation of recommendations made by internal & external auditors / regulators.
India Bulls Credit Services Ltd.  Senior Officer - Credits (PL)   [Oct’06 – June’07].
Scrutinizing the login files (PL Applications), i.e. worthiness, credibility.
Ensure adherence to the set parameter and settle on the loan process.
Guide & update the applicants on company norms, policies & convincing them.
Disburse sanctioned loan within the TAT, ensuring the underwriting standards.
ICICI Lombard GIC Ltd   Manager - Administration   [March’05– July’06].
Responsible for all the administrative & HR activities across all level branches.
Planning, organizing, providing leadership & controlling all administrative functions.
Management of office environment i.e. Security / Housekeeping / Cafeteria.
Gathering, adapting, storing and distributing information within the company.
Providing specialized administrative support to other verticals & team members.
At BNP Paribas AMC India Pvt Ltd got the exposure to handle the retail & alternate channel in addition to the institutional clients.
Enhanced & added new relationships at Baroda, Rajkot & Anand.
Added more than 75 crores of institutional AUM, with 35+ clients.
Added new 25+ IFA’s to the distribution channel, handling 75+ of total IFA’s.
Successfully marketed & organised agent / investor meets at different locations.
At Birla Sunlife AMC Ltd got the responsibility to handle institutional clients, understand their requirements and pitch them the appropriate liquidity management tools so as to enhance their investment portfolio. Recognized with various accolades during the entire stint.
Have added more than 150 crores into duration products for F.Y. 2012 – 13.
Have added more than 75 new corporates since association with the company.
Have successfully attended & organized training sessions for corporate clients & distributors.
Was recognized & promoted to handle higher responsibilities.
Awarded as the best team of branch operation at regional level.
Have been a successful member to deliver for achievements during NFO’s.
Recognized with a plaque for a product knowledge quiz at pan India level.
Also won prize for achieving task for conversion of SOA’s into E-Statements at branch level.
Successfully faced various internal & statutory audits conducted at branch.
Got an opportunity to attend training sessions regarding equity & debt product conducted by RCAM.
Have also attended training on communication skills & personality development through RCAM.
Successfully handled a team of subordinates & operations of multiple branches under cluster.
Got the opportunity to setup the credit functions at new branch at Mehsana.
Up to Rs 30,000/- credit approval  & cheque signing authority.
Was handling the team for collections, follow ups with the customers.
Was also in-charge of the branch team for customer retentions.
Got the opportunity to manage all the branches of MP & Gujarat region for administrative functions.
Responsible for 5S adherence at branch, also to update & train the staff for the same.
Was one of the youngest candidates at managerial position on regional level.
Post Graduate Diploma in IRPM from Bhavan’s University, Ahmedabad in 2002.
B.Com from HL College Of Commerce, Ahmedabad (Guj Uni.) in 2001.
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Gujarati (Read, Write & Speak).Masters in Banking & Finance and Bachelor in Computer Science with over 10 years of experience in:.
Shantanu has successfully worked with banking and finance clients across Asia and the Middle East:.
Prospect and acquire new clients; and grow existing ones across all banking domains.
Showcase solutions as a strategic through pitches and presentations.
Spearhead business development and account management strategies, preparing pitches, tenders and proposals.
Act as a trusted advisor and build business relationships at CXO and all levels.
Determining needs of clients in each single sales opportunity by asking probing questions, understanding specific issues facing the client.
Ensure successful implementation of company-wide projects.
Manage and coordinate responses to requests for product and services information (RFIs and RFPs).
Manage full sales cycle from lead to contract, with active reporting and forecasting.
Successfully acquired key clients – HSBC, Credit Suisse, Barclays, Standard bank, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, GIC, etc.
Consistently beating sales target. Brought in over US$2 million in 2016.
Sales/Account Management focused on Private Banks, Investment Banks Hedge Funds, Private Equity Funds, and other Alternative Investments.
Sell to various stakeholders across line of business, operations, compliance and technology through a consultative solution sales approach.
Providing accurate and reliable forecasts to senior leadership regarding renewal, upselling, customer satisfaction and retention.
Work closely with teams in Hong Kong/India/Japan to facilitate client servicing.
Grow existing and develop new clients within Alternative investment funds.
Managing and developing clients’ network in Asia Pacific, MENA and the European Region.
Working with key clients within Investment Banking, Corporate Banking, Private Banking, Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Real Estate, Islamic Funds etc.
Reviewing and interpreting the competition after in-depth analysis of market information to fine-tune the marketing strategies and escalate business volumes.
Investments Research for Hedge Funds, Investment Banks, etc.
Successfully developed healthy business relationships with key clients within Investment banking, Alternative investments and Fund management industry.
Worked with a team of 27 executives involved in mortgage processing audits.
Coordinating with Team Manager in monitoring monthly KPIs of the other team members.
Successfully audited more than 32,000 Mortgage Documents and established a new record of auditing 172 loans in a day.
Bachelor in Computer Science from Prestige Institute of Management and Research, India, 2004.I am an experienced international Business Development Manager and Investment Advisor. I have spent 7 years between asset management, investment banking and private banking, and I have run my real estate business. I lived and worked in different locations including Dubai, London, Paris, Monaco and Beirut. Currently seeking a senior role in a multinational company.
I am an experienced international Business Development Manager and Investment Advisor. I have spent 7 years between asset management, investment banking and private banking, and I have run my real estate business. I lived and worked in different locations including Dubai, London, Paris, Monaco and Beirut. Currently seeking a senior role in a multinational company.
The First Group is a leading developer of iconic hotels in Dubai, offering individual investors the opportunity to profit from purchasing hotel rooms and suites. I joined the company as an investment consultant, advising potential investors on the features and financial benefits of the proposed hotel investments.
Breteuil is a leader in the Parisian estate agency business, specialized in the high-end of the market. The company opened its first office in London in the affluent Chelsea area. I joined the Chelsea office with a specific consulting mission focused on new business generation. I helped double the office income in the eight months’ period I spent with the team.
I established my company under the franchise of Martin and Co in Fulham from a cold start at the end of 2012. Within 18 months of trading the company became one of the major competitors in the high end segment of the Fulham residential lettings market. I started focusing on residential sales from the second quarter of 2014.
My team was comprised of 6 employees including 3 negotiators, a lister, a property manager and an office manager.
I acted as sales manager and lettings manager alongside my owner/director role. My major tasks were business planning and market study, premises management and finance, staff recruitment, regulatory compliance and professional affiliations, client accounting, marketing and advertising, property valuation and listing, training and supervising the negotiators.
Conducting analyses on new bond issuance and on target clients.
Preparing written market updates, bond pricing and proposals to client.
Working with other business lines and investment banking departments to insure the success of Sovereign debt issuance.
Marketing of SGAM’s asset management expertise to institutional clients throughout the Middle East: long only mutual funds, hedge funds, funds structured notes, private equity/mezzanine funds and real estate funds.
Developing a wide client network within sovereign wealth funds, public institutions, corporate, banks and financial companies in Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Bahrain.
Identifying opportunities and providing proactive feedback to the management centers in London, Paris, Los Angeles and Singapore in order to propose innovative investment solutions.
Signing Investment Management Agreements with major Middle Eastern investors and leading structuring, legal and fees negotiations.
Assisting SGAM Middle East CEO with strategic marketing by selecting the product offer suitable to our Middle Eastern clients and implementing marketing strategies.
Marketing, Product Development and Client Reporting Department.
Being in charge of asset management products marketing for all asset classes: equities, fixed income, hedge funds, private equity and structured products.
Producing marketing and sales booklets and monthly portfolio analyses and performance attributions. Setting up new calculation methods for fixed income client reports, performance indicators and risk ratios.
Answering clients' technical queries on investment strategies and contributing to requests for proposals in collaboration with the marketing and management teams.
Paris: Traded European and US bonds and equities and provided analyses to HNW clients on market trends.
Monaco: Provided advisory and technical assistance to private portfolio managers on interest rates structured products.
IT skills including advanced knowledge of MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access).
Professional use of financial data systems (Bloomberg, Reuters, DataStream).
Professional use of estate agency softwares: Jupix and Expert Agent.More than 18 years of Sales Leadership, Account Management and Business.
Development experience in Thomson Reuters, Standard and Poor’s, ABN AMRO Bank, Dun & Bradstreet, Citibank and General Electric covering Asia region.
Winner of CEO circle Awards, Global Sale Awards and Asia Deal of the month Awards in Thomson Reuters recognizing Global Sales leadership excellence and extraordinary achievements.
President Circle Award and SPARC Awards in Standard and Poor’s recognizing sales leadership excellence, extraordinary achievement and innovation.
Experience in Compliance Solutions (AML,KYC, CTF), Banking, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Sell-side Solutions, Corporate Business Intelligence, Risk Management (Basel II and III, BCBS, IFRS 9), Asset Management, Equity Research, Buy-side Solutions, Banking, Analytics, Market Intelligence and Receivables Management Solutions, Credit Bureau.
 18 Years of Sales Leadership, Account Management and Business Development experience.
Develop and execute go-to-market strategies and maintain a good understanding of both competitors and partners.
Direct accountability on regional business growth opportunities.
Provide recommendations to management on Strategic Partnership opportunities including content acquisition and highlighting the growth potential, business implications and risks.
Recruit, lead and train Global Business Consultants to execute go to market strategies.
Present SWOT analysis, challenges, strategies and resource needs to regional heads, country heads and Senior Management.
Provide timely and accurate sales report and forecast on a regular basis.
Collaborate with Thomson Reuters Partners and professionals in other Thomson Reuters businesses (Legal, Tax & Accounting, IP & Science) across the regions to execute our winning strategies.
Lead and direct resources to support our growth across Investment banking, Corporate Banking, Private Equity,.
GSS Award for Global Sales leadership excellence and extraordinary achievements in 2012. The GSS 25 Focus Awards are determined by the GSS 25 Index, calculated from both commissions’ data and TRUST data. This ensures that winners must not only bring in impressive sales revenues but also demonstrate the right TRUST behaviors.
Responsible to lead, draft and execute go to market strategies.
Develop and implement business plans and marketing strategies including development of new products and strategic partnership in respond to the market emerging needs, business implication and risk. Promote strong collaboration with key stakeholders across the globe.
Responsible for monthly reporting (pipeline and forecast) to Head Office in New York.
Represent S&P for Award Recognition and external public events and conferences.
Secured Maybank IB in tie up with S&P for Global Research Reports – Press Release (Wealth Management).
The first person globally who has successfully transform the traditional products to a solution which meet the ever changing needs of the client – S&P Global Data Solutions.
The first in ASEAN to market S&P Market Scope Advisor (Solutions covering stocks, mutual funds, bonds, ETFs, variable annuities, and options) to one of the top Asset Management companies in Asia. Won the first Shariah Index subscription deal in Asia.
Awarded President Circle Award for leadership excellence and extraordinary achievements.
The first employee in S&P APAC to win the Bronze SPARC award for innovation to maintain S&P Market share and strategic partnerships leading to incremental revenue. A further recognition for new product innovation and ideas had earned me the Silver SPARC award after submitting my business proposal to the evaluation committee (Head Office).
Ability to break through the Asia market (mega deal) with S&P latest Risk Analytical platform as one of the product offerings.
The first to create a foothold (Banking sector) in Brunei despite intense competition.
Relationship Managers to generate revenue for both Asset and Liability business. Recruit, train, lead and nurture team members to execute go to market strategies.
Established a team culture that promotes good working relationship and the desire to learn and grow. This led to a strong and sustainable pipeline (x3times of target) which results in an increase of 50% new sales within a period of 3 months. Success in aligning the team to meet and exceed  KPIs.
Success in executing goes to market strategies with strategic key wins across new sectors which generated a good float income for the bank.
Strong collaboration with other divisions including Wealth.
Management led to a good portfolio of new corporate customers.
A company with an outstanding heritage and a tradition of leadership.
Define market penetration strategies and formulate financing solutions targeting growth and market share.
Provide advisory services to client on tender projects, credit risk management, Factoring, Accounts Receivable Financing and project financing.
Maintain as one of the top 3 Account Managers for revenue generation.
Champion the process workflow on the strategy and implementation of business acquisition plans in the logistic & bunkering segment.
Selected to participate in both internal & external major events E.g. Bluesky finance dinner, Fastest Growing 50S, Jeff Immelt sessions (CEO of GE).
Provide financial needs analysis and propose consumer banking products.
Perform compliance checks (KYC and AML) on both new and existing clients.
Established strong customer relationships with excellent account management capability leading to an increase in sales revenue.
Ability to maintain the drive, passion and commitment to be successful even with great challenges in a fast paced and ever-changing environment.
P&L Responsibility. Lead and Direct Account Executives and Account Managers to generate new business and promote organic growth from the existing customer base.
Develop Business Plans and Pricing Strategies to increase market share for new and existing products.
Set individual and company-wide sales objectives and formulate plans to defend, retain and expand business.
Define and deploy sales and marketing processes and tools to management objectives.
Success in managing call centre projects (receivables outsourcing) for Banks, Financial Institution, telcos and Large Corporate accounts leading to both revenue and departmental growth.
Recognized for sales leadership excellence and extraordinary achievements during town hall meeting. Appreciation through testimonials from key customers.ABOUT ME With 6 years of experience in the wealth management industry, I am highly result driven and equipped with great interpersonal skills. Having strong sales and business development experience in both financial advisory and private equity, I have established a comprehensive background in investment products and building customer relationships.
I am also a firm believer that effective communication is one of the key in building a profitable and sustainable business.
ZACD, Senior Manager (Relationship Management) Dec 2015 - Present.
Actively participating in networking sessions to seek out new potential clients/business partners for ZACD’s Private Equity Real Estate funds and External Asset Management Services.
Create and maintain meaningful relationships with both existing and potential investors to build a stronger customer relationship and maximize long-term revenue opportunities.
Source for potential investment opportunities for ZACD to undertake.
Citibank, Citigold Relationship Manager Jan 2013 - Mar 2014.
Porfolio advisory on Bonds, Structured Investments, Mutual Funds and Universal Life.
Business development in acquiring new clients through referrals.
Communicated latest house views and market outlook to clients.
Wealth Management in Unit Trust and Insurance for the Mass Emerging Affluent Segment.
Qualifier for Champions League for 4th Quarter 2012 for achieving 110% revenue.
Top 5 winner of ZENITH MDRT Incentive trip to Bangkok for insurance revenue in 2011.
Qualifier for Champions League for month of June 2011 for achieving 125% revenue.
Assisted the marketing team in events/collaterals and competitor analysis.Landline (+66 2 3126191), Mobile (+66 619545624), (+65 87991542) potephosree.p@gmail.com.
Relevant modules such as Accounting, Finance, International Finance, Business Economics and.
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA, International Program, Second-class honour).
Relevant modules such as Economics Ι & Π, Advanced Accounting Ι & Π, International.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE May 2016  United Overseas Bank (UOB) Limited (Singapore).
UOB is a leading bank in Asia with a global network and strong ratings from Moody’s, Standard.
&Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. The company provides wide range of financial services such as                                personal financial services, wealth management, private banking, commercial and corporate                                 banking, corporate finance and asset management.
  Advised Campari on specific growth strategies that would target new consumers regarding geographical, demographic and psycho-attitudinal differences.
Sep 2012             Krungsri Securities (KSS) Public Company Limited, Thailand.
Krungsri provides securities brokerage services to domestic and foreign investors. As a                                       brokerage subsidiary of Bank of Ayudhya, it has an opportunity to continuously expand                                  through the bank’s nationwide network and universal banking services.
  Conducted in-depth research on listed company increasing quality of investment consulting service delivered to clients.
  Analysed economic and business environment by using real-time information system and worldwide resources/networks improving decision-making effectiveness.
  Analysed stock market by using fundamental and technical approaches supporting  asset allocation strategies provided to clients.
June 2012  Phatra Securities Public Company Limited, Thailand.
Phatra is one of the leading securities companies in Thailand with respect to investment banking business and the provision of brokerage services to institutional clients. The securities provides a broad range of financial service including six types of securities businesses:.
brokerage, dealer, underwriter, securities borrowing and lending, investment advisory and private fund management.
  Conducted research and presentation of listed company and funds enhancing investment knowledge and capabilities at both individual and organizational levels.
  Learned to analyse economic and business environment supporting investment decision-making practices.
  Analysed stock market by using both fundamental and technical approaches leading to better strategy for investment decisions.
  Developed understanding and experienced the nature of capital market in order to provide fundamental investment knowledge and useful advice to potential clients.
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES   Cass Business School-Entrepreneurship Project (London).
  Conducted market research and analysed trend of customer’s demands in order to select best business with high potential growth.
  Created business plan, including several significant elements such as marketing plan, manufacturing and operation plan and overall schedule, providing better services/products to customers as well as offering competitive advantages to the business.
  Estimated financial budget required to successfully set up and run business.
  Estimated risk of start-up business and prepared contingency plan to deal with uncertainty.
  Executed business ideas through an exhibition (market place) increasing opportunities to gain financial support from potential investors.
  Developed understanding and basic knowledge of real estate as an investment asset throughout the course.
  Participated in company visit at Nakheel, one of the world’s largest real estate developers in Dubai to see how significant investment in real estate is as well as how it has been diversified in developed markets.
Business Seminar in Paris – French Business & Management, Issues of Institutional and Cross-cultural context in Europe.
  Developed understanding and basic knowledge of business and management in France.
  Coordinated with colleagues within and outside group enhancing project effectiveness.
  Supervised and motivated personnel to perform at top efficiency levels increasing cooperative performances among the group members.
  Controlled and evaluated crisis management in order to avoid disagreements and solve conflicts during the project process.
HONORS, AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS Best Performance Employee, 2012-2013 Academic Excellence, Triam Udom Suksa, 2005-2008 Academic Excellence, Mater Dei School, 1995-2001.
  Resourceful, energetic, competent, multi-task and results-oriented.
  Participated in a lot of multi-faced activities that contribute to interpersonal, communication and networking skills.
(A copy of my recognition letter of an excellent employee for outstanding performance in private wealth management at Krungsri Securities Public Company Limited, Thailand is included in the application package to show evidence of academic potential).
Privilege Banking International Department (Client Acquisition Manager).
  Developed understanding and knowledge of high-end market in Thailand to achieve high expectation of clients in term of financial investment products as well as personalized service.
  Corporated with Client Advisors and Senior Client Adviser to provide total wealth management experience to new and existing high-end clients.
  Explored opportunity to approach new clients in Thailand by leveraging Thai language as well as networking skill.
  Assisted Credit Analyst performing risk assessment, including qualitative and financial assessment, for new applicants as well as periodic review of existing clients.
  Assisted Corporate Relationship Managers exploring the opportunity to approach new clients in Europe by leveraging bank’s worldwide network.
  Assisted Corporate Relationship Manager conducting call report after client meeting and emphasizing additional actions required to effectively serve client’s needs.
Cass Business School-Advanced Consulting Project (Clien: Reincubate).
  Integrated all knowledge and capabilities to apply them to a specific, real-life and business case.
  Developed understanding of client’s business model and client’s problems in order to provide an effective resolution to client.
  Conducted in-depth interviews with potential client’s customers to collect market data/information as well as analyse opportunities and threats of expanding business.
  Communicated effectively with group members and client ensuring the project was going to the right direction and problems have been properly solved.
Cass Business School-Advanced Strategic Analysis (Client: Campari).
  Developed understanding of company’s traditional business model and suggest innovative model to approach new target consumers in international markets.
  Integrated all significant tools including PEST analysis, Porter’s 5 Forces model, resources and capabilities analysis, segmentation, SWOT and BCG analysis to support strategic decision-making.To utilize my experience in banking /financial services, management consulting, team approach to drive organizational improvements and implementation of best practices. And Superior interpersonal skills, capable of resolving multiple complex; sales, legal, financial, operational matters , and change management.
Sep. 2012 - Present              WATANI ENTERPRISES                 Dubai ,UAE Managing Director.
Managing Angel capital and venture capital investors relations.
Responsible for establishing a continuous improvement environment.
Support the project pipeline by managing resource availability, capacity and skill sets.
Collaborate with business and technology teams across the company to plan, execute, and finalize.
Spearhead the implementation, adaptation and improvement of tools and platforms needed to sustain a highly dynamic environment.
lead  a team of analyst, project managers and quality control specialists to align projects to business needs.
Create a “Center of Excellence” to develop project management practitioners and the function.
Developing corporate Excellence programs and implementation.
Setting up an investment bank (CAT.3) under the DIFC authority.
Restructuring SME and family offices into corporate culture.
Key member of the executive board management setting the company’s strategic direction.
Privet placements for several projects and entities of the group (exceeded AED 3 billion).
Develop and put in place strategic plans and budgets for each of the group’s business units and central functions that reflect the longer-term objectives and priorities of the board.
Solid Facilities Operational experience, and Facilities Management experience.
Designing and implementing effective system of controls throughout the group .
Review all sales marketing activities, products and vision mission.
Invite and fulfill the needs of ultra high net worth investors to match their investment requirements.
Develop, design, plan and evaluate high impact real-estate projects with the objectives.
Develop short, medium and long-term business strategies, expressive 5-year business plans, design strategy processes.
Monitor and follow up the strategic planning process in order to ensure that the goals are achieved.
Setting the strategies and targets for the Business development team.
Exploring and opining new business horizons, by developing new products and clientele base.
Developing a new mortgage policy (system, procedures, manuals) for the personal banking unit.
Key member in Introducing the first Islamic credit card (sharia’s compliance).
Key member in the steering committee setting up finance / mortgage company “TAMWEEL”.
Offered various financial planning, banking services and catering to client’s with specific needs.
Marketed the financial services of the company effectively.
Management consultancy including, funding, business analyst.
Designed personalized investment portfolios as per individual client’s goals and requirements, including stocks, mutual funds, options.
Established excellent working relationships with various fund managers.
Studied and analyzed global market movements and performance worked with other FC’s to re-structure existing client services to add further value.
March 1995- jan.1999   Emirates Bank International        Dubai, UAE.
Structuring the retail banking sales and marketing division.
Responsible for Dubai and Northern Emirates retail banking sales.
Developing the sales manuals for the retail banking division.
Setting strategies for the sales and marketing team (25 members).
Opening new business channels by creating an approved list of companies (large multinationals groups).
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, strong negotiation skills, very good listening skills with the ability to thoroughly comprehend and fulfill the organization needs.Electronic trading professional with over 10 years of product management and client sales experience in cash equities and derivatives specializing in execution management systems, portfolio management systems, algorithms, dark pool, market microstructure, and trading analytics for global institutions, brokers, and hedge funds.
Vice President,  Electronic Trading Platforms, Client Services.
Develop and strengthen relationship with institutional and hedge fund clients.
Identify business opportunities across Asia Pacific electronic trading market by providing firstclass solutions in electronic execution management system and hedge fund platform.
Present product updates and provide ongoing consulting services to clients.
Deliver sales presentation to prospective clients, business partners, and sell-side brokers.
Provide client feedback and market intelligence to internal product team.
Vice President, Product Manager, Asia Pacific Regional Head for Triton (ITG’s Flagship Broker Neutral Execution Management System).
Engaged in customer research, requirements gathering, roadmap planning, data analysis, enhancement design, product launch, and presentation to internal traders and external clients.
Managed end-to-end product release of new platform version updates through collaborating with stakeholders from Sales, Trading, Marketing, and Operation Support.
Collaborated with software engineering, trading, and sales teams across Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangalore, Melbourne, Boston, New York, Los Angeles, Toronto, and Tel Aviv on global projects.
Specialized in industry-leading product development methodologies and technologies including Agile, .NET, C#, Messaging, Database, and Versioning Control.
Achieved excellent track record in delivering multiple large-scale and complex trading solutions o  Multi-Asset Platform – Revamped the execution management system from an equityonly platform to a multi-asset platform with futures and options trading capability.
Dark Pool and Crossing – Designed and developed the cross reporting system for dark pool from scratch by abstracting the market microstructure specifics from upstream systems and desk traders.
Hedge Fund Platform – Served as the regional product expert and collaborated with the global development team in deploying a fully automated front-to-back hedge fund platform for portfolio and order management, compliance checks, real-time NAV calculation, and post-trade reconciliation with prime brokers and external fund administration.
Launched the trading solutions group to support trading desks in Asia Pacific and managed every aspect of the project lifecycle including business analysis, planning, resource allocation, implementation, and production support.
Optimized trading workflows by providing on-site client consultations and customized execution management system solutions.
Developed the sector index relative algorithm and worked closely with clients and desk traders to gather feature requests, perform testing, and conduct training.
Built analytic metrics and optimized algorithms for strategic clients.
Implemented pair trading software for the proprietary dual-listing equity arbitrary desk.
Performed data analysis and improved the performance of algorithmic servers.
Conducted research in performance evaluations, trading analytics, risk and transaction cost models.
University of Toronto – Toronto, Canada    September 2003 – August 2005.
Masters of Applied Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
Thesis Topic on Multi-Processor Architecture and Multi-Threading Compiler Design Graduated with GPA 3.9/4.0.
University of Toronto – Toronto, Canada    September 1999 – May 2003.
Honours Bachelor of Applied Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering  Graduated with GPA 3.8/4.0.
Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission – Licensed for Type 1 and Type 7 Regulated Activities.
Canadian Securities Institute – Registered Salesperson and Derivatives Market Specialist.
Global Association of Risk Professionals – Certified Financial Risk Manager Chartered Financial Analyst Institute – Passed CFA Level I.Head of Wealth Management (B2B), Phillip Capital, Nov 2015- Current (Additional role- Dual Portfolio).
To drive the business growth of the B2B channel centred upon using the FAME platform in terms of sales, visits to FAs and marketing in Singapore and regional offices.
Build and oversee relationships with B2B Managers, Relationship Managers (RMs), Funds Houses, Fund Managers and advisors on the ground leading to sales and AUM build up.
Lead important discussions between partners where necessary and to hunt for potential B2B partners.
Conduct sales presentations to management of corporate clients and enhance relationships between management and key personnel of corporate partners.
Current leading 3 teams consisting of Wealth Management (WM) RMs, WM IT and CS Departments.
Head of Corporate and Institutional Sales (APAC), Phillip Capital, Oct 2015- Current.
Formulate and execute business plan for Corporate Development and meet Departmental KPIs.
Expansion of the B2B/ B4B/ Corporate Business in terms of number of partners and FIs.
Spearhead opportunities for potential new B2B partners and build B2B partnerships with FIs    leading to brokerage income and AUM build up.
Support and in necessary, lead regional growth expansion plans for the B2B Securities and    Wealth Management platform business.
Visited Corporates clients, FIs and Brokerages in countries including Malaysia, Thailand,        Taiwan, Hong Kong, Myanmar and Brunei.
Current leading 6 core teams consisting of B2B Corporate RMs, B2B Business Analysts (BAs), B2B Dealing Team (24hrs), B2B IT, B2B Settlement and B2B CS Departments.
Compliance and Risk Officer, CIMB Group, Mar 2014- Current (Additional role- Dual Portfolio).
Oversee, investigative and resolve all customers’ compliant cases.
Ensure that the Group Compliance Policy (including any updates), are read and understood by all staff within the Securities.
Oversee the implementation of the Compliance Matrix Programme within CIMB Securities.
Represent CIMB Securities on internal (CIMB HQ) and external (MAS and SGX) compliance audits.
Update and discuss with the Heads of Department on all non-compliance issues and incorporate them into the Monthly Summary Compliance Report.
Update the Compliance Matrix, internal Policies and Procedures and Standard Operating Procedures with the relevant laws, regulations and guidelines.
Products and Trading Education, Retail Management, CIMB Group, June 2013 - Current.
Involved in hiring, training of Trading Representatives (TRs) consisting of Proprietary Traders, House Dealers, Remisiers and also customizing of different Products and Training Programs for them.
Responsible for formulating and executing their Training Program.
Trained the new team on the different asset classes and how to analyze various industries and               latest daily market movements, news and outlook, including deciding on daily stock calls.
Source and work with Partners and Companies to conduct seminars and events.
In charge of the Youth Engagement Programme including liaising with Tertiary Institutions (NUS, NTU, SMU, SIM, Kaplan) for visits, seminars and events.
Work with various Departments to plan and generate sales strategies on the different products such as Margins, ETFs, SBL and CFDs.
Monthly performance/KPIs tracking for CIMB retail business.
Segment Management & Trading Education, CIMB Group, November 2012- June 2013.
Conduct seminars to CIMB clients on a fortnightly basis on the market outlook and both TA and FA.
Provide feedback and involve in the improvement and test run of the platforms.
Assist in the launch and promotion of the latest platforms, iTrade and iTrade Pro, including ensuring the smooth transition from the old to the new platform for clients.
Conduct fortnightly platform tutorials to current and new CIMB clients.
Work with various Departments to plan and generate sales strategies on the different products such as Margins and CFDs.
Senior Financial Consultant, CMC Markets, Oct 2010- Oct 2012 ● Promoted to the only Senior Consultant within 6 months ● Top Sales personnel since joining the company.
Achieve record number in both AUM and new clients every month.
Deals and advises both retails and High Net worth (HNW) clients on the latest daily market movements, news and outlook on different asset classes especially on Forex, Commodities, Indices and Equities (mainly in HK, Singapore and US) to achieve clients’ financial objectives.
Producing daily market commentaries or reports to the Education Team, Retails and HNW clients.
Given major responsibilities in marketing and planning of the new platform launched in Aug 2011.
Achieved both highest AUM and sales revenue for past months among other offices.
Speaker/Presenter at Asia Trader and Investor Convention 2011 (ATIC), InvestFair 2011, Share Investment Conference 2011, AsiaCharts Seminars (mthly) and Dennis Ng’s Seminar (mthly).
Other major responsibilities include Partners strategy development, negotiation and relationship building. Partners include Ashraf Laidi, Dennis Ng, Fabian Lim, Hu Li Yang and Ray Barros.
Responsible for tapping into the Asia market such as by travelling to Malaysia, China and HK to meet potential HNW and corporate clients.
Conducts frequent educational and investment focused seminars and courses such as Technical Analysis, Market Outlook, Fundamental Analysis and Introduction to Forex to prospective clients  in a class of 50 to 450 at Ballrooms or Auditoriums. Seminars include ways and strategies to assist clients on using leveraging derivatives such as CFD to trade or hedge against their positions.
Senior Equity Dealer, Kim Eng Securities, July 2008- Sept 2010.
Managing a desk of 10 dealers on daily events and issues such as training, stock and margin calls.
In charge of overall training schedules and planning for all new batches of trainees dealers.
Advice and execution of Equities (HK, Singapore and US), Structured Products, Securities Lending, Leveraged Trading, FX, Warrants, CFD and IPO/Placement for both retail and institutional clients. ● Meeting up frequently with HNW clients to foster better relationship and understanding.
Analyzed customers’ financial needs and provided customers with sound financial advice to help them make informed financial decisions.
Deal with financial products such as Insurance, Structured Deposits/Products and Unit Trusts.
Master of Science in Business Analytics (MSBA), July 2015 - Current, National University of Singapore.
Bachelor of Engineering, July 2007, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Minor in Business, July 2007, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Subjects include Accounting, Economics, Finance, Portfolio Management & Marketing.
Summer Exchange in Vancouver, July-Sept 2006, University of British Columbia, Canada ● Subjects taken include Negotiation & International Business Law.
Reuter, Bloomberg, AutoDesk Inventor Professional 9, Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Solidwork 2006, C++, MATLAB, Visual Basics and Java Programming, Adobe.
Fluent in English and Mandarin (Written and Spoken), Hokkien and Teochew (Spoken).
Vice President, 24th Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Club Management Committee (2005/2006)  ● Took part in 3 rounds of elections and was voted with an 80% winning margin by students.
Assisted the president in improving the general welfare and life of 6000 Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering (MAE) undergraduates and graduates in NTU.
Managed and worked with a team of 50 committee members and 200 sub-committee members.
Developed and created several new programs and schemes to improve the life of MAE students.
Frequent meeting up and negotiating with the marketing department of companies such as DSTA, OCBC, Singtel, Kim Eng Securities and NEWater for events sponsorships.
Organizing and continuation of new and current activities such as MAE Night, MAE Sport Week, MAE Examination Week and MAE Convocation to foster better and closer communication and relationship among the staff, professors and students.
Academic and Welfare Secretary, 23rd MAE Club Management Committee (2004/2005).
Responsible for improving the academic and general welfare of 6000 Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering (MAE) undergraduates and graduates in NTU.
Constantly creating new programs and schemes to improve the life of students.
Appointed as the Treasurer, assuring proper recording and management of team funds.
Managed to clinch numerous medals and awards representing both school and external competitions.
Appointed as the Captain in both Rugby and Water polo. ● Appointed as the Vice Captain in Soccer.
Appointed as the Treasurer, assuring proper recording and management of team funds.
Participated in both Inter-College and the Singapore Cricket Club 10-a-Side competitions.
Represented Singapore Recreation Club (SRC) as a winger in 7-a-Side Inter Clubs competitions.
Company Sergeant Major (CSM), National Cadet Corp (Land) (1994/1997) ● Managed a team of 35 main committee members and 60 cadets.
● Appointed as the Commander in chief for the Guards of Honor in 1996 Speech Day Parade for Minister Mr Mah Bow Tan.
- Appointed to be in charge of training of all uniform groups in school such as the National     Police Cadets Corps (NPCC), the National Cadet Corp (Air), the National Cadet Corp (Sea),      the Red Cross, Boy Brigade Association, the Girl Guide and lastly the Scout Association.
Australian Mathematics Competition (Senior Division) (1999).
Executive Director,     Institutional Portfolio Director (Business Development) MayBank Kim Eng      Phillip Capital Management (S) Ltd.
Ler.andrew@maybank-ke.com       martinchong@phillip.com.sg.
Able to learn fast and adapt well in fast-paced environment.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written).
Possess initiative and self motivation with a highly objective and result-driven mindset.    Dubai,    United    Arab    Emirates        Phone:    +971    56    4421172        E-­‐Mail:    haitham.essa@hotmail.com.
Sourced    viable    investments    to    the    Authority    in    Real    Estate,    Healthcare,    Waste    management,    and    Services.        o  Developed    investment    strategy    and    processes    to    help    build    a    solid    &    profitable    portfolio    to    the    Authority.
Developed    an    efficient    operating    model    that    enabled    proper    governance    &    management    of    the    portfolio    companies.    o  Developed    external    and    internal    reporting    templates    for    active    monitoring    of    the    companies'    financial    health.
Developed     and     implemented     100-­‐Day     plan     for     target     acquisitions/joint     ventures     to     ensure     proper     policies,     systems,     procedures     and    processes    are    in    place    to    protect    the    interests    of    the    Authority.
Accountabilities    o  Sourcing    and    screening    of    new    investment    opportunities.
Liaising    with    external    consultants    (feasibility    study,    DD,    valuation,    audit,    etc).    o  Sourcing    co-­‐investors    and    debt    finance.
Financial    &    commercial    assessment    and    Due    Diligence    of    investment    opportunities.    o  Investment    valuation,    appraisal    and    terms    negotiations.
Assist     in     drafting     and     concluding     of     definitive     agreements,     and     implementation     of     approved     operating     model     (ownership     structure,    governance,    management    processes,    decision    rights,    culture,    and    revenue    &    cost    models).
Management    of    portfolio    companies    (financial    analysis    &    modeling,    valuation,    supporting    top    line    through    business    development    and    advising    on    sales    &    marketing    strategy,    controlling    cost    structure,    advising    on    expansion    strategy,    managing    reporting,    KPIs    monitoring,    board    meetings,    etc).
Quarterly    &    Annual    reporting    on    the    performance    of    the    portfolio    companies    accompanied    by    recommendations.
Emaar    Industries    &    Investments,    Dubai    -­‐    UAE  Jan    2015    –    May    2016.
Sourced    viable    investments    to    the    Company    in    Real    Estate,    Construction,    Manufacturing    and    Services.
Took    an    active    role    in    the    development    of    investment    strategy    and    processes    to    help    build    a    solid    &    profitable    portfolio    to    the    Company.    o  Took    an    active    role    in    drafting    and    concluding    of    definitive    agreements,    and    implementation    of    approved    operating    model    (ownership    structure,     governance,     management     processes,     decision     rights,     culture,     and     revenue     &     cost     models)     that     favored     the     Company’s    interests.
Took    an    active    role    in    negotiating    acquisition    terms    that    resulted    in    increased    value    to    the    Company.
Assisted    in    developing    and    implementation    of    100-­‐Day    plan    for    acquired    target    that    ensured    proper    policies,    procedures,    systems,    and    process    are    in    place    to    protect    the    interests    of    the    Company.
Took    an    active    role    in    the    successful    divestment    of    investments.
Accountabilities    o  Sourcing    and    screening    of    new    investment    opportunities.    o  Sourcing    co-­‐investors    and    debt    finance.
Liaising    with    external    consultants    (feasibility    study,    DD,    valuation,    audit,    agreements    &    contracts,    etc).    o  Financial    &    commercial    assessment    and    Due    Diligence    of    investment    opportunities.    o  Investment    valuation,    appraisal    and    terms    negotiations..
Concluding    of    definitive    agreements    and    implementation    of    approved    operating    model    (ownership    structure,    governance,    management    processes,    decision    rights,    culture,    and    revenue    &    cost    models).
Management    of    portfolio    companies    (financial    analysis    &    modeling,    supporting    top    line    through    business    development    and    advising    on    sales     &     marketing     strategy,     controlling     cost     structure,     advising     on     expansion     strategy,     managing     reporting,     KPIs     monitoring,     board    meetings,    etc).
Monthly,    Quarterly    &    Annual    reporting    on    the    performance    of    the    portfolio    companies    accompanied    by    recommendations.
Investment    Associate,    Islamic    Corporation    for    the    Development    of    the    Private    Sector.
Took     an     active     role     in     financing     (equity     and     debt)     multinational     projects     and     ensured     the     interests     of     the     bank     are    protected.
Successful    raising    of    equity    and    debt    funds    for    mega    real    estate    project.
Accountabilities    o  Sourcing    and    screening    of    new    investment    opportunities    (equity    and    term    finance).    o  Liaising    with    external    consultants    (feasibility    study,    DD,    valuation,    etc).
Financial    &    commercial    assessment    and    Due    Diligence    of    investment    opportunities    (equity    and    term    finance).    o  Investment    appraisal    and    deal    terms    negotiations.
Exceeded    target    of    selling    mutual    funds    by    more    than    20%,    on    average.    o  Built    a    strong    clientele    group    of    active    traders.
Accountabilities    o Processing    buy/sell    orders    for    traders    as    per    established    timelines    and    accuracy    standards    and    maintained    transactions    records    as    when    required.
Advising    clients    on    best    areas    to    buy    and    sell,    and    updating    them    on    up-­‐normal    price    volatility    and    relative    announcements,    such    as    -­‐    earnings,    dividends,    seasonal    offerings,    stock    splits    and    stock    repurchases.
Preparing    forms,    such    as    receipts,    withdrawal    orders,    transmittal    papers    and    transfer    confirmations    based    on    transaction    requests    from    clients.
Chartered    Institute    for    Management    Consultants    -­‐    Chartered    Management    Consultant.
National    Association    of    Certified    Valuators    and    Analysts    -­‐    Certified    Valuation    Analyst.
CAIA    Association    -­‐    Chartered    Alternative    Investment    Analyst    (In    progress).
Experienced    Investment    professional    -­‐    Venture    Capital    &    Private    Equity.
∼ Furnished with two master degrees and 14+ years of diversified experience in VC & PE investment process (sourcing, screening, assessment, due diligence, structuring, concluding, asset management, exit), Islamic corporate banking (working capital finance, term finance, project finance), and Capital markets (public equities, commodities).
Expert In: Business development |Investment Management | Due Diligence | Board & Management Reporting| Investment Strategy, Processes & Procedures | Corporate Governance | Stakeholders Management |Capital Markets & Islamic Finance |Investment Valuation & Appraisal |Corporate Banking |Capital Raising |Negotiations & Structuring |Team Leadership.
Sector Exposure: Real Estate|Manufacturing|Construction|Healthcare|Waste Management| Mining|Services|Education.
Sharjah    Investment    &    Development    Authority    ("Shurooq"),    Sharjah    -­‐    UAE.
International    Airport    Free    Zone    ("Saif    Zone"),    Sharjah    -­‐    UAE.
Liaising    with    banks,    brokers,    lawyers,    and    related    authorities.
Gathering    and    analyzing    information    to    identify    risk/reward    parameters    and    recommend    best    buy/sell.    o  Implementing    active    and    passive    portfolio    management    techniques.
Quarterly    and    annual    reporting    on    the    performance    of    the    portfolio    accompanied    by    recommendations.
Al-­‐Omana’a    Portfolios    and    Investments,    Amman    -­‐    Jordan.
Certificate    in    Financial    Analysis    and    Investment    Management.Al#Majara#2,"Dubai"Marina,"PO"box"113222,"UAE! Email:'hassanhannouf@hotmail.com!.
Performance*driven*and*committed*professional*seeking*a*new*challenge*utilizing*my*international*academic!and$professional$ experience.)Eager%to%exercise'my'knowledge'in'financial'markets'and'skills%in%leadership,!sales%and%relationship%building%to%expand% client'base'and'increase'market'share.'!.
•! 12!years&of&international&financial&experience&across&Montreal,&London,&Dubai&&&Abu&Dhabi!.
•! Established+extensive+client+base+and+global+relationships+dealing(with(top(tier(decision(makers(in(financial(institutions,( banks,'NBFIs,'family'offices,'SWFs,'HNIs'and'corporates!.
•! Very%strong%local%market%coverage%focused%on%the%UAE,%GCC,%Levant,%North%Africa%and%Turkey!.
•! Diverse%experience%across%capital%markets%products,(treasury,!FX!options,"MM,!IRS,!fixed!income,!equities,!e!Commerce,( risk$management$with%an%expertise%in%consultative%sales%and%business%development!.
•! Dynamic(strategic(thinker(with(a(significant(track(record(of(leading(and(building(business(growth!.
•! Highly%motivated!with%excellent'communication,'presentation,&interpersonal,&negotiating!and$influencing$skills!.
2015!!Pres.!!!!Dominion&Funds&(DIFC),"Dubai,'UAE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Regional)Head)and)Principal)Representative))))!.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
•! Established+and$managing$a$regional)presence)with%a%representative%office%in#the#DIFC#for$Dominion$Funds$which$is$head$ quartered(in(Guernsey(with(existing(offices(in(London(and(Switzerland!.
•! Responsible*of*overseeing*all*aspects*of*the*business*locally*with*regulators*(DFSA/DIFC),*lawyers,)compliance)and)build)a) team%of%investment%professionals."Negotiate"term"of"business"with"partners"and"grow"AUM"of"USD"450mio"!.
•! Operate'a'business'to'business'module'by'marketing'and'distributing'the'funds'through'Institutional*clients*such*as*IFA’s,' Asset%Managers,(Banks,(Private(Banks,(life(companies,+Platforms+and+family+offices!.
•! Organize)seminars)and)present)in)depth)analysis)of)the$funds$and$their$composition$to$RM’s$and!clients(!.
2014! First&Gulf&Bank,"Abu$Dhabi,$UAE!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2015#! Senior'Manager'–!(Head%of%PCG%Sales)%Treasury%&%Global%Marke.
•! In#charge#of!high$value$client$relationships$named$‘’Preferred&Client!Group’’!for$Treasury$and$Global$Markets!.
•! Portfolio(comprises&of&MENA%Institutional,%Corporates/GRE’s!and$HNI/VVIP’s&with%a%P&L%of%AED%58mio$a$year$!.
•! Lead#sales%component!and$growth$in!FX#flow#and!cross%asset%derivatives%activity%working%closely%with%structuring/trading% to#deliver#best#pricing,#profitability#and#ensure&product&complexities&are$understood$by$clients$!.
•! Focus!to#grow$profitability$by$selling&banks&FX&vanilla/exotic&options,&TRF’s&and&IRS!as#hedging#solutions#to#clients#!.
•! Consultative!cross%asset%sales:%FX,%FX#Options,#derivatives,#IRS/PRS,!bonds,"equities!and$investment(solutions!.
•! Closed'large'and'complex'transactions'with'clients'bringing'record'revenues'to'the'bank'!.
•! Examine(and(resolve(credit,'market,'hedging'scenarios!and$operational$risk$aspects$of$each$transaction!.
•! Understand)client’s)business)and)find)appropriate)solutions)to)hedge)their)FX,)interest)rate)exposure)manage)cash)flows)and)present& investment(ideas(suitable(to(client’s(risk(appetite(!.
•! Initiate'and'negotiate'ISDAs,'CSAs,"KYC,"AML!with,&RMs,&credit,&risk,&legal,&management'and'the'clients!.
•! Proactively,engage,with,internal,and,external,stakeholders,to,raise,the,bank’s,profile!.
•! Lead%account%planning%sessions%with%RMs%and%strategize%on%growth%opportunities%within%client%segment!.
2013! University*of*Leicester!(Leicester,&UK)!!!!!!!!.
2014! MBA!(Full%time)!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
2013! SVP$–!(Head&of&Financial&Institutions&Sales&MENA)!.
•! Headed,"developed!and$promoted!newly&created&financial&institutions&desk&for&MENA!.
•! Led$the$strategy,$prioritization$and$planning$for$design'and'sales'of'the'treasury!platform!.
•! Instrumental+in+setting+up+the+financial+institutions'desk,'playing'a'leadership'role'in'coordinating)with)banks)!.
•! Portfolio(comprised(of(financial(institutions(in(MENA(with(SWFs,(over(100(banks(and(250(corporates(!.
•! Territory(covered:(UAE,(KSA,(Qatar,&Oman,&Bahrain,&Kuwait,&Lebanon,&Jordan,!Turkey,!North&Africa!.
•! Product(focus:(broker(with(partner(tier(1(banks,(FX,!structured(products,(IRS,(fixed(income(and(corporate(finance!.
•! Optimized)and$negotiated$with$top$tier$banks$and$vendors:$prime$brokerage,$liquidity,$ISDA’s,$CSA’s,$KYC’s!.
•! Played'a'key'role'in'developing*the*company*image*among*communities*of*interest*while*advancing*strategic*initiatives* and$advising$senior$management$of$current$activities!.
•! Coached(and(mentored(staff(on(client(facing(activities,(market(knowledge(and(capital(market(products!.
•! Coordinated'key'initiatives'with'different'departments'on'products,'systems,'credit'facilities,'risk'&'legal'!.
•! Analyzed)all)business)metrics)(monitored)client)volumes,)spreads,)trade)life)cycle)and)frequency))!.
•! Networked)and)engaged)stakeholders)internally)and)externally)in)order)to)solicit)feedback,)gain)market)intelligence,)benchmark"selling" techniques,+enhance+client+coverage+and+maximize!growth!.
•! Created'a'framework'of'credit'risk'profiling'to'have'in'house'credit$facility$to$provide$liquidity$to$our$clients$without$prime$brokerage$ intervention.)Influenced)introduction)of)a)new)trading)system!.
•! Proactively,organized,seminars,and,participated,in,conferences/panels/events!.
•! Successfully)on!boarded'largest'trading'clients#by#volume#exceeding#+$500m!daily!.
2008! HSBC%!!Global&Markets!(London,&UK&&&Dubai,&UAE)!.
2011! Associate)Director)–!(Head&of&e!FX/Treasury+Sales+MENA)!.
•! Headed%the%electronic%FX%&!MM"trading"offering"to"all"financial"institutions"and"corporate"clients"across"the"MENA"region." Part%of%HSBC’s%Global%Markets/Treasury%team%HQ%in%London/Dubai%%!.
•! Led$and$supervised$the$platform’s$development,$deployment,$sales$and$strategy$to$increase$the$bank’s'footprint'and' wallet&share&in&the&region."Managed"a"team"of"9"people"regionally."!.
•! Directed(daily(operations(of(monitoring(counterparty(credit(limits,(risk,(pricing,(trading(desk(systems,(liquidity(on(vendors’" channels(and(business(development(including$regional$treasury$hubs!.
•! Portfolio(comprised(bank’s(strategic(clients(in(MENA:(Financial(institutions/banks((FIG),(NBFIs,(SWFs(and(corporates( (CMB,&CIB,&BBU,&PCM)!.
•! Territory(covered:(UAE,(KSA,(Qatar,(Oman,(Bahrain,(Kuwait,(Lebanon,(Jordan,(Turkey,(North(Africa!.
•! Promoted(HSBC!as#go#to#bank#for#FX#vanilla,#FX#options,#derivatives,#MM#and#e!Treasury(trading(solutions!.
•! Delivered(increase(from(under(5%"to"30%"on"Electronic"to"Voice"ratio"for"total"FX"traded">80bn!.
•! Increased)market)share)in)the)region)from)0.2%"to"14%"(Euromoney"FX"poll"2010)!.
•! Successfully)on!boarded'over'300'clients'including'Banks,'Corporates'(CMB),'NBFIs'and'HSS!.
•! Coached!RMs/staff(on!our$treasury$products!and$e!FX#platform."Provided#timely#progress#report&to&management!.
•! Prepared'presentations,'pitch'books%and%marketing)material)to)promote!our$product$offering$!.
•! Ambassador)to)the)bank’s)treasury)by)organizing/attending)numerous)client)events)across)MENA!.
•! Coordinated*many*projects*to*expand*our*client*base*and*product*coverage.*Launched*HSBC’s*eFX*for*corporate*clients*regionally"in" Qatar,&Oman,&Bahrain,&Kuwait,&Jordan,&Lebanon,&Egypt!.
•! Developed(the(first(‘Sharia!compliant’+FX+trading+platform+for+Islamic+banks$!.
•! Chosen'by'heads'of'treasury'to'conduct'in!house&seminars&!.
•! Built&lively&cross&functional/geography&cooperative&relationships&by&engaging&all&internal/external&stakeholders&(e.g.&Business"partners," clients,)departments,)research,)desks,)treasuries)across"the"group,"marketing,"credit,"transaction"banking,"legal,"regulators/auditors)!.
2004! BCA$Research!(Euromoney),!(Montreal,(Canada(&(London,"UK)!.
2008! Business'Development'Manager'–!Institutional*Sales*!.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
•! Managed'the'business'development'of'a'wide'territory'(EMEA,'Latin'America'&'Asia)'with'over'400'clients'and'prospects' with!excess%of!US$$10$million$in$annual$revenue!.
•! Advised'and$sold$global$macro$research$to!board&level&senior&executives&of&the&world’s&largest&Financial&Institutions,& Investment(Banks,(SWFs(&(Pension/(Mutual(Fund(Companies(on(their(custom(research(needs!.
•! Prospected,+developed+and+maintained+relationships+and+client$accounts$through$face!to!face%meetings,%presentations% and$teleconferences$on$a$global$scale!.
•! Presented(in(depth(analysis(covering(all(asset(classes(!(Foreign!Exchange,*Equity,*Fixed!Income'&'Commodities)!.
•! Grew%book%of%business%to%new%records%of%$3.5mio%in"Latin"America"and"Middle"East!.
•! Surpassed)all)targets)often)doubling)or)tripling)monthly)sales)forecast!.
•! Highest(renewal(rates(of(95%"out"of"all"account"managers"and"territories"!.
•! Promoted(three(times(within(4!years&due&to&outstanding&performance&and&results!.
•! Proficient(in(MS(suite(of(tools,(Salesforce!management'tools,'credit'operation'systems:'FOS/BOS!.
•! Bloomberg!terminal,"Reuters"dealing,"Electronic"Trading/FX"Platforms,"Admin"system"RET"!.
•! Hobbies:"Ice!hockey,"tennis,%squash,%financial%markets%and%history!.
University*of*Leicester!(Leicester,)UK)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
ACI$the$Financial$Markets$Association!(Paris,(France)! ACI$Dealing$Certificate!.
Negotiating!skills,"Presentation"skills,"AML,"Treasury," Compliance+&+Risk!.A qualified Chartered Accountant with over 14 years of professional experience in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region.  At present working as the Chief Financial Officer of an investment holding company and it’s subsidiary, a higher education institution in the UAE.
Possess extensive hands-on experience in managing company finances and work with CEOs, Board and Shareholders’ to achieve strategic business objectives.
Financial Accounting and Control | Financial Planning and Budgeting | Corporate Governance |.
Regulatory Compliance | Strategy Development | Taxation | Audit | Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) | Fund Raising | Debt Restructuring | Cash Flow Management |.
AHC GCC Investment LLC is a Dubai based holding company with focus on investments in higher education sector assets. The entity has representation from prominent UAE families.
As CFO for the holding Company, provide finance leadership to the organization.  Participate in fund raise, strategic/ financial planning, investment & divestment decisions, treasure management, financial accounting & reporting, legal and regulatory compliance.
Work closely with finance team at entity level; participate in key business decisions, financial planning and governance.
Acting as CFO of a newly set-up American Style College in Dubai; involved in building the finance team, implementing accounting and college management systems, setting up banking relations, ensuring legal and regulatory compliance, designing MIS, etc.
Developing business plans for the new ventures covering investment case, financial plan and venture structure.
RHT Partners is a UAE based Private Equity House with focus on investment in social infrastructure.  During the short tenure, part of a team which:.
Set up an investment holding company focusing on higher education sector.
Advised a UAE based ship operator in setting up a private equity fund. The role required advising the client through the process of structuring the fund and raising investment.
Turned around a K12 school in Dubai. The role required re-assessing of strategic plan; ensuring operational efficiencies, improving financial policies, etc.
Participated in advising clients on M&A, debt restructuring and financial advisory mandates. Primary responsibilities included preparing investment documents, building financial models, performing investment analysis, conducting market research, support negotiations, facilitating due diligence and coordinate legal documentation.
Fund raised AED 200mn+ for a leading regional private Healthcare Delivery group.
Price negotiations advise during acquisition of an international Health Club operator, deal size AED 200mn+.
Identifying and approaching potential acquisition targets in the UAE K-12 Education sector.
Determining equity share swap ratio for merger of two regional Equipment Hire companies, deal size AED 500mn+.
Advise in acquiring a UAE based Food & Beverage business, deal size AED 100 mn+.
Valuation of a UAE based Freight Forwarding business, deal size AED 150mn+.
Strategic business planning for a regional sovereign wealth fund in the Industrial sector.
Finance lead of the bank’s UAE business.  Following were some of the key responsibilities:.
Supervised financial accounting process at branches and regional head office.
Supervised financial reporting for local & regional office and UAE Central Bank.
Prepared income tax computations, filed tax returns and ensure timely payments.
Reviewed internal controls, policies and procedures and ensure effectiveness.
Reviewed account reconciliations with correspondent banks and resolve differences.
Compliance with the UAE Central Bank and other regulatory bodies requirements.
Shared financial information with business units to facilitate effective decision-making.
Coordinated UAE Central Bank, Corporate Tax and Statutory Financial Statement audits.
Administered monthly payroll preparation and salary payments.
Supervised facilities management, procurement and administration.
Worked as an audit in-charge in KPMG Dubai’s financial services group.  Had the opportunity to work with prominent banks, investment companies and retailers in the region.
Key audit clients include HSBC Bank, InvestBank, Abraaj/Cupola Investments, Rivoli Watches Group, Aramex Global.
Part of the start-up financial due diligence group, had the opportunity to work on transactions in Oil & Gas and Retail sector.More than six years of asset and wealth management experience with exposure across Southeast Asia.
Significant expertise in tailoring investment solutions to meet clients’ requirements.
Extensive experience (primarily in funds distribution) with a proven track record of closed deals.
Invesco Asset Management Singapore Limited, Manager, Intermediary Sales                                                 Feb 2015 to present.
Acquiring and managing relationships with Singapore-based private banks and wealth management firms.
Promoting capabilities in traditional long-only strategies, passive strategies and alternatives such as Real Estate, Private Equity and Venture Capital.
Championed idea, managed the production of marketing collaterals, successfully raised US$950 million for a senior loan fixed maturity portfolio with a Singapore private bank in 2017.
Expanded AUM from US$615 million in February 2015 to US$2.5 billion in April 2017.
Leading sales efforts with asset management firms and banks in Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, Associate, Intermediary Sales (South East Asia)                                                 Jul 2010 – Jan 2015.
Pitched and distributed fund solutions (active, passive and alternatives) to Singapore-based private banks, retail banks, platform providers, independent financial advisors and insurance firms.
Managed relationships and distributed passive products to discretionary portfolio managers of top global private banks.
Led relationships with asset management firms in Malaysia and raised about US$150 million in a Sharia compliant strategy.
Serviced asset management and insurance companies in Thailand and raised about US$100 million in trigger funds with a Thai asset management firm.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Overseas Exchange Programme, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the United States of America, Jan – May 2009.
Young NTUC Youth Career Network, Career Guide (Volunteer)                                                                      Feb 2017 to present   Completed training on the basics of career mentoring.
Participating and engaging youth in Young NTUC organized events to share experience and industry knowhow.
One of the three winning ideas in the first Deutsche AWM MindStorm Challenge – idea was sponsored by Deutsche AWM Global.
Chief Investment Officer, Asoka Woehrmann, a member of the Deutsche AWM Executive Committee.
Partnered with senior portfolio managers from Germany in the development of the idea.
Led, commanded and motivated the men under my charge through effective communication and leadership skills.
Named the Best Crew in Battalion Evaluation Test as measured by the number of grade one passes.
Certificate in CMFAS Modules 1B, 3, 5, 6A and 8A (CMS Licensed Representative).
Proficient in MS Office Applications, Bloomberg and Morningstar.
Interests include running, team sports (soccer and volleyball), strategic card games and personal investing.Vice President, Investment Advisory & Sales Unit, South Asia.
Managing a book of 30 mega-wealth clients across Indonesia, Singapore and Malaysia, with total investment AUM of over US$1 billion in market value.
Reviewing client portfolios periodically to identify need for rebalancing of investment objectives, subsequently working closely with clients to understand and address their requirements and concerns.
Advising clients on portfolio construction and asset allocation for tactical and strategic decisions.
Building relationships with clients through daily engagement, providing regular market updates and pitching tailored investment ideas across all asset classes (equities, bonds, rates, currencies, alternatives).
Working closely with internal stakeholders for idea generation and content improvement.
Revenues up 80% year-on-year as of April 2017 (across capital markets and managed investments).
Quoted and executed trades in G10 and EM currencies across spot, forward, swaps and options as well as prepared regular market summaries to clients - large local corporates and multi-national corporations.
Provided FX and interest rate hedging solutions for clients using swaps and derivatives.
Direct contact for multiple corporate accounts, including some commodity proprietary traders, and was responsible for maintaining and developing key relationships.
Played an integral part in exceeding revenue targets for 2014 despite being 20% understrength.
Analyst, Global Capital Markets and Corporate Client Solutions.
Created pitch books for client presentations - synthesized primary debt market developments, economic and credit research reports, analyzed order books from past transactions to identify key potential investors, and updated relevant trading comparables.
Prepared daily and weekly market updates for clients by summarizing primary and secondary market activity as well as relevant deal flow information.
Analyzed developments and identified opportunities in CNH, HKD, SGD bond markets.
Involved in the pricing and allocation process of several issuances from sovereigns, corporates and financial.
Fall Exchange Program in Akademia Leona Koźmińskiego, Warsaw, Poland from Sep 2010 – Jan 2011.
Pioneered a two-week Overseas Community Service Project and led a group of 20 undergraduates to refurbish playing rooms and teach English to disabled children at an orphanage in Ho Chi Minh City.
Languages: Fluent in English & Mandarin, conversational proficiency in Cantonese.
Technicals: Bloomberg, Dealogic, EViews, Factset, Factiva, VBA.
Certification: Client Advisor Competency Standards (CACS), CMFAS Modules 1B, 6 (exempted), FMRP.
Interests: Competitive team sports (Basketball, Football), Golf, Travelling, Photography, Piano, Wine.5700 Drexel Court, Alta Loma, California  91701   (c) (310) 800-8250.
I am an institutional equities salesman with 16 years experience in Asian equities markets. I have a proven ability to penetrate and monetize major long-only and hedge fund managers, and exceptional account management and presentation skills. My equities research experience gives me rare effectiveness in the sale of equity research, independent idea generation and broad service provision to fund manager-clients.
Jan17 – present  BLD Consulting – Director, Regional Sales                                Los Angeles, CA.
Director/Head Sales regionally/nationally for SAAS/data solutions to fire departments and emergency services providers. Driving rapidly growing sales of data solutions, integration, maintenance and management throughout the U.S. and internationally, through expanding suite of SAAS products and services. Early-growth success in generating revenue growth by many multiples and still accelerating.
Mar16 – Jun16  Churchill Capital – Senior Institutional / Equity Sales                           Singapore.
Asian Regional Equities, Merger-Arbitrage and Special Situation Sales / SalesTrading account management to long-only, hedge and sovereign wealth funds.
Aug11 – Jun15  Shenyin Wanguo Securities – Director, Institutional / Equity Sales     Singapore.
Penetrated and monetized research and multi-asset sales to lead regional broker trading revenue with top-tier global long-only, hedge and sovereign wealth funds, with greater-China market focus, China government policy and sovereign risk assessment. ASEAN region commissions exceeded 7x base;.
Produced, distributed and marketed incisive newsletters and hourly/daily updates, providing both deepdive and broad-spectrum industry research for generating alpha returns.
Marketing/placement of bonds, IPOs, secondary listings and merger-arbitrage opportunities.
Sep09 – Nov10   Integreon - Country Manager / Director, Research & Analytics                 Manila.
Supported Morgan Stanley Regional/Global Equity Research with internal teams of research analysts, developers and QAs, developing and maintaining proprietary web-scraping robots for automated collection of target data. My teams originated and managed 150+ data-mining/research projects, acquiring and presenting proprietary, public or time-series data via web-scraping robots, resulting in invaluable investment insights for Morgan Stanley and institutional clients.
Successfully concluded service contract with Morgan Stanley for this offshoring service and managed all aspects of this new operation, including acquisition and installment of country office physical/hardware/IT assets, systems and processes, as well as all hiring, training and supervision of three functional teams.
Sep08 – Aug09   Agricultural Bank of China – Independent Risk Officer                        Singapore.
Senior Credit and Management Committees member, with voting and veto authority on all country/branch initiatives and all loans and credit extensions to corporate clients.
Created and presented daily macroeconomic research and risk assessments highlighting impacts during GFC for risk/returns of clients, regional economies and bank/branch investment portfolios.
Sep07 – Jul08   Daiwa Securities SMBC – Vice President, Equity Sales                          Singapore.
Equity research and multi-asset product sales/trading for ex-J Asia to global institutional fund managers.
Marketed and placed IPO and secondary equity placements of Singapore and Asian regional corporates.
Jul04 – Aug07   UOB Kay Hian – Regional Aviation, Gaming Equity Research Head    Hong Kong.
Sector head/analyst for Asia Regional Airlines. Published, distributed and marketed leading independent research and reports on Asia ex-Japan regional carriers, including mainland China airlines.
Sector Head/analyst for regional Gaming industry writing and marketing research for this new sector in Asia following the 2004 opening of Macau gaming to international operators. Included supervision over research teams for China/regional Water/Waste sectors.
Established/oversaw all aspects of production/distribution/marketing of new daily equity research product, from idea generation to editorial control, production and marketing. Produced very popular Talking Points daily column for hedge/trading focus.
Sabbatical post-2001 recession and 9/11. Travelled, attended LSE and supported German-based charity Shaanti with corporate fundraising and financial accounting.
Studied Options & Derivatives (basics, pricing, structure of range of options and derivatives) and Valuation.
Oct00 – Jul01       CLSA (HK) – Asia Airlines Sector Research Analyst                        Hong Kong.
Senior sector analyst. Initiated/published/maintained/marketed sector coverage and research and investment recommendations to global institutional fund managers.
Marketed and placed IPOs and secondary equity placements of Hong Kong, China and Asian regional corporates to global institutional fund managers.
Apr00 – Oct00      UBS Warburg (Taiwan) – Research Analyst, Tech Hardware                 Taiwan.
Sector research analyst for Taiwan tele-tech and internet service equipment equipment mfrs.
Senior analyst on UBS underwriting for Chung Hwa Telecom IPO August, 2000.
Supplier Management – Systems Development Specialist Mar96 – Mar00.
Senior Staff to Director, USAF C-17A Program. Created/managed/reported to USAF oversight on material and manpower budgets; assisted in oversight of Engineering and Supplier Management divisions.  Accomplishments included integrating financial and tracking systems for multiple engineering divisions and between Boeing and US Defense Department for control/reporting of engineering and financial data.
Achieved >30% reduction of spares inventories at USAF depot installations, resulting in expedited response/supply of emergency spares in support of wartime military airlift operations in Bosnia.
Financial controller for Engineering and Customer Support Divisions. Managed program budgets, lead Repair/ Replace program on Boeing Tanker. Screened/coordinated intercompany systems and operations with major suppliers, optimizing service, quality and technical/financial requirements.
Founding member in team establishing comprehensive Supplier Rating & Review Program, awarding gold, silver, bronze status on major/minor suppliers for quality, timeliness and overall performance.
Feb93 – Jul94        Attention To Detail, Ltd. – Founding Owner, Managing Partner        California                      Exec leadership of auto detailing chain with multiple outlets through startup and growth stages.
Financial/business English editor and tutor for public/private/government and all age/skill levels.
Aug88 – Nov90      McDonnell Douglas – Finance Analyst/Internal Controller                 California.
Negotiated, budgeted and reported labor and material for USAF airlift program. Led and participated in multiple organizational transformation (TQMS) teams and processes.
Spearheaded overhaul of massive engineering drawings release system, overcoming 3-month backlog built up over years, reducing cycle time from six weeks to nine days.
Jul02 - Aug02        London School of Economics (above) Finance, Valuation, Derivatives & Options Mar 2000               MBA, The Anderson School, UCLA – Finance and Logistics (Supply Chain)   Selected as Anderson International Management Fellow (IMF):  Shanghai, China.
Dec94                    Bachelor of Science, California State University Long Beach.
BS Chinese History, European History. Minor Mathematics and Engineering.
Additional: Mandarin Chinese, with intermediate reading, writing and verbal proficiency with high functionality.Mobile: +65 9070 8180, Email: tivos06@gmail.com, Singapore citizen.
Aug 2014 – present  Shenwan Hongyuan Singapore Pte Ltd, Institutional Equity Sales                     Singapore.
Research sales covering China/HK (A-share, H-share and ADR), both Chinese and English language coverage. Cover ECM deals as well. Developed and cover Southeast Asia based institutional investors including large hedge funds, mutual funds and family offices.
Conduct bespoke research for client on various China/HK macro/industries/companies.
Initiate and organize analyst marketing and A-share company marketing / NDR.
May 2014 – July 2014 Lippo Malls Indonesia Retail Trust, Financial Analyst                                          Singapore   Work with CEO and investment banks on property acquisition proposals, evaluation and execution.
Conduct industry and market research on Indonesia consumer / retail sector. Act as investor relation contact, strategize communication and build relationship with investment community. Research and prepare all IR related materials.
Mar 2014 – May 2014 Religare Capital Markets, Equity Research Intern                                                 Singapore.
Build financial models and write investment summaries for Singapore / ASEAN property developers and S-REITs. Sample work: pre-IPO research report on a Philippine developer raising USD200m.
Join quarterly analyst briefing and company visits to better understand property and REITs sector.
Dec 2012 – Jun 2013  Noble Group, Energy Research Intern  Singapore.
Fundamental research in APAC crude oil and petrochemical (such as BTX) market. Model global demand & supply and generate trade recommendations to the oil trading team. Made successful strong bearish call on PX/PTA prices in Feb 2013.
Use technical analysis on Brent/WTI index and analyze its correlation with other asset classes; publish daily morning notes and weekly inventory stats for global oil trading team.
Setup own fund with money invested from outside investors and mainly trade EUR/USD and other G10 currencies in spot market.
Used various technical analyses and learned key risk management skills such as proper leveraging, profit taking and lost cutting.
Sep 2007 – Nov 2009  Bloomberg Finance LP, Global Technical Service Specialist  Singapore.
Account Management & Strategic planning: Provided technical consultation for global, Singapore and top 5 Chinese banks. Proposed to set up mirrored servers for Chinese clients due to connectivity issues, accepted by global management and were implemented.
Client Training: Hosted Bloomberg Certification program for clients in Singapore and China.
Awards & Development: Acquired full range Bloomberg financial markets training and was certified as Equity Specialist. Received Office Awards 2009 for outstanding performance and dedication.
Languages  English (Fluent), Mandarin (Native), Cantonese (Basic).
2011-2013  MSc. Applied Finance, Singapore Management University.
GPA 3.82 / 4 (Awarded: Dean’s List, ranked top 10% of the cohort).
2003-2007 B.Eng Information & Communication Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore Merit based full undergraduate scholarship by Singapore Ministry of Education. 2nd Class Honors.    Minor in Business.
Yap Chwee Mein, MD for Greater China Portfolio, Broad Peak Investment Advisors, Tel: +65 6372 5531.
Aaron Low, Principle, Lumen Advisors LLC / Chair of CFA Institute Board of Governors.
Tata Goeyardi, Head of Real Estate Equity Research, Religare Capital Markets, Tel: +65 6671 8118.Nationality: United Kingdom, Hong Kong and Republic of India.
Address: Springs 2 Villa 4 Street 11, Emirates Living, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
A well presented, result-oriented and highly personable individual who has extensive in-dept experience of the banking industry, with a banking career spanning over 10 years in Capital Markets, Financial and Derivatives Markets, and Corporate Finance. My experience has allowed leadership skills and me to possess huge range of abilities from technical to mentoring juniors in their career progression. I also possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with abilities in team management, team motivation and customer relationship management. This is further complimented by my international background and work experience.
Associate Director – Debt & Capital Advisory     Apr 2016 – Present NBF Capital Limited, Dubai – UAE.
Assist the Senior Executive Officer in formulating and advising optimal debt and capital structures for mid-to-large companies in the UAE.
Part of the team that advises across the cycle –raising finance to support a growth strategy, refinancing existing debt facilities, realizing value for shareholders through a recapitalization or advising and raising capital in situations involving financial stress.
Primary contact person for each transaction under my management that includes client management, discussions and negotiations with external legal counsels, technical consultants and relevant internal stakeholders.
Preparing and conducting due diligence and all related activities including spreading of financial statements along with full preparation of pitch-books, presentations and IM.
Ensure all transactions are in compliant with the internal compliance and sanctions processes and procedures.
Undertake team projects to enhance efficiency in terms of processes and procedures.
Associate Director – Project Finance, Portfolio Management   Oct 2012 –Mar 2016 Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai – UAE.
Assist the Origination Team during the execution stage and to manage the credit risk profile of Project Finance Power, Infrastructure, Oil & Gas and Aviation Portfolio globally i.e. total assets under my management was approximately USD1Billion.
Primary contact person for each transaction under my management that includes client management, discussions and negotiations with external legal counsels, technical consultants and relevant internal stakeholders.
Preparing credit proposals and all related activities including spreads and spreading of financial statements along with full preparation of proposals for Credit approval.
Daily liaison with Senior Credit Officers / Chief Risk Officer on performance of underlying credit risk of transactions and highlighting of any material adverse impact on the credit profile of each transaction.
Managed a team of analysts and day-to-day proactive monitoring of the underlying risk of each transaction through financial analysis and stress testing on financial models.
Ensuring Risk Weighted Assets are managed accordingly and preparing credit scores for each transaction to ensure the PD, EL, ER and LGD metrics fall within internal policies.
Discuss and implement solutions for transactions encountering cash flow/technical issues and obtain appropriate approvals from Senior Management and Credit.
Ensure all transactions are in compliant with the internal compliance and sanctions processes and procedures.
Report performance of Project Finance Portfolio to Senior Management on a monthly basis.
Lead and implemented projects to enhance efficiency in terms of processes and procedures.
Associate – Project Finance, Portfolio Management      Nov 2010 –Oct 2012 Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai – UAE.
Assist the Origination Team during the execution stage and to manage the credit risk profile of Project Finance Power, Infrastructure, Oil & Gas and Aviation Portfolio globally i.e. total assets under my management was approximately USD600Million.
Primary contact person for each transaction under my management that includes client management, discussions and negotiations with external legal counsels, technical consultants and relevant internal stakeholders.
Preparing credit proposals and all related activities including spreads and spreading of financial statements along with full preparation of proposals for Credit approval.
Daily liaison with Senior Credit Officers / Chief Risk Officer on performance of underlying credit risk of transactions and highlighting of any material adverse impact on the credit profile of each transaction.
Day-to-day proactive monitoring of the underlying risk of each transaction through financial analysis and stress testing on financial models.
Ensuring Risk Weighted Assets are managed accordingly and preparing credit scores for each transaction to ensure the PD, EL, ER and LGD metrics fall within internal policies.
Discuss and implement solutions for transactions encountering cash flow/technical issues and obtain appropriate approvals from Senior Management and Credit.
Ensure all transactions are in compliant with the internal compliance and sanctions processes and procedures.
Report performance of Project Finance Portfolio to Senior Management on a monthly basis.
Lead and implemented projects to enhance efficiency in terms of processes and procedures Associate – Structured Products Trading, Financial Markets   Oct 2008 – Oct 2010.
Manage all Complex Derivatives trade entry for the Middle East and Europe region.
Enter Complex and Structured FX, Rates and Commodity Derivatives into trading systems in an accurate and timely manner.
Monitor limit compliance with counterparty risk and credit limits.
Validate the results of the trade booking against estimated risk and P&L measures and raise any discrepancies accordingly.
Assist the Trading Desk with project work, including trading system upgrades and testing.
Assist the Quant team in new product development work across various trading systems.
Actively prepare booking models for newly structured derivatives.
Resolve trade related queries originating from internal clients in the earliest time possible.
Associate – Asset Securitization, Capital Markets      Apr 2007 – Oct 2008 Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai – UAE.
Assisted in origination and execution of securitization deals (CLO, RMBS, CLO) in MENA.
Conducted feasibility analysis and prepared pitch books / transaction documents.
Main contact person for communicating with clients, rating agencies and legal counsels.
Prepared financial models and conducted market research on securitization deals globally.
Key member of the team which executed the first ever landmark Residential Mortgage-based Securitization deal (Tamweel RMBS Aa2/AA rated) in the U.A.E.
International Graduate – Graduate Development Program    Aug 2005 – Apr 2007 Standard Chartered Bank, Hong Kong.
Underwent a 2 year training program enabling me to learn, get an in-depth experience and to contribute towards various business functions of the Bank.
Conducted transaction and trigger monitoring on clients during my rotation in Risk.
Revamped the general pitch book for the Capital Markets team.
Contributed to an Internal Employee Benefits website project during my rotation at the CEO’s Office.
Prepared Credit Applications for transactions for the Client Relationship Management team EDUCATION.
Subjects included: Accounting, Finance, Marketing and Economics.
Dissertation: Applicability of Internationalization theories on UK SMEs.
BEng (Hons.)  Computer Systems Engineering      Sep 2000 – Jul 2003.
Subjects included: C/C++ Programming, Electronic Design and System Architecture.
Applications: Bloomberg, Reuters, Murex, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office and SPSS.
Fluent in spoken Cantonese and beginner-level in Mandarin.New Business Development, Software Sales, SaaS, Key Account Management, Stakeholder Management, Lead generation, Financial Derivative Products and Trading, Media and Advertisement Sales, Channel Management, Marketing, Events Management, Product Management.
Increased revenue by 30%, from 12 million to 16 million, through successful expansion of distribution channel, new accounts and successful implementation of sales strategy to increase revenue and market share. Demonstrated strong acumen in business development and sales.
Increase monthly new accounts acquired from 160 to 300, representing a total of 3600 new accounts over 12 months, increasing total customer base by 10%. Achieved through explanation of services and demonstration of products via meetings and seminars. This attest to my ability to communicate product value to client effectively, driving the sales front to close deals.
Successful delivery of fully filled training seminars/workshops, increasing frequency from 1-2 times per month, to 8 times per month. This was enabled through a consistent effort to represent the company to speak at major conferences conference (SIAS Investment week and InvestFair), and winning the best FX Education award by Investment Trends.
Achieved US$350,000 revenue over 8 months, exceeded quarterly targets by 29% and 31% through consultative, solution selling approach, winning new major accounts and bigger contracts, converting dormant customers and achieving recurring sale. Demonstrated professionalism and salesmanship when engaging decision makers, resulting to good business relation and repeat sales.
Ascent Fortune Management Pte Ltd (Proprietary Trading Firm)    Mar’16 – Nov’16.
Speculative trading of leveraged FX spot market manually and using algorithm, managing given trading account, exercising sound risk management while trading for profits.
Neo & Partners Global Pte Ltd (Low latency and Co-Lo Trading consultancy firm)  Sept’15 – Mar’16.
Develop business for trading co-location setup in various exchanges as well as rental of Trading-Atrium facility. Clients are Buy-Side trading firms including proprietary trading firms, family offices, hedge funds and money managers.
Frequent engagements with Exchanges, Liquidity Providers, Brokerages, Technology, Software and Data vendors. Covered areas of Network, Servers, Enterprise Trading Software and Co-location requirements for high speed trading environment.
Monster Worldwide Limited, Monster.com.sg (Job Portal)     Feb’14 – Dec’14.
Hybrid role of hunter and account manager, selling of enterprise software (SaaS) and media solutions.
Exceeded given targets for 2 consecutive quarters by 29% and 31% respectively from start of running and constantly achieving targets without being given prior accounts or leads.
Brought in contracts with new major accounts such as KPMG, Marina Bay Sands, Panasonic, Marche, YuuZoo Corp, Certis Cisco, Ce La Vi Thomson Medical Group, Aviva and many others.
Rising Capital Academy Pte Ltd (Education provider on trading and investing)               Apr’13 – Aug’15.
Outsourced service provider to brokerages and banks to provide training and education on FX and trading to their customers. Engaging and servicing corporates and retail customers, conduct trading education or investment related courses via seminar or private coaching.
Optimizing bottom line revenue, balancing venue cost against number of number of paying customers.
CIMB Securities Pte Ltd (Equity/CFD Brokerage Firm)      Sept’12 – Aug’13.
Managing P&L of Segment Management portfolio consisting of sales and education, leading a team of 8 sales dealers. Achieved approximately $350,000 revenue in brokerage commissions in first 6 months.
Develop business by growing distribution channel, conducting sales and account acquisition seminars. Campaigns and event created growth organically, converted 8% (approximately 200 of dormant client to active and generated 250 referral new sign ups. Increased new customer base by 450 accounts over 6 months.
Performed Online Trading Software demonstrations and workshops internally and to clients.
CMC Markets Singapore (Online FX/CFD Brokerage Firm)     Apr’11 – Sept’12.
Generate trading volume in B2B and B2C accounts by conducting and marketing of Online Trading Software through demonstrations and workshops in Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong and China region. Initiated and lead in sales strategy which increased market share and trading volume.
Lead the education desk, created materials for presentation and seminars. Provide market and economic calendar updates, commentaries and trade recommendations. Representative speaker for seminars and major conferences.
Acquire business partners to develop sales distribution channel, involving negotiation of terms.
Diploma in Business Administration - Temasek Polytechnic    2005.
Represented Singapore for World under 21 Snooker Championship.Communicating with other Finance Officer on financial reports.
I am an organised and motivated individual with the ability to excel given through my past experience in financial operations which involves a great deal of coordination work. With the aim to over-achieve, I am able to multi-task, build relationships and communicate effectively with clients and related parties. With my past experience living and working in foreign countries, I possessed an open mind and is versatile when comes to adapting in competitive environment.
Macromedia DreamWeaver, Macromedia Fireworks, Microsoft Office.Identified and presented investment opportunities to asset management and private equity firms.
Conducted daily conference calls with fund managers and private equity investors on macroeconomic updates, portfolio position updates, new issuances and trade ideas.
Acquired and on-boarded new institutional clients through sales meetings and pitches.
Organized marketing campaigns such as corporate road shows, conferences and client events.
Arranged regular client meetings to propose new investment ideas.
Trained and liaised with over 100 staff in the firm on the “Balanced Score-Card” corporate strategy system.
Ranked in AsiaMoney (Singapore) as top institutional sales broker in 2015 (# 4).
Ranked in AsiaMoney (Singapore) as top institutional sales broker in 2014 (# 2).
Ranked in AsiaMoney (Singapore) as top institutional sales broker in 2013 (#12)  Ranked in AsiaMoney (Singapore) as top institutional sales broker in 2010 (#19).
Assisted senior bankers on the origination and execution of M&A and divestment transactions across multiple sectors in shipping, maritime technology, oil and gas, retail and consultancy services.
Conducted in-depth research on various industries, companies, potential buyers including strategic and financial investors.
Developed pitch books, valuation presentations, information memorandum and board presentations.
Built complex financial projection and valuation models including DCF, trading comparables and transaction comparables Transaction highlights:.
Potential sale of a leading commodity company based in Singapore with an EV of circa US$1 billion.
Closed in August 2011: Restructuring of a bulk carrier operator with a negative charter book of circa US$100 million.
Global Financial Services Industry Group, Australia (Sydney) & Singapore.
External auditor, focused on the banking and financial advisory firms.
Planned, budgeted and ensured timely fulfillment of key objectives for multiple engagements so as to achieve audit efficiency.
Reviewed the appropriateness of policies and procedures, assessed the design and effectiveness of business operational processes as per regulatory framework: ACRA, Banking Act, MAS Act and Notices.
Independent review of clients’ accounting treatment and their financial statement presentation as accordance to the Financial Reporting Standards.
Recommended processes and indicators to clients for reduction of operational risks.
Mentored and provided guidance to junior members of the engagement team.
Active member in organizing events and seminars for Deloitte’s Inspiring Women team and the Global Financial Services Industry team.
Bachelor of Commerce, majoring in Accounting and Business Law.
Founding committee member of Australian Business Ethics Society.
Committee member of Singapura Society, actively mentored and assisted foreign students in their transition to Australia.I work closely with relationship managers on financial advisory related to instruments such as fixed income, FX trading, dual currency and structured products to high net worth clients. This includes preparing briefings on Markets and FX commentaries across the retail platform and to individual high net worth clients.
On the treasury aspect, I lead and provide ideas to 20 relationship managers in 2 teams, with sales came in top in Q3 2016.
Dealt in FX and interest rate hedging solutions for clients including the whole range of FX options and I am also the direct contact with counterparties and bond desk for all bond trade execution.
AWARD: Citigold Investment Runner up for Q2 2015 and Q3 2015 Citigold Champions League for 2014 consecutive quarters.
Actively managed high net worth client portfolios with a focus on regional market.
Achieved revenue growth through the sale of an extensive array of financial services including: mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities, structured and fixed income strategies.
Network and deepened relationships with high net worth investors resulting in my assets under management increasing 58% from $50 million in May 2013 to $70 million in Dec 2015.
Exceeded sales goals by 125% each quarter and gained recognition for top investment sales for Q3 2014 and Q4 2014.
I was the direct contact for multiple institutional/corporate accounts, playing critical role in maintaining and bolstering key institutional/corporate relationships.
Marketed fixed income and structured products to institutions, including hedge funds and money managers. This involves closely examined buy or sell axes and relayed data to Barclays trading desks.
My role as a cabin crew requires me to display strong interpersonal and communication skills that reflect genuine cultural sensitivities and appreciation. This includes constructing an excellent personal presentation that reflects and complement the airline branding.
I carried different duties and work as a team player with different people on each flight, displaying quick relationship building, growth mindset and initiative.
I acquire new-to-bank Citigold Private and Citi Corporate clients, bringing in at least $2 millions of monthly asset under management.
Identify and networking at Citigold Private Client events and prepare marketing materials.
Maintaining close working relationship with internal and strategic partners for networking and affiliate marketing.
Manage and handle clients in account opening, loans and other transactional banking.
Diploma in Information Technology Major Multimedia with cap of 2.8/4.00.
Proficient in advance computing such as Bloomberg, SQL, Visual Studio, Java C++, VB.net and Excel Macros.
IBF: Rules and Regulations for Dealing in Securities (Module 1B), Securities Products and Analysis (Module 6), Securities & Future Product Knowledge (Module 6A).
CMFAS: Rules and Regulations for Financial Advisory Services (Module 5), Health Insurance, Life Insurance & Investment-Linked Policies (Module 9A & 9).
Successfully organized FX outlook 2016 seminar for Citigold clients, which attracted a good turnout of 80 clients.
Led project for Industrial Attachment Program in 2006 and successfully built and launched “the flowerpod” forum. The forum was then accumulated close to an average of 1,000 visitors daily that led to a buy-out by a venture capitalist in 2007.COLD CALLING. ......................................... .MAS-funded credit rating agency with global coverage of 60,000 listed firms in 120 countries.
Provided bespoke portfolio & risk analytics products to financial institutions in South East Asia, Greater China, US, and UK, growing revenues by 600% in 1 year.
Strengthened relationships with clients by regular communicating with client’s C-Suite, upgrading products, and organizing conferences and workshops, expanding the overall client portfolio by 3.2 times.
Led 5 team members to enhance product management, establish an automated CRM system from scratch, design new procedures that advanced operating process and increased team’s work efficiency by 250%.
Coordinated with 6 teams to launch 3 products that measures investment portfolio performance, expected credit loss for financial instrument, and SME credit risk, producing 100% on-time delivery.
Assisted in promoting the application of products to corporate default early warning, stress tests, scenario analysis and trade finance, and be promoted to team leader in 3 months.
Solved client challenges across product offering and regulation consultation, organized trainings and conferences for Taiwan Stock Exchange members, increasing satisfaction of broker-dealers by 150%.
Liaised with trading, listing, surveillance departments to monitor abnormal capital market movements and detect potential defaults, decreasing the number of rule-breaking cases by 50%.
Carried out a canvass of opinions and conducted research to make improvement plan of trading accounts regulations to boost members’ wealth management business and increase the trading flexibility for investors    Ranked top 1% among entry-level employees in the performance evaluation and exceptionally approved by.
CEO to represent Taiwan to attend the forum held by US Securities Exchange Commission in Washington.
Conducted in-house methodology to redefine target customer group and website flows for a Japanese startup travel agency, increasing the number of active online users by 250% and sales revenue by 150%.
Formulated digital business strategies for financial institutions to increase online trading volume and insurance product sales, drawing 85% feedback rate in the first overseas marketing campaign in Taiwan.
2006 – 2010  National Taiwan University of Science and Technology  Taiwan   Bachelor of Business.
LANGUAGES  English (Fluent), Mandarin (Native), Japanese (Basic), Cantonese (Basic), German (Basic).
2011 – 2011  First Capital Futures Co., Institutional Sales Intern  Beijing.
2006 – 2007  ASUS TeK Computer Inc., Product Management Intern  Taiwan.
2010  Acquired Taiwan’s official professional certificate of securities and futures.
2015  Passed the exam of ISO 27001 Lead Auditor by British Standard Institution.
Performed for the celebration of New Year on Beijing’s TV program broadcast in 2011.
Directed 120 dancers in 30 dancing competitions and awarded for “The Best Student Association” in college   Kept the habit of dancing street jazz and Zumba three times a week.I am a reliable and positive person who enjoys challenges and never falters. I aspire to lead and inspire others. I realize my ambitions and how hard I must work towards achieving them. Always very keen to learn and being open to new things and am able to fulfill many set goals. I knowing that besides all these qualities, other skills as well as opportunities are needed in order to succeed. I bear the willpower and tenacity to grow and wish to hone my forte through professional opportunities and engagements.
Procurement, Purchasing & Administrative Executive (Custom Landscaping).
July 2015 – 30th September 2016, Tropical Environment Pte Ltd.
Reason for wanting to leave: Pursue further career and gain more experience in other roles.
Knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices and procedures of Goods procurement, sourcing and purchasing. Good negotiation and time organization. Managing time well and thinking big-picture to meet organization objectives.
Conducting research and sourcing via Internet, catalogues, and trade shows to identify potential suppliers of horticultural materials, civil work materials, landscaping materials and live plants in accordance to Project Requirements.
Negotiated contracts with overseas suppliers and vendor’s accordance to organization’s budgeting.
Preparing procurement plan and documentation for components based upon project requirements.
Detailing statistical break-down and unit cost analysis of goods, online and offline.
Co-ordinate with overseas suppliers/ agents/ various carriers/ co-loaders and vendors to support timely receipt and delivery of shipments.
Preparing import/export documents; eg. Commercial invoice, packing lists and other documents related to goods for freight preparation and for customs clearance.
Monitor shipment arrival by working closely with overseas freight forwarder and local clearing agent.
Ensuring payment for shipments are processed timely and raising necessary paperwork for accounting purposes, in line with company requirements.
Preparing and Issuing Purchase Order and Delivery Order documents by utilizing MYOB and InfoMaster System.
Ensuring complete import documents and goods are in compliance with customs regulations to avoid hitting time constraints and releasing of goods.
Access AVA online Portal to schedule for Post Entry Inspection for import goods (eg.Live Plants).
Maintaining good relations with suppliers, agents, nurseries and greenhouses.
Co-ordinate with Finance Team to meet procurement, purchasing and freight requirements.
Represent company in fronting all Thai clients and overseas suppliers.
Correspond with main-contractor for all landscaping projects (e.g.Apply/Renew Performance Bond).
Secretarial/PA duties as and when required by CEO -- meeting minutes, travel accommodations etc.
Assist with other ad-hoc projects, tasking and assist HR in executing interviews and resume screening periodically.
HR Analyst – Human Resources for MNC (Hiring and Onboarding Process).
Knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices and procedures of human resource field. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Working as a team with others in a fast-paced and engaging environment in fulfilling company’s targets.
Processing offers of employment in accordance with the Hiring and Transferring Policy.
Initiate and monitor onboarding processes, pre-screening and pre-employment activities.
e.g. Background Screenings, Medicals, Relocation and Immigration.
Update SAP records accurately, upload and complete process through usage of MSS/MMT.
Ensure email notification is sent to Payroll and enrollment in Benefits in compliance with HRIS.
Ensures proper recording, approval, and filing/disposal of all documents received by the Service.
Centre, in accordance with established Global Policies and procedural guideline.
Provides backup and assistance to other HR Services Advisors on rotational basis.
Work under direct supervision with managers to handle day to day administration of.
policies and programs covering areas which may include recruitment, compensation.
and benefits, training employee and labour relations, as well as personnel research.
Co-ordinate and liaise with Local HR, HR Business Partner and recruiters.
Handle special projects, as assigned e.g. prioritized and Top-level hiring.
Hiring and Onboarding for Global Productions and Services (Asia Pacific).
Hiring and Onboarding from higher level management to lower level management.
Contact employment candidates and communicate Hiring and Onboarding process until.
Attended Overseas Business Training (1 week) and meeting in Dubai with overseas team.
Scheduled weekly meeting conference call in progression from overseas teams.
Working with third party vendors (e.g. Fragomen (Immigration), HireRight.
TheMI Group (Relocation Company and Relocation Services) and Medical Group (Raffles Medical Clinic).
Administrative Executive/ Beauty and Specialized Scalp and Hair Care.
October 2012 – August 2014, Revamp International Pte Ltd. (PHS Hair Science).
Knowledge of scalp and hair science, attended basic Trichology course conducted by PHS.
General Office Administration, data-entry and document logging.
Maintain complete client satisfaction and experience from start to end.
Handle customer enquiries, complaints and feedback professionally and actively.
Handle incoming calls and taking charge of appointments scheduling.
Misc. data input and tallying of daily sales summary and operations report to respective management.
Multitasking, managing a high volume of customers and time-managing of tasks, visitor traffic-shaping.
Completed SOP training to learn ways to enhance customer satisfaction and improve productivity.
Maintain and uphold professional relationship between staffs.
Customer Service Executive, One ° 15 Marina Club Spa (6 months Internship) 2012.
General Office Administration, data-entry and document logging.
Greeting and assisting guests, maintain good reception. Understanding customer needs.
Basic knowledge on spa’s sales, services and products, product introduction.
Attend to guest enquiries and requests. Customer profiling and scheduling.
Respond to complaint and compliments. Give 2-way feedback tor improvement.
Attend to incoming and outgoing calls and appointments scheduling.
Cashiering, logging sales, furnishing internal sales revenue and records.
Use of good interpersonal and communications skills in day-to-day interaction.
Multi-tasking and working under tight deadlines and schedules.
Learning and sharing with others, create sense and purpose from situations.
Always open to communicating work suggestion, brain-storming or solutions.
Work hand in hand with higher level management on daily basis.
MS Word, MS Excel (creating advanced spreadsheets), MS PowerPoint, MS Paint, Adobe Photoshop (Basics) and Adobe PDF.
SAP NetWeaver Portal (recording and updating employees’ profile).
Personal computing skills including Email Outlook, Social Media and Internet Technologies.
Point-of-Sales Systems, credit card transaction and Nets transactions.
High resolution near zoom scanning system (Scalp analysis).
Languages: Thai (written & spoken), English (written & spoken), Chinese (basic conversational).
2010 - 2012 Bachelor of Arts (HONS) in Business Management, Greenwich University, UK.
2010 Advanced Diploma in Business Administration (ERC Institute, Singapore).
2009 Diploma in Tourism and Hospitality (ERC Institute, Singapore).
2004 - 2008  GCE '0' Levels (Balestier Hill Secondary School).
• Expected Salary: Negotiable      • Availability: Immediately.Languages: _____________________________________________________________________________English, Mandarin, French  _____________.
April 2013 -  Manager - Segment Strategy and Business Development  Present    Regional Treasures and TPC, DBS Bank Ltd.
Business Lead in the execution of Regional Technology Driven Projects cutting across wealth segments and products.
Establish and drive Strategic Regional Initiatives to deliver growth of the regional franchise in customer numbers and Assets Under Management in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Indonesia, China and India.
Developed Regional RM and Customer Migration Principles for all 5 countries.
Coordinated well received Frontline Engagement sessions for DBS Seniors to meet ANZ frontline staff in 5 countries, leading to high offer acceptance rates.
Developed Regional Training Framework in conjunction with HR and COO.
Oversee regional data mapping from a regional business perspective.
Develop a strategy to grow the Offshore Wealth Business regionally.
Plan the creation of new Wealth Segments in DBS Taiwan and Indonesia.
RM Mobility: Business Lead in developing a comprehensive workbench on the iPad that defines the frontline digital strategy across the region. Leveraging on Human Centered Design, UX innovation and Agile delivery to optimize the way that RMs engage clients in Prospecting & Acquisition, Onboarding, Product Sales.
Led the development and go-live of the Treasures Paperless Client.
Led for the development of paperless Unit Trust product sales in Taiwan which formed a blueprint for the rest of the region and a foundational piece for other investment products.
Rolled out a 6 country regional framework for SME Banking and Wealth Banking RMs to refer customers to each other. Recorded >40% increase in referrals and conversion rates from SME to Wealth within 3 quarters.
OET: Successfully oversaw the development, testing and deployment of wealth customers’ self-directed online equities trading to all 3 Wealth Segments in SG.
Vickers Integration: Reintegrated brokerage business (DBS Vickers) and dealers into the SG Treasures and TPC Franchise through change management, enhanced sales and operational processes.
Redesigned and streamlined the front office processes for rollout of Avaloq as a Wealth Investment Product booking platform.
Rolled out platform and process training programme for 200 Relationship.
Launched Treasures Product Leveraging for all priority banking customers.
SG Account and Product Migration: Led a 6-month static data cleanup and subsequent mass migration of 4457 AI client accounts and SGD1.2billion flow product positions to Avaloq.
 Principal contact point for internal service and support in Institutional Banking and Wealth Management, Assets Under Management totaling approximately.
Key liaison between business and operations to coordinate account migration for ringfenced clients.
Formulated Migration Cost Dimensioning for Franchise Head’s approval.
Designed a comprehensive process and coordinated the seamless migration of > 500 accounts and 800 lines of securities over 2 weeks (incl in-flight transactions).
Post migration monitoring: Identified root cause of a critical statement error, proposed a feasible tech solution and devised a Test Strategy that enabled UAT and production rollout to be completed before month end, averting major negative customer experience during statement release.
Initiated an account clean up that lead to savings of $40,000 per annum.
Designed a Regional Market Expense Grid for costs associated with Debt & Equities transfers in 10 markets to enable quick, effective decision making on waivers of transfer fees.
___________________________________________________________________________________.
Global Custody, Securities & Fund Services, Citibank N.A. Singapore.
First point of contact advising clients on matters relating to trades, clearing & settlement, corporate actions, asset transfers, cash transactions and reconciliations, custody billing and fund services.
Identified and resolved problems faced by clients or internal operational challenges quickly and effectively.
_________________________________________________________________________________.
2007 - 2009     Singapore Exchange Limited (SGX) - The Central Depository (Pte) Limited Senior Associate - Corporate Actions Services.
Equities (Dividends and Scrip Dividend Schemes) & Debt Securities.
Managed Corporate Actions Events end-to-end by actively engaging Listco Issuers and their Legal Counsel to manage expectations, mitigate operational risks for Corporate Actions and ensure smooth execution of events.
Worked closely and cohesively with various departments to manage cash and custody transactions for our Corporate Clients, thus enabling them to meet their operational and liquidity needs.
___________________________________________________________________________________.
2004 - 2007     Insurance Agent - Prudential Assurance Singapore (Pte) Limited.
Consistent performance led to achievement of Star Club Award (Top 10% of sales force).
__________________________________________________________________________________________.
2001 – 2004    Nanyang Technological University: Bachelor of Business (IT).I have worked on a wide range of multi-million dollar master planned real estate projects and developments in the United States, Frontier and Emerging Markets. Experienced in concept development, development operations management, contracts management, legal management, financial management and project leadership for large-scale real estate developments. Strong leasing and sales leadership and marketing strategy experience. Highly competent in cross-cultural communications and acting as a bridge between international clients, architects, consultants, etc. and local suppliers.
Recruited in a ‘turn around’ role to take over all operational management of the company to include development, operations, sales and marketing and asset management of retail/office property portfolio with a valuation of approximately $35 million USD. Immediate actions have been focused on increasing revenues, decreasing costs and focusing on a new sales and marketing strategy. Full P&L accountability. MGG is a publicly traded company in Canada.
Recruited to help ‘turn around’ Basra Industrial Community, which had stumbled since opening. Responsible for marketing, leasing and client negotiations for the Basra Industrial Community (BIC), a secure accommodation and life support facility for the oil and gas industry in the North Rumaila oil field in South Iraq. Turn around actions included rebranding BIC, creating a leasing and marketing plan. Achieved 100% occupancy rate and concluded successful negotiations for a land expansion with local Iraqi partner.
Formerly the BDM for the “Iraq Energy City” master planned development in Basra, Iraq. IEC is a 270,000sqm development focused on design-build accommodation, warehouses and offices for the oil and gas industry in Basra, Iraq. Successfully developed and leased more than $25 million USD in real estate in 18 months to International Oil Companies located in Iraq including Shell, Lukoil, and Basrah Gas Company. Responsibilities include leasing and marketing management in addition to fit-outs and real estate development.
After the financial crisis hit Dubai and US, chose to stay in the Middle East and established own real estate advisory company for Middle Eastern and US clients. Some of my projects included:.
Acting as a Senior Consultant for a Saudi Arabian Facilities Management consulting company on behalf of their client, the Saudi Arabian Pension Authority on the 700,000 SM “Information Technology & Communication Complex” in Riyadh, KSA.
Assisting a publicly traded New Zealand real estate technology company with its expansion into UAE, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
Completed two municipal bond offerings in the US totaling $4 million USD.
Additional asset class experience includes car parking, staff housing and light industrial.
Asset Manager/Development Manager for LEED mixed-use, master-planned community.  The project was planned for more than 3,000 units and a construction cost of $600 million USD but was cancelled during the global financial crisis. Responsible for managing development concept and coordinating team of engineers, architects, planners and international law firms under direction Development Director. Later worked on Golden Mile leasing strategy.
Hired by Palmer Investments immediately after finishing business school. While at Palmer Investments functioned first as an analyst, then as Mr. Palmer’s Associate and then as the Development Manager for a portfolio of more than 3,500 acres and a raw-land value of more than $400 million USD. Two key development projects responsible for:.
“New Windsor”, a 204-acre/394 home master planned community located in Windsor, Colorado which had stalled out during the 2001-2003 Colorado real estate slowdown.   Achievements included re-starting the sales and marketing of the development by dismissing existing brokerage team, hiring new sales brokerage team, focusing on sales to entrepreneurial homebuilders and providing subordinated land financing to homebuilders; Additionally, responsible for re-pricing a public bond financing ($7 million USD); dismissing the existing advisory investment bank and retaining a new bond investment bank underwriter and issuing the first tranche of bonds during one of the toughest municipal bond markets in the US.  Project value $30 million.
Los Valles Land & Golf, a 450-acre/209 home master planned community in Los Angeles.  We repositioned the development from a typical suburban development into its “highest and best use” as luxury master-planned community with a private golf club by retaining new engineer of record and value engineering the land plan; Developing a 110% financing capital stack which included raising private equity from a group of High Net Worth Investors; securing bank debt, mezzanine debt, and public bond financing ($70 million USD capital stack). Project value $250 million USD.
Additional development projects included, “Las Lomas” mixed use 900 acre development and “Copa de Oro” 1,200 acres golf course and residential development.
M.B.A. – University of Denver – Emphasis Real Estate Finance.
Founded DU Alumni Chapter which has more than 200 members in GCC countries.World’s leading investment research institution with 3,500 employees in 27 countries.
Sales Director (2013 – 2015) Youngest sales director on China team  China.
Spearheaded regional business in new sales and current business maintenance, expanded Shanghai office from representative office to regional branch in two years.
Exceeded 2013 and 2014 sales target by 44% and 26%; ranked team’s No.1 in 2015 sales in first half of year.
Built and maintained partnership with a local redistributor to promote sales of new product; successfully penetrated new business territory and boosted new product’s business by more than 20% in one year.
first data analyst in China being promoted to Chicago headquarter as Project Manager.
Directed teams of design, tech and data in launch of "Morningstar Future Distribution™" software. Finished project within tight schedule and harvested total revenue of US$100k in 2011.
Managed six analysts across three teams in China and Chicago to continuously improve production efficiency by 25% in six months.
Collaborated closely with tech teams across three offices; integrated existing NASDAQ data feed and saved costs of purchasing data from extra vendors.
Analyzed data false alarms during financial crisis, coordinated in projects to re-design and implement enhanced data monitoring mechanism and decreased number of false alarms by 70%.
Conducted in-depth research on fund performance; implemented additional layers of analyzing process. Method was later introduced to UK and other 4 major markets.
Coached analyst team in Morningstar’s new Israel office and provided guidance on general industry practices, operating procedures, etc.
2015  HBX | Harvard Business School  Pre-MBA Courses on statistics and accounting                          United States.
2004 – 2008  Dongbei University of Finance and Economics  China   B.A, Economics.
LANGUAGES  Mandarin (Native), English (Fluent), Cantonese (Practical), French (Basic – Under study).
Technology startup that specializes in SEM to help e-commerce consumers make better decisions.
Evaluated financial and strategic implications of an acquisition of a U.S media group, which could potentially boost company’s valuation to more than $ 1 billion. Worked with CEO in the effort to quantify the synergy and secure investments from private equity firms.
Led the draft of expansion plan to China market in e-commerce field and researched on possibility of an innovative “comparison” plus “call center” business model.
 Led efforts to benchmark energy sector for a major conglomerate; interviewed experts, consulted firm resources and analyzed data to deliver the proposal.
2011 – 2012  Chicago Math and Science Academy, College Application Mentor  United States.
 Advised an underprivileged student on college application and helped him get into Loyola University.
2009 – 2011  KangYun Foundation, English Translator                                                                       China, United States    Translated fund raising proposals to build primary schools in China; two schools established during tenure.
Cycling: committed cyclist, rode 32 kilometers every workday in Shenzhen; shipped bike to Chicago when transferred.
Mentoring in career development for fresh graduates and young professionals.
Sailing, representing INSEAD on Global MBA sailing competition in Greece and won 1st prize as a team.5 Leedon Heights Singapore 267939| (+65) 9385 9091 lestertanty@gmail.com Available Immediately |.
Re: Application for the position of Derivatives Sales Associate.
Please find this to be my candidacy proposal for the position of Derivatives Sales Associate with Korea Exchange in Singapore.
I am Lester, a Singaporean who graduated from Durham University (UK) with a Masters with Merits.
(2:1) in Management (Finance) in 2016. Additionally, I also hold a Bachelors in Economics and a Diploma in Computer Engineering and had studied in Singapore, United States, Australia, United Kingdom and Germany.
More importantly, I was a former Derivatives Trader with Boomer Capital. During this time, I traded a range of derivatives products, including FX, Fixed Income, Equity, Commodities in Japan, Australia, Singapore and USA.
Prior to my postgraduate studies, I had approximately 5 years of Business Development experience with Aberdeen and Invesco Asset Management, where was with the Institutional Marketing team and my duties included developing new and existing B2B relationships with corporate clients, enhancing working relationships with local and foreign partners which included Banks, MNCs etc as well as marketing the firm’s investment capabilities, conducting training to Relationship Managers, preparing marketing materials to clients and taking part in developing distribution strategy within our coverage area in ASEAN including Singapore, Brunei and Malaysia. During this time, I was part of the team which managed to hit SGD 230million worth of sales in 2015. The products that I marketed included equities, fixed income, FX, distressed debt as well as several multi asset capabilities.
I pride myself as a sale driven, influential and entrepreneurial individual who seeks to pursue a successful career in Business Development. I am a native speaker of English, Mandarin, Cantonese and currently learning Korean.
5 Leedon Heights Singapore 267939| (+65) 9385 9091 lestertanty@gmail.com Available upon 1 Month Notice |.
Graduated with a Masters with Merits (2:1) in Management (Finance) from Durham University. I am a Singapore Postgraduate with professional experience in Business Development, Client Servicing and Products Development. Seeking a Career in Business Development with Korea Exchange.
A ERASMAS European Scholarship Recipient and CAIA 1 Holder, I was a former competitive athlete who is outgoing, confident with a determination to win in the corporate world.
Dissertation Overseas, Mannheim Business School (Germany) (June 2016 – Sep 2016).
MSc with Merits, Management (Finance), Durham University (United Kingdom) (Sep 2015 – Sep 2016).
BBA, Economics & Finance, RMIT University (Australia) (May 2008 - June 2011).
Diploma, Computer Engineering, Temasek Polytechnic (Singapore) (May 2003 – Apr 2006).
Recipient of European Union (EU) Erasmus Program Scholarship.
Dissertation titled shortlisted for Durham Postgraduate Dissertation Awards Program 2017.
Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst (CAIA) Program, CAIA Association.
Certification in Technical Analysis (CTA), Singapore Traders Society (STATS) (March 2011).
Certified in Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAs) Institute of.
Banking & Finance (IBF) Module 1b – Rules & Regulations for Dealing in Securities.
Certified in Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAs) Institute of Banking & Finance (IBF) Module 3 – Fund Management.
Certified in Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAs) Institute of.
Banking & Finance (IBF) Module 5 – Regulations for Financial Advisory Services.
Certified in Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAs) Institute of.
Banking & Finance (IBF) Module 6A – Securities & Futures Product Knowledge.
Certified in Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAs) Institute of.
Banking & Finance (IBF) Module 8A – Collective Investment Scheme II.
Marketing & Client Service Executive, Aberdeen Asset Management (August 2013 – July 2015).
Developed and strengthened relationship with key institutional clients in the Distribution.
Channels and developing distribution strategy within coverage area.
Developed and managed Portfolio of accounts consisting of Banks, Insurers and Independent.
Conducted research on competitor's product offering and provided regular update to board of directors on fresh developments within the Asset Management industry.
Conducted quarterly client due diligence review and screening as well as responsible for all on-boarding processes on behalf of the Distribution Team.
Lead Manager on all Aberdeen Singapore’s preparation of regulatory reports.
Proprietary Derivatives Trader (Equities Index), Boomer Capital (October 2012 – July 2013).
Successfully performing arbitraging and implementing trading strategies such as calendar and butterfly spreads across various derivatives products such as the Australian Bonds Yield Curve, Eurodollar, TED Spread and Nikkei 225 across all exchange.
Part of the Team which generated a total net profit of USD1.2+ million during 2Q13.
Developed a Trend-following algorithm programme using C# and overseeing the back testing phase along with 2 Interns.
Client Service Associate (Institutional Marketing/Client Servicing), Invesco Asset Management (August 2011 – July 2012).
Tasked with growing the money market presence in the ASEANS region. Primary clientele included local companies and MNCs.
Successfully clinched deals worth SGD40+mil in the first year.
Managed key relationship with corporate clients and identify cross selling opportunities with new and existing clients.
Assisted in client servicing of other portfolios including key institutional clients including.
Extraction and provision of daily, weekly and quarterly fund reporting to clients done within a strict timeline as well as authoring bi-weekly comprehensive research report on fund management industry trend.
Market Sector Leader of the Durham University Finance Society Fund Team.
Volunteer with Gentle Paws, a Non-Profit Dog Shelter, and ACRES.Business Development specialist with experience in the Australian financial market sector, skills ranging from retail investment sales to high end Asset Consulting sales. Currently seeking exposure to Singapore financial markets to broaden my knowledge and development.
Identified as an emerging leader with three years sales experience, my passion for financial services, investments and markets makes me a valuable team member. I thrive in a challenging role where client requirements and problem solving are the focus, allowing me to build strong relationships and deliver results.
Masters of Finance (Continued)               2012 - 2016  Bachelor of Business, Sports Management            2009 - 2012.
Manage and complete all end to end sales process for new business and key clients.
Pipeline, strategy, engagement, agitation, solution, pricing, transition of assets, credentials and pitch responsibilities.
People leader duties, part time staff member reporting responsibilities.
Deliver Fortnightly presentation to the business on sales channel progress of key opportunities.
Sales pipeline strategy updates to wider business development team (as required).
Alongside the Head of Global Equities, was JANA’s client contact for New South Wales Treasury Corporation (Central financing agency for the New South Wales public sector) - $62 Billion of assets under advice,.
Marquee client. Asset allocation, manager monitoring, quarterly reporting, attendance at meetings and ad hoc request for fund advice.
Deliver Quarterly updates including reports to Tender Consultants on the JANA business.
Engage with NAB Wealth Directors on prospects (monthly and as required).
Contribute to Private Health Insurance strategy (bank Driven) – Shared clients across the NAB and JANA.
Manage all external engagements regarding JANA marketing, conferencing, partnerships, and ancillary opportunities.
Coordinate annual JANA Conference (wider business) – event management.
Deliver best practice service to new business and client engagement.
General business support around investment queries and business.
Assisting a core team of Advisers providing Superannuation, Pension and Investment account management.
This included assistance amongst investment options, Term deposits, Managed funds, direct shares, executing orders and general administrative assistance.
Core group of advisers who had retail clients with combined portfolio value in excess of $100 million.
Client facing engagement around changes to portfolio’s and confirmation of lifestyle arrangements.
Identified as an emerging leader in the team – coached younger members.
Strong sales results, FY 13-14 sales of $1.3 million for Sydney group.
Top conversion rate of 81% for FY 13-14 investment and superannuation sales.
Energetic and passionate with a high degree of work integrity and attention to detail.
Effective communicator with a reputation as a valuable team member and strong presenter.
Adaptable and resilient to varying challenges including high pressure work environments.
Highly motivated and driven to deliver on goals and objectives.
Can-do attitude towards problem solving with accountability.
Sydney University Professional Business Writing and Presentation course.
The Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia (ASFA), Emerging Leaders Committee.
Equities (domestic market), reading, fitness, financial markets, rugby, mentoring.MBA in Strategic Management from the   , Nanyang Technological.
B.Sc. degree majoring in Management Information Syems from the  Of , .
William is currently working as the Head of Funds Services Technology team in Standard Chartered Bank managing the mission critical investment banking applications (such as Multifonds FA, Multifonds TA, Charles Rivers, Equitrak, etc) supporting the business operation covering Standard Chartered Bank’s (SCB) global foot prints. His responsibilities include end-to-end management of projects and application enhancements, vendor management and working closely with the business stakeholders to implement technology strategies to transform the business.
Prior joining SCB, William headed CitiBank’s Asia Pacific Securities & Funds Services Technology team in Singapore Regional Head office, William was overall responsible for driving the Securities and Funds Services Business Solutions as well as managing all project implementations for all APAC countries.
FUNCTIONAL TITLE: Head of Funds Services Technology (2007 – 2011, 2012 – 2014, 2016 - Present).
Work closely with the business stakeholders to implement strategy plans to transform the business.
End-to-end management of projects and applications, vendor management on the day-to-day basis.
Manage mission critical applications and driving business solutions to support the business needs.
Balance and prioritize between business enhancement requests and resource availability to support business initiatives.
Group Technology Techwiz Award Jan – Jun 2010 for GIS Risk and Policy, Technology Solution Delivery.
Worked closely with head of business to enhance business product offerings and planned out the technology roadmaps for Funds Services business.
Successfully implemented 5 mission critical applications (Multifonds, Equitrak, CRIMS, MFTA, and Korea Offshore Trustee System) to enable business expansions.
Built a rong and lean Funds Services Technology team in Singapore as well as in Chennai, India to support all business needs with a track record of zero Severity 1 & 2 incident since implementation.
Successfully built the necessary skills internally and reduced vendor support cost by 75%.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
FUNCTIONAL TITLE: Head of Technology - Securities & Funds Services (2005 – 2007).
Managing the Securities & Funds Services team to support Citi’s of 7 mission critical application systems (SECORE, SFE, COPES, CDI, Billing, CDS, Multifonds) on various platforms ensuring availability and daily operational readiness as well as support any business initiatives in Global Custody, Direct Custody Clearing and Funds Admin services to keep up with the market practice.
Managing a team of over 60 staff delivering quality solutions on budget on time as well as ensuring compliant to the SDLC.
Plan & strategize technology investments inline with business objectives and directions as well as working closely with  and  teams to ensure global technology alignment.
Replaced entire non-performing support vendor team with a strong highly disciplined team.
Set up meaningful and effective controls and checking procedures to guide and improved team performance as well as service quality.
Successfully reduced the production errors by 80% in 6 months.
Winning appreciations and recommendations from business operations heads.
Fine tuned the systems to improve through put and reduces cost per transaction. Provided the technology services that secured the Best Custodian Bank Award for  with 97% STP.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
COMPANY: Cuisine Spontanae Pte Ltd & Savannah International Holdings Pte Ltd.
Responsible for company’s revenue and reporting to shareholders.
Managed to establish an impressive list of clientele from the ministers, ambassadors, to market movers and shakers in the financial industry as well as numerous write-ups in newspapers and magazines.
Established 2nd venture in Savannah International Holdings in 1.5 years.
Won the first and largest funding from Spring Singapore in 2004.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
FUNCTIONAL TITLE: Regional Strategic Director (2002 – 2003).
Assist IBM in managing its regional event marketing effort.
Successfully executed IBM’s ONE VOICE campaign across , , ,  and .
Strategized and executed many unique and successful events for the client wining praises from the Singapore Managing Director.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
Enhance and maintain the bank’s key mission critical VR application.
Effectively supported the ever changing needs of the  where the bank is going through a major expansion in call center technology.
Successfully select a CRM solution to help the call center to track all client interfaces and enhance client experience.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
FUNCTIONAL TITLE: CRM Solution Regional Channel Sales Manager (2000 – 2001).
Engage and develop Sales channel business partners in the whole  region.
Promote AVAYA’s flagship products in telecommunications and Sale of Client Relation Management Solution through road shows and client forums.
Develop and support in-country business partners’ sales activities and close the sales cycle.
Eablished Strong relationships and buy-ins with business partners in Asean countries to promote AVAYA’s flagship products.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
Managing the technology covering both hardware infraructure as well as the software applications for the Securities broking business.
Managing the team to ensure syem availability for the initution dealers as well as the back office settlement & cuodian syems.
Fulfill any syem enhancement reques to meet regulatory or client demand.
Reructured the exiing IT team to improve functional efficiencies as well as defined the procedures for effective operations.
Led the team to set up the Server/Data Center that met the indury andard.
Implemented ate of art infraructures and security procedures.
Pioneered and developed an Internet/mobile Trading Syem, Warburg Internet Trading System (WITS) that was the front runner among the competitors during those days.
Successfully commercialized the syem through public road shows.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
COMPANY: Deutsche Morgan Grenfell Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd.
Provide IT solutions to Deutche Morgan Grenfell’s regional securities business.
Provide business solution to support the business initiatives.
Mange the technology to ensure zero interruption to the business operations.
Promoted to position after successfully implemented a back-office settlement syem converting from AS/400 to Windows in HK and a front office UNIX based trading syem in .
Successfully designed, developed and implemented an EIS syem called Trade Reporting Syem to provide a consolidated view of the daily trading activities in 5 Asian branches with the options to drill down to the fine details to track the performance of each, branch, each dealers, client exposure and effectiveness of the in-house research team.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
Provide Syem Evaluation & Consultation services to clients in different induries.
Successfully selected and implemented syems for two major clients.
Successfully engaged clients through out the projects and winning praises from clients for the professional conduct as well as on-time, on-target, on- budget deliveries.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
COMPANY: KPMG Peat Marwick Management Consultants Pte Ltd,.
Lead a team of developers to deliver solutions to KPMG’s clients.
Manage Clients expectation and develop client relationships.
Designed a PC based accounting syem for a major law firm in  tracking consultancy fees and client deposits for accounting reporting.
Successfully turned failing relationships with 4 major banks in  and turned the non-profitable projects into profitable projects.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
Worked as part of a team, successfully developed the flagship product MVP, an insurance Accounting syem for insurance company in the .
Selected as member of the elite research team to develop the next generation product.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
Maintain in-house employee insurance benefit application.
Design and code enhancements to the in- house employee insurance benefit application.
Effectively maintained the employee insurance programs on the company’s IBM DOS mainframe syem.
********************************************************************************************************************************.
Address : Block 583, Pasir Ris Street 53, #13-29, Singapore 510583.Independent Advisor – Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A)                 Dubai, UAE.
Accordion is a New York based boutique advisory that specializes in strategic & corp. finance, restructuring & reorganization, performance improvement and interim management with a particular focus on post-acquisition value creation for portfolio companies of financial investors/ sponsors.
Senior member of the regional management team for Middle East & Africa, acting as the Informal Chief of Staff to the CEO and COO.
Leading special projects & initiatives that  provide operational, strategic & analytical support to the CEO,COO &  leadership team.
Supporting the leadership team in client & business development with particular emphasis on M&A and IPO related work.
Leading the project oversight of various initiatives related to bank’s Corporate Gov, compliance/ regulation and operations.
Contractor Advisor - Private Equity and M&A  Focus   / 15 month Advisory Contract                  Dubai, UAE.
Engagement manager focused primarily on advising regional and international Private Equity Funds, SWFs, Corporates as well as family groups on Investment due diligence, M&A, Corp Finance, performance improvement and operational restructuring.
Investment Director - Private Equity, Direct Investments & Global Joint Ventures                                            Riyadh, KSA.
Senior member of a of a US multi-billion principal investment platform focusing on investments in all sectors and asset classes across the capital structure.
Direct, Strategic Investments & Internal M&A - MENA, Asia & Europe.
Developing and consistently revaluating the group’s strategy/ investment thesis.
Heading the end-to-end M&A deal execution process for all investments & divestitures (i.e. Overseeing investment screening, commercial, financial & legal due diligence, valuation & transaction structure and end term sheets/ SPAs/ SHAs etc).
Raising co-investment capital for direct Investments from institutional partners (i.e. PE funds, SWFs, Family Groups etc.).
Monitoring the investment portfolio and supporting value creation through business development, strategy and analytics.
Managing the screening and selection effort of fund managers (GPs)  that align with the group’s Investment strategy.
Leading the screening, evaluation and investment in yield generating real estate opportunities across MENA and Asia.
Assisting the head of business development in sourcing strategic alliances/ collaborations with foreign corporates seeking local partners for their MENA market entry.
Industry generalist advising regional and international Private Equity Funds, Corporates, family groups and governments on a variety of strategy, Investment management,  M&A, Corp. Finance  and  operational restructuring related engagements.
Dubai Group Holding – Investment Professional -  Private Equity -   Secondment      2008.
Seconded for 3 months as a senior investment professional reporting to the CEO & CIO of a division of Dubai Group (UAE Sovereign Wealth Fund) focused on direct Investments and joint ventures in consumer/ retail finance across Emerging Europe, Asia and MENA. Offered to join the team full basis post secondment.
Program Associate – Microfinance Strategy & Development                      New York, USA.
Member of a cross regional & functional internal Microfinance consulting team, covering the MENA as well as Central & E. Africa.
University of Western Ontario - Richard Ivey School of Business -   Canada        2004 - 2006.
Note: Value of deal does not necessarily include investment participation    **Deals taken to advanced stages but not completed… ** Portfolio deals are pure M&A.
SELECTED PRIVATE Equity & PEFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT advisory Engagements.
Languages: English & Arabic • Citizenship: Canada, Bahrain.
Partial buyout of a MENA Arm of a European industry specialist  PE Fund.
Co-Investment in a Specialty Healthcare Services Provider.
Co-investment  - Buyout of a Chemical & Equipment Distributor  (Oil & Gas).
Co-Investment - Buyout of a Waste, Sanitation & Environmental Services Provider (primarily servicing Oil & Gas, Petrochems and Industrials).
Portfolio of warrants linked to an Emerging Markets Telcom Operator.
Co-Investment in a greenfield Automotive Parts Manufacturer.
Co-Investment in an Automotive Services & Parts Provider**.
Co-Investment in a Low Cost Housing Project (Greenfield)**.
Co-Investment (buyout) - Construction Products Manufacturer & Distributor**.
Co-mezzanine financing for a Turnkey Interior contractor &  manufacturer**.
Branded Credit Card JV  with an E. Euro FMCG conglomerate (Greenfield)**.
Investment in a Credit Card Refinancing Firm (greenfield)**.
Investment in of  a portfolio of  Credit Card Asset-backed securities**.
Private Placement (Equity) for a leading Hospitality Group in the GCC.
Portfolio assessment analysis for a holding company that included the evaluation of its core and non-core assets/ companies in preparation for divesture as part of a restructuring. Assignment included a broad sale-process preparation for a number of holding companies assets tagged for divesture.
Control buyout of a MENA based generic pharmaceuticals manufacturer.
Acquisition of a major public transport service provider as part of a privatization.
Turnaround  (financial & operational) of a major public transport company that  included (1) asset divestment & re-capitalization strategy (2) securitizations of major revenue streams 4) operational re-structuring of key subsidiaries (5) development of a core infrastructure/asset  investment strategy.
Feasibility study for the PE fund's portfolio company (FMCG retailer)  expansion's into MENA (study included  mini diligence of potential M&A targets).
Control acquisition of a major MENA based restaurant chain group.
Product line optimization/ rationalization strategy for an FMCG Producer across multiple markets – Study included a mini new market entry feasibility study.
Buyout of a US based Mining Chemicals manufacturer with significant operating interests across the Middle East & Africa.
New market entry assessment  and valuation appraisal for a telco license bid.
Valuation  of non-core investment and development of a M&A restructuring strategy as well as a  Corp. Governance & controls  prep ahead of a local listing.
Feasibility study of a MENA based Affordable Housing Project.
Feasibility study and investment memo development for a MENA based  Renewables Energy project.
Modeling exercise to assess the profitability & valuation impact of various operating and strategy related decisions/ scenarios.#2604 Latifa Tower, Sheik Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
+971-56-557-7322  |  bomflhy@gmail.com  |   Korean Citizen; Singapore Permanent Resident (PR) ; UAE Work Visa holder.
Vice President;  Private equity firm based in Singapore and Dubai with AUM of c.USD 800 mn  2015-Present Joined a newly established regional PE fund focused on Southeast Asia, South Asia, Africa and the Middle East;  First financial close in Apr-2015;  Executed three investments during the first 10 months with ~US$ 120 million capital deployed.
(based in Singapore); Relocated to Dubai office in Sep-16 to set up a deal team focusing on Africa / Middle East opportunities.
Alcazar Energy Partners, a renewable energy development company focusing on the Middle East, Turkey and Africa (“META”) region; Co-investment with IFC and Mubadala Infrastructure Partners for Series-A equity raising.
PT Indomarco Prismatama (“Indomaret”), Indonesia’s largest mini-market and convenience stores network operator; Coinvestment with TPG and Northstar Group in the form of convertible bond with put option.
Export Trading Group (“ETG”), a leading agricultural commodity trader in Africa, in the form of mezzanine facility with call option for underlying shares in pledge.
Associate Director, Chemicals & Refining Team (Investment Banking Division)   2009-2014.
Engaged in origination and execution of deals in downstream refining and chemicals sector in Asia; Contributed to setting up the Refining Practice and sector expertise within the team; Top-rated performer in five consecutive years Selected M&A and Capital Market Transaction Experiences:.
Petron Corp’s US$600 million acquisition financing for Esso Malaysia downstream business in 2012.
Essar Energy’s US$1.35bn acquisition financing for Shell’s Stanlow refinery in UK in 2011.
Jurong Aromatics Corporation’s US$1.5 billion project financing for senior and subordinated debts in 2011.
Aditya Birla Group’s US$900mn acquisition of Columbian Chemicals in 2011.
Standard Chartered Private Equity’s INR500mn strategic investment in PI Industries in 2010.
Summer Associate, Investment Banking Division  Summer, 2008.
Assisted in execution of Tong Yang Life IPO, the first IPO of Korean life insurance company;  helped documentation of institutional and retail selling memorandum, offering circular and investors presentations.
Executed pre-IPO due diligence of USD500mn oil & gas company in China,  reviewed regulatory requirements for dual-listing in Hong Kong and U.S, and provided daily equity market updates for transaction.
Engaged in a buy-side strategic advisory for Korean conglomerate to acquire a leading construction company for USD6.6bn in cash, from due diligence to execution and post-acquisition integration for 18 months; The largest auction deal in 2006.
Built 10-year financial projection model of target company;  used for DCF valuation to determine the bid price for auction.
Led six senior employees from acquiror to review target company’s profitability and growth potential by performing in-depth industry analysis;  output incorporated in valuation modeling.
Collaborated with investment bankers to engage equity sponsors by pitching on road show to 15+ financial sponsors;  efforts resulted in raising USD3.8bn (58% of total consideration), from 11 financial sponsors.
Engaged in 8 projects across 7 industries including financial services, energy and power, media and entertainment, industrials, high technology and logistics, from vision and strategy set-up to operational improvement.
Built financial projection model for USD250mn technology company under acquisition consideration by USD15bn conglomerate in Korea, analyzed target’s business model and evaluated synergy potential.
Analyzed Korean logistics market and 5-year growth potential for USD80bn global logistics company in U.S;  presented results to corporate strategy group executives to determine location for East Asian regional hub.
Military Service (1997-2000): Presidential Security Force, Republic of Korean Air Force (Seoul Airport).
Certification: Passed U.S CPA exam in 2002 (Delaware, average score 97.2/99).
Interests: Fitness (qualified personal trainer); golf (USGA handicap 10.2).
•  Master of Business Administration (MBA),  Major in Finance.
Bachelor of Business Administration; Bachelor of Arts in Economics; GPA 3.7/4.0 (Highest Honor).
Michigan State University, Exchange student (2001): GPA 4.0/4.0 (Dean’s List).ncome Sales/Credit Sales with 7 years of experience covering client base in Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, and Hongkong.
e.g. USD High Grades, USD High Yield, USD Sukuk, and Local Currency Bonds (SGD and IDR).
PT Mandiri Sekuritas Singapore Branch, Singapore           September 2013 - Present  Institutional Sales, Assistant Vice President.
PT Mandiri Sekuritas is the Investment Banking arm of PT Bank Mandiri (Persero) Tbk (Bloomberg ticker: BMRI IJ.
One of the founding team member of the first Indonesian securities house based in Singapore aimed to promote and market Indonesian bonds towards offshore investors in Asia.
n primary market e.g. Republic of Indonesia (USD and EUR), Republic of Indonesia Sukuk (USD), Pakuwon Jati (USD), Ciputra Residence (SGD), and IDR Corporate Bonds totaled more than USD 200 Mio  n USD Indonesian and Asian Credits.
SJS Markets Pte Ltd, Singapore               March 2012 – August 2013  Fixed Income Institutional Sales, Assistant Vice President.
ed-sell Asian bond transactions among other SJS Markets branches in Hongkong, Dubai, and Lausanne.
PT Mandiri Sekuritas Tbk, Jakarta – Indonesia                October 2009 – February 2012  Fixed Income Institutional Sales, Analyst.
Deutsche Bank AG, Jakarta – Indonesia                     July 2008 – September 2009  Global Transaction Banking Graduate Trainee, Analyst.
Cash Management Corporate, Trade Finance, Domestic Custody Services, and Capital Markets Sales divisions.
University of Indonesia (UI), Jakarta, Indonesia                         2004 – 2008.Passed all three levels of the CFA Program and may be eligible for the CFA Charter upon completion of the required work experience.
Passed APLMA Syndicated Loan Markets Certificate Examination.
Merit Bachelor of Arts and Social Sciences (Major in Economics).
‘A’ Levels Subjects & corresponding grades:  Mathematics (B), Chemistry (B), Economics (A).
Origination of debt/ loan transaction to meet annual income target.
Preparation of credit papers and presenting to  credit committee for approval.
Geographical coverage: ASEAN ( including Myanmar/ Cambodia).
Distribution of loan assets if required to increase non-asset based income.
Position: Business Development Manager (Intermediaries Distribution).
Enhance regional distribution of UCITS & SDUT fund products.
Management of collaterals, marketing materials, factsheets, newsletters to engage investor community.
Responding to queries in a timely and accurate manner, in consultation with product specialists/ fund managers.
Maintaining & fostering strong relationship with potential and existing investors to enhance distribution channels.
Carrying out pre screening and due diligence on potential loan/debt transactions.
Assist fund managers in sourcing for potential deals which fits the company’s mandate.
Maintaining & fostering strong relationship with sell-side financial institutions for future business collaboration opportunities.
September 2010 – September 2012         Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation.
Position: Senior Associate (Investment Banking Asia, Syndications, South Asia Group).
Preparation of Underwriting Memorandum & pitching materials to secure deal mandates.
Involved in organizing and coordinating syndication road shows for networking and investor meeting purposes.
Support the relationship managers in structuring term sheet and loan documentation.
Distribution of loan assets via primary or secondary route.
Maintaining & fostering strong relationship with buy-side financial institutions to enhance asset distribution opportunities.
Developing the bank’s loan syndication franchise with major loan originators for each geographical & market segment.
Assess credit worthiness of potential transaction through fundamental analysis & research.
Generating credit reports in both traditional Chinese and English.
Involved in investor meetings/ road-shows for networking and business development purposes.
Coordinate and ensure smooth daily operations with other departments.
Involved in restructuring exercises and special asset management.
April’ 13 to March ‘14: Left previous position due to urgent family matters and assist in family business.
If required, letters of recommendation issued by previous superiors can be provided.
Strong public-relation communication skills (perform emcee duties for Corporate Events).
Proficient in usage of databases such as Morningstar Direct & Bloomberg.3 years of experience in Asset Management in Southeast Asia.
Product Management experience supporting growth of H20 Asset Management in Singapore.
Solid analytical & financial modelling skills, proven data-driven mind-set & strong client relationship management capabilities.
3 years of experience in Asset Management in Southeast Asia.
Product Management experience supporting growth of H20 Asset Management in Singapore.
Solid analytical & financial modelling skills, proven data-driven mind-set & strong client relationship management capabilities.
3 years of experience in Asset Management in Southeast Asia.
Product Management experience supporting growth of H20 Asset Management in Singapore.
Solid analytical & financial modelling skills, proven data-driven mind-set & strong client relationship management capabilities.
Contribute to Business Development efforts in Southeast Asia (Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines & Brunei).
Travel to Philippines & Malaysia to support launch events & sales efforts.
Conducted fact-finding mission in Jakarta to assess Retail market opportunities In Indonesia.
Meet with clients & prospects to better understand local product needs & regulatory framework.
Assist team in identifying product gaps & opportunity among existing clients’ line-ups.
Provide dedicated fund comparisons & analytics from pitch to on-boarding.
Act as facilitator between client & operation teams, increasing speed to funding stage.
Assisted in organizing & hosting major client events with Top 40 clients across SEA.
Contacted, pitched and successfully convinced top clients & prospects form Philippines to attend.
Hosted recap sessions designed to summarize material covered by speakers in an entertaining way.
Provides in-depth analysis of products & flows across the SEA region.
Facilitates product gap identification to allow timely product sales pitch.
Product Management support for the Global Macro Fixed Income division (H2O AM LLP).
Developed performance analysis tool on VBA to provide accurate and consistent analysis to investors.
Created presentation materials tailored to Singapore investors, used by PMs in Roadshows & Symposiums.
Sales Support to the Institutional and Wholesale/Retail sales teams.
Analyse Natixis funds’ performance versus peers, providing discussion points to the Sales teams.
Coordinate relationship between the Singapore office and both internal and external project teams.
Represent the Singapore office’s business perspective in a major infrastructure transformation.
Analysis of Emerging Market Debt investments in the UK, the Netherlands and Eastern Europe.
Interviewed 40+ major UK, Dutch and Eastern European institutional investors.
Analysed combined holdings of €50bn and exposure levels to the EMD asset class.
Strategic Due Diligence of a 120m€+ company in the food-processing industry for 2 private equity funds.
Mapped company vs. its competitors on revenues, profitability and market adequacy criteria.
Conducted bottom-up market sizing by interviewing 15+ competitors, clients and market experts.
Consulting mission to help Canal+ Africa design a new offering.
Quantitatively modelled each scenario through a detailed Business Plan.
Presented our analysis’ results in front of Canal+ Africa’s CEO.
Valuation analysis of a new market for Canal+ France’s advertisement sales division.
Created a quantitative model in order to value total market size and growth potential.
Led interviews with the division’s management team in order to structure the analysis.
Credit Research Analyst Assistant on European Banking Sector.
Analysed and issued recommendations on credit quality of twenty European banks.
Strongly contributed to a research paper on Spanish saving banks, downloaded 250+ times.
Worked in Spanish, in close collaboration with Natixis’ Madrid team.
Completed all 3 levels of the CFA program back-to-back on first attempt:.
CFA Level I exam passed on Dec. 2014, Level II exam passed on Jun. 2015, Level III exam passed on Jun. 2016.
Main modules: Financial Modelling & Valuation ; Corporate finance, investments and financial markets.
Main modules: Strategic analysis, Financial assets and actuarial valuation, Portfolio management.
Main modules: Strategic management ; Risk management in financial institutions ; Managerial accounting.
Bloomberg, Morningstar Direct, HOLT, Mercer Insight , Dealogic, Thomson One, Lionshare (Factset).
Raised 10,000€+ by turning-around the society’s operations through online payment integration.
Awarded the “Delegation Award” for our team’s participation to the largest Model UN (5,000+ students).Fund raising for  Structured Credit/ Real estate Credit/ Distress Debt strategies of Edelweiss.
Building and maintaining relationships with diverse set of investors - Endowments, pensions, Family offices, asset managers and private banks.
Ideating and structuring new investment ideas around alternative assets.
On boarding of Edelweiss private credit and real estate credit funds on private banking platform.
Responsible for developing and maintaining relationships with institutional clients and private banks.
Structuring bespoke solutions for accessing Indian fixed income, internally leveraged and hedged for FX.
Mobilized over $130 million in the Indian fixed income fund within 6 months of joining the firm.
Exceeded the revenue target ($1.5m) by over 50% two years in a row.
Won a mandate from Korean institutions for Indian equities and fixed income.
Vice President, Deep Management and Eco Consultants                         April 2009–January 2010 & June 2010 -July 2013.
Acquired, managed and retained high net worth and institutional  relationships.
Supported growth of assets under management of the firm from $48 million to $ 87 million in 3 years.
Instrumental in setting up real estate advisory business for clients with a $80 million mixed use residential and 5 star hotel complex.
Conducted financial need analysis and identified the client’s risk profile.
Designed investment portfolio based on house view of the company and conducted periodic reviews.
Generated trading calls for swing and positional trades based on technical analysis.
Used technical analysis for active management of client portfolios which outperformed the benchmark by 470bps.
Nominated for the Capital Land " Best student of the year" for 2014.
Winner of various awards at the national level for top performance in mutual fund industry.Well rounded individual with a natural talent to connect and build rapport with people. His extensive sales experience has helped to hone his interpersonal & relationship management skills. Has a proven ability to work in a culturally diverse and fast paced environment. Possess strong analytical skills with exceptional attention to detail. Is self driven and willing to work beyond the call of duty.
Bachelor of Science in Business (Second-Lower Honours), Singapore Institute of Management.
OCBC BANK – Commercial Banking Cash, Corporate Wealth          Jul2016-Present.
Acquiring and managing a portfolio of High Net Worth local/regional corporate clients including NBFIs, Trusts and NPOs, with deposits of up to $200million and annual turnover of up to $300million.
Consistently met monthly sales targets and achieved 240% for overall yearly KPI in 2016.
In-charge of new strategic initiatives to acquire and capture market share of clients from the NPO industry.
Conducting in-depth research and analysis on the NPO industry to spearhead design of new strategic products.
Actively work with internal teams to draft sales proposals and lead sales pitches to key stakeholders.
Dealing with company's cash management services, Bonds, FX, Structured Deposits and Derivatives products.
Work closely with loans, risk and credit team to prepare credit proposals and credit analysis.
Conducting annual review on portfolio clients including due diligence, revenue projection, market analysis.
Keeping up to date on latest trends and regulations such as Basel III, FATCA and CRS.
OCBC BANK – Commercial Banking Cash, International Funds         Aug2015-Jun2016.
Acquired and managed a portfolio of asset management companies and fund related entities (VCs, PE funds,.
Trustees, SPVs, family offices), with deposits of up to $300million and annual turnover of up to $2Billion.
Acquired and managed a strong network of international partners such as fund administrators, law firms, audit firms, family offices, LPs, trust companies and associations.
Consistently met monthly sales targets and achieved 150% for overall yearly KPI in 2016.
Well-versed in different fund structures and their investment strategies in various jurisdictions.
Coordinated closely with internal teams (Mezzanine capital, Venture debt, Legal, Treasury, Escrow, Brokerage).
Conducted extensive due diligence on clients, including management, business model, AML/CFT checks, risk review, market and vetting through financials, PPM, M&AA/Constitution, Investment agreement and Trust deed.
Ensured transactions were performed swiftly (e.g. during capital call, deal execution, LBO, pre-IPO, exit).
Won the Team award of “Excellence in New Revenue Initiatives” during the OCBC Bank Global Enterprise Banking Awards 2015.
Conducted in-depth research and analysis on the VC and asset management industry and spearheaded design of new strategic products catered to fund managers and portfolio companies.
Provided advisory on customized cash management solutions to fund managers and portfolio companies.
OCBC BANK – Commercial Banking Cash, Corporate Wealth          May2013-Jul2015.
Managed and grew a portfolio of High Net Worth local/regional corporate clients including NPOs, with deposits from $5million - $100million and annual turnover of up to $100million.
Consistently met monthly sales targets and achieved 250% for yearly KPI in 2014 and 150% in 2013.
Awarded Top 3 Performer in Annual Star Awards in 2014 and 2013.
Dealt with company's cash management services, Bonds, FX, Structured Deposits and Derivatives products.
Conducted annual review on portfolio clients including due diligence, revenue projection, market analysis.
Initiated weekly competitor analysis reports on Fixed Deposit and Structured Deposit rates.
In-charge of strategic planning projects to increase company’s market share.
Acquired corporate accounts for new startups and cross-sold full range of Business Banking products.
Met and acquired more than 1000 new corporate accounts yearly and achieved 150% for yearly KPI.
Conducted extensive due diligence on new clients including management, business model, AML/CFT checks, risk review, market, competition and vetting through M&AA/Constitution and supporting documents.
In-charge of 2 branches for their Business Banking needs and managed a portfolio of secretarial and law firms.
Worked and coordinated closely with managers in the trade, credit and loans department.
Conducted market research for clients in various industries and collated feedback from targeted markets.
Made cold calls, surveys, interviews and consolidated daily data.
Involved in beta-testing and large scale implementation of a new auditing program.
Conducted analysis through corporate data processing and submitted daily error reports.
Awarded Top 3 Performer in Annual Star Awards in 2014 and 2013.
Dealt with company's cash management services, Bonds, FX, Structured Deposits and Derivatives products.
Conducted annual review on portfolio clients including due diligence, revenue projection, market analysis.
Initiated weekly competitor analysis reports on Fixed Deposit and Structured Deposit rates.
In-charge of strategic planning projects to increase company’s market share.
Acquired corporate accounts for new startups and cross-sold full range of Business Banking products.
Met and acquired more than 1000 new corporate accounts yearly and achieved 150% for yearly KPI.
Conducted extensive due diligence on new clients including management, business model, AML/CFT checks, risk review, market, competition and vetting through M&AA/Constitution and supporting documents.
In-charge of 2 branches for their Business Banking needs and managed a portfolio of secretarial and law firms.
Worked and coordinated closely with managers in the trade, credit and loans department.
Conducted market research for clients in various industries and collated feedback from targeted markets.
Made cold calls, surveys, interviews and consolidated daily data.
Involved in beta-testing and large scale implementation of a new auditing program.
Conducted analysis through corporate data processing and submitted daily error reports.
Manage the finances and ensure the transparency and solvency of the non-profit organization.
In-charge of all bookkeeping tasks, financial reporting, budget plans and compliance with local tax regulations.
Advised the board on financial strategy, cash flow management and investments.
Head of Investment committee with the aim to increase investment revenue and identify new revenue streams.
In-charge of sourcing for sponsorships, fundraising, grants, preparing and presenting funding proposals.
Represented Singapore Chapter to attend events and conferences organized by sister Chapters in APAC.
Acting as chief administrative officer, in-charge of the overall functioning of the organization.
Providing adequate oversight and unbiased professional and correct advice to the executive committee.
In-charge of maintaining efficient communications between 4 local reporting chapters and over 100 members.
In-charge of liaising with national representatives from over 100 member countries and attending high-profile meetings and global conferences on behalf of the organization.
Meeting with leaders of other international organizations to arrange partnerships or other beneficial contracts.
Advisor for the Haze and MERS Awareness Programme, jointly organized by People’s Association.
The All-Rounder Student (ARS) Development Programme is launched to groom an elite group of selected final year students, whom are deemed to be the best representation of SIM, and equip them with the necessary skills to be career-ready and employable.
Represented Singapore in the 1st All Asia Open Kyokushin-kan Karate Championship 2010 held at Malaysia.
Awarded Champion in the National Ashihara Karate Sabaki Tournament 2001.
In-charge of organizing events, club meetings and ensured the safety of over 40 members during training.
In-charge of overseeing the attainment of financial support, liaising with school staff and managing of funds.
Languages: English, Mandarin        Skills: Certified Microsoft Office Specialist–Excel 2010 Expert      EXSA Awards: Star(2017,2016).Contact number   +65 9846 4566 (Mobile); +65 6556 9345 (Residence).
Jul-03  -   Jun-06   Singapore Institute of Management  BSc Banking and.
Jul-97  -   Jun-00   Temasek Polytechnic Singapore   Diploma in Product.
The client servicing role needs the individual to undertake responsibility to manage and further build positive working relationships with a portfolio of regional and global asset owners and asset managers.
He is required to be a senior escalation contact for a variety of operational and non-operational related queries, whereby he will work towards to ensure service delivery meets clients and business expectations. The individual will also be required to interact with the head of departments and occasionally engages directly with the c-suite executives.
Understand the client’s strategy and requirements to enable BNP Paribas Securities Services to deliver on the client needs.
Create a strong understanding of the client needs throughout operations and across the business.
Manage the operational contact between client and operational areas by ensuring a full understanding of the client’s needs and expectations across the organisation and providing clarity for the actions required to service the client.
Identify and produce appropriate key management information / business metrics (based on the global standards) to communicate and facilitate the client relationship.
Document, coordinate and oversee resolution of problems or issues affecting the quality of service delivery and the overall client experience.
Identify and coordinate service delivery modifications in response to changes in the client activities by raising change projects within the existing service scope.
Ensure proper coordination of relationships with third parties related to the client activity, including third party asset managers, auditors and external middle office service providers.
Host client service governance meetings and conduct client reviews and due diligence visits for existing clients.
Engage the Operations teams in the pursuit of service quality delivery and improvement.
Facilitate the resolution of escalated operational issues across the organisation by establishing and overseeing a formal service governance framework.
Monitor the performance of the service delivery against the operating procedures and service levels agreed with the client.
Use issue logs (query database) for review both internally and with the client.
Maintain action plans and Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for each client relationship and ensure they are fit for purpose and up to date.
Manage the client contact for the on-boarding, account opening processes and coordinate activities with the business implementation, product team and various departments for new business take on.
Work with internal stakeholders and client to conform to risk, compliance and regulatory requirement (including Outsourcing register, AML/ KYC, FATCA and PDPA).
Ensure consistent messages are delivered to the client around business recovery incidents in accordance to issued guidelines.
Consolidate activity-specific information (including metrics and KPIs) provided by Operations.
Maintain individual client KPI and MI pack, and utilizing the data to identify service delivery improvement across all business lines.
Undertaking and successful delivery of RFP in a time constrained environment.
Contribute to the development of BNP Paribas Securities Services brand and market reputation.
Review and alignment of MIS and KPI presentation pack to clients for global and local performance and service review. This results in a more intuitive and relevant representation of the data and measurement for both client and service provider.
Developed, introduced and implemented the “Client Satisfaction Dashboard”. This enables the different business lines to be reviewed periodically from a client’s perspective. It also allows the senior management committee to track the performance of each business line. Trends can easily be extrapolated for improvement programme or strategic review. The project was presented to and endorsed by the CEO as well as the senior management committee.
Committee member in rolling out and implementing job scope alignment / migration project. This enhances efficiency and effectiveness on issue resolution and escalation resulting in corporate alignment, additional capacity / cost saving (approx. 2 FTE).
Prime Services Middle Office Asia require a high achieving individual who is capable of interacting directly with a variety of regional and global clients and acting as the client's go-to for all Prime Services operational queries.
He needs to maintain a positive working relationship with the front office Client Relationship.
Representative (CSR), and work alongside the front office / traders where required.
He takes responsibility for a number of clients, acting as an operational contact for a variety of queries (includes asset servicing, collateral, stock loan, swap, settlements [NDF trades inclusive], payments, etc), being the client’s primary operational point of contact. He would also be responsible for maintaining individual client MI, and utilizing the data in order to identify process improvements and cost/risk reduction for both the client and the firm.
Build strong effective relations with global departments, driving change or perspective where appropriate.
Interface with departments to glean information, disseminate, acting accordingly.
Communicate effectively, responding to verbal and non-verbal inquiries.
Understand wider MO Rep responsibilities, effectively manage and build those 'account coverage' relationships for which you have responsibility.
Understand areas of risk within the firm (within the middle office or other departments). Identify, document and implement change with tangible benefits realized.
Communicate with other middle office reps to share information for the benefit of the wider team.
First point of contact for clients providing expert knowledge in various operational duties (reconciliation inclusive) and to ensure delivery of quality customer service.
Provide CSRs and MO management with detailed information about client operational activity, process enhancements, and feedback.
Attend client meetings (with CSRs) where required to provide operational perspective.
Maintain client information (key contacts, fund information/strategy) for MO group and secondary client cover.
Business partners to peer operational groups – Settlements, Trade support, Strategic Change.
Group, Cash management, Cash processing team, Risk management, Margin team, Global Network management, Account opening, Asset Servicing, Custody teams, Onboarding & transition, Client valuation & collateral team.
He is required to offer direct and immediate assistance to our portfolio of global clients (mainly hedge funds), liaising with them directly while helping them build their business on a daily basis.
Mar-07 -  Feb-10   Credit Suisse      Prime Brokerage Asset Servicing.
Asset Servicing undertakes corporate action, dividend and coupon processing for the investment banking business i.e. proprietary trading, stock lending and prime brokerage business units.
The job involves accurately settling Asian & European Equities and Fixed Income transactions. Needing to maintain relationships with clients and working closely with key stakeholders. Developing an in-depth understanding of the market and supporting, resolving trade differences while adhering to a control framework are essential.
Liaison and support role for Fixed Income towards Middle office, Front office / desks and top tier prime clients (incl. PCs, prop traders and account owners) across APAC, EMEA and Americas.
Accrual investigation & query support for more than 400 prop acc. (excl. Prime Brokerage).
Verifying postings and client positions in PrimeView (Online platform to view & verify positions for clients).
Manual ledger creation and reconciliation for Prime client accounts •  Reflection & amendment of entitlements due from corporate actions.
Liaising with Issuer, depositories, custodians and agents.
Issuance of notifications for corporate action announcements to traders and clients.
Reconciliation of general ledger and activity across cash nostro, stock and control accounts  FOBO investigation with clearing housing ie, Euroclear, DTC & domestic agents.
Processing ad-hoc FX request from client (incl. sensitive currency ie. Argentine peso).
Successful clearance of multi-years aged breaks with analysis and reconciliation.
Project collaboration with Static Change Group and Reference Data team to fix identified bug along with static data clean up. This resulted in a highly accurate and error free static database for trade processing and accrual, improving efficiency and capacity reduction on BAU.
Successful UAT regression testing for system with patch / fix implemented.
Corporate Actions: Drip; Stock / Cash / Currency Elections.
Taking in of funds / Nostro matching, Breaks Investigations & Reconciliation.
Fore contact point for traders / clients and counterparties.
Successful clearing of all aged items up to 3 years in receivable checklist via investigation and     analysis in limited time constrain.
Jul-06  -   Aug-06   ING         Temp   Admin Executive       (Structured Finance).
Customer Due Diligence / KYC on International Corporate Clients including BVIs and multi   hierarchy holdings.45/16 Soi Ramintra 31, Anusavaree District, Bangkhen, 10220, Thailand.
Mobile Phone: +668-5115-6150 Email: pear_nichakant@hotmail.com.
2013-Present           Chulalongkorn University, Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy, BBA International.
Program, Majoring in Financial Analysis and Investment (GPAX: 3.71).
2005-2013               Ruamrudee International School (RIS), Advanced Placement program (AP), President of.
Prom Committee, a Model United Nation delegate, Tutor for English language (GPAX: 3.96).
January-                    The University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada (Exchange Program)        Present                      Sauder School of Business.
June – July 2016    Phatra Securities Public Co., Ltd. – Financial Analyst.
Private Wealth Management department: set up a portfolio based on clients’ risk and    return preferences and performed financial and economic analysis on listed Thai stock.
Created marketing strategies and campaigns for Swiss dairy product entrant, Swissmooh    into the ASEAN  market  and market research on Thailand’s welding equipment and the     potential of machinery market.
June – July 2014    Chulalongkorn Business Administration (CBA)—Sales Professional.
Gold Class Certificate Of Merit)—Raised over 400,000 Baht from sales of home appliances,                                                 kitchenware, etc. in 4 months.
October 2014        Internal Case Competition, BBA Chulalongkorn University.
Second Runner Up of the “Toys ‘R’ Us Asia Business Case,” a 24-hour case on expanding                 into China using an e-commerce framework.
July 2014                Freshy Case Competition, BBA Chulalongkorn University.
Participated in “Starbuck’s Business Case,” a 24-hour marketing case in establishing a                    strong foothold in the Singaporean market.
October 2016      Chulalongkorn Business Case Competition (CIBCC)—Head of Finance (Budgeting Director).
-Present                  - Organized financial plan, budgeting, sponsorships and expenses of the whole competition.
Handled financial documents such as tax invoices, receipts, and deposits.
Rural development for the school and its community at Srisaket province such as providing                                               education to children, library building, and rural village visits to acknowledge their living                                              conditions.
Organized financial budgets for the administrative and marketing departments.
March 2015       BBA Case Club—competing member and organizing team of the Internal Case Competition.
Educated m.5-m.6 students by coordinating and leading activities in order for them to                  learn more about what BBA program offers.
Graduating Class of 2013 with Honor Roll, Ruamrudee International School, Student Leadership Award,         Golden Price in Yamaha Thailand Music Festival 2009.
-Language Skills: Thai (Native), English (Fluent; TOEFL iBT: 103; Max 120).
-Computer Skills: Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, Visual Basic Application for Financial purposes.Manage Singapore team and oversight of Manila team to ensure excellent service delivery according to the agreed service level standards for hedge funds clients.
Manage resource allocation, ensure controls are implemented, internal polices and procedures are complied with.
Manage middle office operations covering trade support (trade confirmations and settlements), asset reconciliations, and asset servicing across various products (Equities, Bonds, Money Markets, FX, Futures, CFD, Repos, Structured products) and fund strategies.
Liaise with and act as contact point for clients, custodian banks, prime brokers and internal team.·.
Manage process automation, identify areas to improve efficiencies and close control gaps.
Assistant Vice President – Head of Non-Japan Asia Middle Office.
Head of Centre of Excellence team in Singapore for global generation of fund factsheets, cash reconciliation, fee calculations and invoices processing functions encompassing a total AUM of GBP 2.5 Billion.
Manage the team with oversight of resource allocation, day-to-day execution and service delivery to ensure smooth performance of the team’s core middle office functions.
Cash and collateral management for portfolios investing in OTC equity and index swaps. Manage trade life cycle of OTC trades to ensure settlements and asset servicing functions including basket reconstitution and swap resets.
Manage trade support, asset reconciliation, fund administration functions including NAV sign-off, fees processing, review fund queries and issues resolution.
Client reporting which includes production of factsheets across more than 150 funds including share classes.
Implement governance and control model to ensure adherence to set policies and procedures, and proper escalation of issues as required.
Coaching and conduct functional training for development and coverage purposes.
Regional Service provider management – Manage relationship and oversight of services provided by third party agents including custodians and transfer agents in Asia, perform periodic service review and conduct due diligence meetings to resolve any issues, ensure mitigation of risks and appropriate controls are in place.
Responsible for documentation of internal operational process flows, operating memorandums covering service level standards of third party agents and operational agreements with clients.
Liaise with and act as contact point for internal stakeholders (including Sales, Front Office, London counterparts, risk and control, compliance, legal), and external stakeholders (including fund administrators, transfer agent, custodian, and various counterparts).
Work with various internal and external stakeholders to ensure operational compliance with new regulatory rollouts and business initiatives.
Manage fund rationalization projects, including fund merger and closure, onboarding of new clients, counterparties, instruments, fund and platform launches initiatives from operational perspectives.
Identify areas to improve efficiencies and implement actions to close control gaps where necessary.
Achieved efficiency savings of 6 hours per day (1 headcount) through a number of major and minor initiatives and system rollouts by end of 2012. These initiatives include bringing the “outlier” funds on to core systems; roll-out of an automated Factsheet tool, new cash, position and custody reconciliation processes, new swap price check and capture process, new NAV Sign-Off tool, roll out of a new Fee accrual service and implementation of new Fund Manager NAV valuation check.
Preparation of performance and risk reports for various asset classes under management with total AUM of over SGD 30 Billion using Bloomberg, Portia, FactSet and MS Excel.
Analyze and report on investment portfolio performance measurement, attribution, risk and characteristics of funds.
Support business project and process improvement initiatives.
Completed over 70 fund transition projects with total value of AUD 6.5 Billion.
Opening of custody accounts, including the preparation of account opening documentations.  Coordination of new fund set-ups.  Tax administrations.
Pre transition analysis that includes risks, costs (stamp duty and tax), assets, markets and Corporate Actions analysis.  Preparation of transition data.
Manage the settlements of Equity, Fixed Interest, FX and Derivatives through liaison with client and internal departments.
Pre and post transition monitoring and valuation reporting.
Perform cash and stock reconciliations.  Investigate and resolve any discrepancies.
Coordinating the project implementation of asset transitions, including the preparation of transition plans, meeting with transition managers and implementation in accordance with internal control checklist.
Supervise and provide training for other analysts in the team.
Review of operational control procedures and checklist.  Improvement and documentation of processes.
Project: Creation of Excel fund database and migration to e-based Standard Settlement Instructions (SSI).
Develop Excel database with VBA macros function to automate the access to all fund details and SSIs in one file.  Migration from paper copies to electronic based SSIs.
Project: Transaction Management System for Fund Transitions.
Develop test cases on domestic and international equities and fixed interests.  Excel trade files automation with VBA.  Conduct tests in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) environment, escalate and resolve any issues.
Documentation of current processes. Examine and mitigate risks associated with the process.  Implementation of the new system.
Analysis, forecasting and comparison of fees data spreadsheet.  Reporting and recommendation to senior management.
Review financial statements and perform sign off on fund valuations for Hedge Funds of Funds.
Review Futures, OTC swaps and FX trades, prices and Profit and Loss for accuracy.
Cash and collateral management for portfolios investing in OTC index swaps. Manage trade life cycle of OTC trades to ensure settlements and swap resets.
Perform cash flow analysis and management including cash flow reporting, monitoring, reconciliation and cash forecasting.
Monitor and review fund performance, fees, and share series collapse.
Coordinate proxy voting instructions, audit and annual taxation process.
Arrange debt facilities drawdown, rollover of drawdown or payment as required.
Build and maintain strong relationships with all stakeholders including the portfolio management team, administrator and custodian in various countries.
Providing accurate and timely reporting of fund valuations for unit pricing, performance and compliance analysis.
Analysis of fund performance to ensure valuation is accurate and benchmarking to indexes.  Compliance monitoring using Charles River.  Analysis of benchmarks, asset returns and market returns.
Utilise systems, such as IRESS, Bloomberg and Hiportfolio to analyse asset returns including equity, fixed income, and derivative instruments.
Investigation of any reconciliation items and impact on the fund’s gross asset value.  Timely issues resolution.
Adherence to internal controls and ensuring timely and accurate maintenance of client and group statistics for management reporting.
Project: Creation and maintenance of external client reports, including Valuations, Transactions, Cash, and.
Creation of reports tailored to client needs.  Successfully taking on this new function into the valuations team.
Processing of all clients’ instructions and preparation of reports in accordance with internal control daily checklist applicable to each particular client.
Delivery of reports to clients according to Service Level Agreements.
Verification of cash movements and transactions processed through RTGS, Hiportfolio, and Payment Systems.
Daily cash reconciliation, investigate and resolve any outstanding items.
2004 Awarded Macquarie University Graduate Accounting and Commerce Prize for Auditing and Assurance Services.
2003 Awarded Macquarie University Graduate Accounting and Commerce Prize for Managerial Accounting.
•  2001 Top 15 percent student, granted the membership of Golden Key International Honour Society. •  Grade Point Average of 2.945 out of 4.
Strong organizational and leadership skills.  Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  Strong analytical and numerical skills.  Excellent issue management and resolution skills.  Strong technical and project management skills. Strong computer skills: MS Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, Visual Basic, SQL, MS Words, Hiportfolio, Bloomberg, Portia, FactSet, IRESS, RTGS, SWIFT, OMGEO, SAS, and Charles River.
Strong attention to detail, pro-active, organised, quick learner, client-focused, results oriented, reliable, hardworking, enthusiastic, creative thinking, ability to work effectively and efficiently to meet tight deadlines, work well in a team and independently with minimal supervision.
Toastmasters International Club – Barclays Women in Networking.
Review financial statements and perform sign off on fund valuations and reporting.
Undertake price and holding reconciliations of underlying investments.
Review Futures and FX trades, prices and Profit and Loss for accuracy.
Perform cash flow analysis and management including cash flow reporting, forecasting.
Coordinate application and redemption instructions.  Daily trade upload and settlements.
Compliance checks on financial plans, FX trades and fees payment.
Resolution of internal and external client queries in accurate and timely manner.  Build and maintain strong relationships with all stakeholders.Sept 2015 – Current   ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V., Relationship Manager.
Managing pool of hedge fund, proprietary trading clients trading multi asset classes.
Contributed to 20% increase of revenue for my pool of clients in FY 2016.
Onboarding clients through effective management and communication to internal stakeholders eg. Operations, Risk, Technical teams.
Increasing ROE by efficient allocation of clients’ credit line.
In-depth knowledge of APAC equities & global futures/options markets.
ETF creation/redemption expertise accumulated through working with fund managers.
Adhering and performing due diligence checks and annual compliance reviews for clients.
Strong negotiation skills for fees renewal and enforcement of tighter global regulatory requirements.
Appointed Co-Chairman for ABN AMRO Bank’s 2016 One Bank One Team initiative.
Oct 2014 – Sept 2015 Mizuho Securities (S) Pte Ltd, Asst. Vice President, Futures Sales  Spearheaded Mizuho Securities’ Asia – ex Japan sales for futures & OTC swaps clearing and execution.
Cross selling of financial products with corporate bankers from Mizuho Bank.
Established relationships with major energy/commodity traders (Sinopec, Unipec, Petronas, Vitol etc), financial institutions (Standard Chartered Bank, China Merchant Bank etc) & brokers.
Initiated the company’s first foray into the Taiwanese market by working with several top Taiwanese FCMs.
Negotiated and brokered the company’s first Introducer Agreement with Neo & Partners, a local trading arcade.
Implemented cost saving strategies and increasing sales figures by 25% to improve department P&L for FY 2014.
Preparing credit reports and risk reviews for risk committee.
Jan 2011 – Oct 2014  Phillip Securities Pte Ltd, Senior Dealer.
Overseeing CFD business for Phillip Capital Australia and started an Asian CFD dealing desk to capture Asian AUM.
Managing clients’ investment portfolio of US$10 million by providing investment strategies and trade execution services.
Structuring new CFD equity markets for trading with counterparties Morgan Stanley & Deutsche Bank.
Led a team of business analysts and crafted the ASX Equity & Index CFDs in 2013.
Mentoring junior dealers with potential to head the CFD business in Australia and UK offices.
MAS Licensed Trading Representative (Rep No: YCK300028559).
Professional Chinese in Finance & Accounting Certification from NTU.
Experience in using Trading Technologies, CQG trading platforms, Bloomberg EMSX.Email:   Zubair3110@outlook.com            Languages:  English / Urdu / Hindi.
Well rounded financial services professional with 9 years experience in banking and wealth advisory in the UAE and UK. In depth knowledge of financial products and services including investments, debt re-structuring and risk management. I specialise in developing and managing long lasting relationships with key clients and stakeholders to win new business.
Develop and establish new sources of business for the Middle East Business Unit (UAE, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Saudi and Kuwait) - B2B and B2B2C.
Provide risk management solutions for banks and financial institutions.
Prepare financial models to conduct market research and identify suitable companies.
Acquire and maintain a thorough understanding of business trends and competition.
Support, review and follow up quotations, proposals, tenders and renewals of new or existing portfolio.
Review existing contract terms and negotiate new contracts.
Implement solutions to solve problems and conflicts related to payments or accounting.
ADCB (Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank) – Dubai, UAE            Jan 2013 to Jan 2015.
Responsible for increasing assets under management from USD 35MM - USD 60MM.
Actively managed over 100 HNW and business portfolios, each over USD 500K.
Managed portfolio risks and aligned asset allocation strategies for HNW clients.
Managed corporate relationships and HNW clients, comprising of C-Level executives, Directors and Key decision makers at large multinational organisations.
Understand client’s need and net worth by evaluating their assets and liabilities.
Build and maintain strong relationships with clients to encourage repeat business and grow revenue.
Specialise in all banking products (Investments, Insurance, Loans, CASA, FX, Derivatives).
Advised clients on debt consolidation and restructuring and investment risk.
Mentor junior members of the team by attending joint meetings and conducting training sessions.
Increased personal assets under management from USD 10MM - USD 40MM.
Provide in house tailor made financial solutions for clients (Insurance, Investments, Retirement Planning, Trusts, Loans, Mortgages, FX, Derivatives, Funds etc).
Specialist in advising on investments, debt instruments, insurance, FX, and derivatives and risk management.
Assess assets and liabilities in order to recommend suitable solutions.
Conduct in-depth market analysis to find the most suitable companies and products to meet the client’s requirements.
Assessed financial strategy options to meet goals gap analysis and identify most appropriate investments to match risk profile.
Analysed various investment options and managed portfolios providing holistic financial advisory and conducted extensive financial planning including tax advisory, legacy planning, real estate solutions, overseas investment advisory.
Develop own client base through referrals, networking and cold calling.
Proactively sell the full benefits of Citisolutions portfolio.
Develop lasting relationships to encourage repeat business.
Build excellent rapport with customers in order to develop business.
Displays a self confident and assertive style which supports a drive to succeed •  Achieve high personal and team targets.
•  2005 - BA hons degree in Business Studies and Accounting - Middlesex University, London, UK.
2013 - International Certificate in Wealth Management – CII.
2012 - International Introduction to Securities and Investment – CISI.Volleyball (Vice Captain) – Kent Ridge Hall Aug 2011 – Aug 2012.
• Led a relatively new team of 18 girls for the Inter-Hall Games through planning intensive training sessions with the coach. Team managed to gain exposure in competitive settings.
• Managed the day-to-day operations of a block consisting of 150 residents with 5 other members.
• Frequently organized bonding activities such as Senior’s Graduation Ceremony by conceptualizing the program, preparing the logistics and marketing the event.
• Initiated block-bonding activities such as motivating block members to attend Hall activities like Orientation Camps. Participation rate was 90% on the average.
• Organized a carnival within the hall to promote awareness of the inter-hall eco project competition and emerged 3rd.
• Designed posters to promote earth-saving messages, which were selected for usage.
Assistant Orientation Group Leader – FASS Aug 2010 – Aug 2010.
• Headed an Orientation Group (OG) of 20 freshmen and around 15 seniors in the orientation camp to better integrate the freshmen into the new environment. OG procured the Best OG award for the camp.
• Actively reaching out to new believers in church as an Ambassador for the youth ministry of 800 youths.
• Orchestrated various events like Women’s Meeting for the youth ministry through brainstorming for ideas, devising the program, budgeting and purchasing the collaterals. The attendance stood at around 300.
• Procured collaterals to be distributed for the trip for approximately 300 youths in Serbnathithaam School.
• Planned and executed the program for children aged 5-6. This includes games, story-telling, art and craft, etc.
• Organised and executed lessons, games and crafts for children aged 13-15 with a team of 6 other people in San Kamphaeng School. As a result, acquired team communication skills.
• Conducted and scheduled qualitative phone interviews through cold calling to fine-tune interpersonal skills. First of group of 11 interviewers to schedule and complete a successful interview.
• Actively sourced the market for training providers and venues, and scheduled appointments with vendors to evaluate the cost effectiveness.
• Conceptualised the marketing plan for NTUC Income’s annual “Race On” event through detailed brainstorming sessions with her group of 4 other members. The event was attended by about 900 youths, with an increase of 500 youths (125% increase) from previous year.
• Budgeted the costing of collaterals for the abovementioned event with no increase in budget from previous years albeit the increase in attendance.
• Spearheaded the Human Resource team in a interdepartmental video-making competition for the company and secured 2nd place.
• Presented the final progress to the senior management of NTUC Income to fine-tune presentation skills.
• Coached 7 students in various subjects like Economics, Chemistry and Maths, which resulted in secondary school students attaining six to seven grade jumps while JC students, two grade jumps through catering towards the needs of each.
• Led groups of approximately 40 students through outdoor camp activities and inculcated values such as integrity and teamwork through the de-brief sessions.
• Worked for more than 5 companies and around 30 projects on a freelance basis since 2008. Actively searched out interviewees for market research for research methods like CLT, door-to-door and telephone surveys to hone interpersonal communication skills.
• Worked for more than 5 companies and around 30 projects on a freelance basis since 2008. Actively searched out interviewees for market research for research methods like CLT, door-to-door and telephone surveys to hone interpersonal communication skills.
• Learnt about transferrable skills such as team work, people and time management, presentation skills in addition to all the content taught.
• Exchange Programme in Utrecht University, The Netherlands from Feb 2013 to Jun 2013.
• Broadened perspectives about the Dutch business culture through active interaction with the business students and professors.4 years investment consulting (asset management) – client   Business Management:.
servicing/sales support, project and business management (front-to- o Global project management (rollout new business line; back office) and investment performance  profitability project increased profits 50%).
Less than 1 year private equity – fundraising and client servicing  Competitor landscape analysis o.
5 asset class product knowledge – equity, fixed income, hedge.
funds, private investments and real assets   Sales pitching leading to increased prospect o.
Experienced in managing institutional/HNWI client base across    Client servicing (follow up, requests, customising o.
5 regions – Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Africa and the  deliverables, product demo/training, presentation).
Middle East with global multi-cultural teams  o RFP requests.
Bachelor of Science (Honours) – Statistics (National University of.
Singapore, 2008-2012; University of Alberta, Canada, 2010-2011)    Portfolio construction/reporting:.
Completed CFA Level I   o Benchmarking   o Investment performance calculation and attribution.
Analyst, Fundraising (Investor Relations), Investor Engagement Group                            Nov 2016 – Jan 2017 (3 months).
The Abraaj Group is an institutional private equity platform with AUM of approximately US$10 billion across the emerging markets of Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Turkey. The group is the client-facing arm that drives fundraising and provides client servicing to institutional investors.
Fundraising –  o Created pitch book, due diligence materials and legal documents.
o E.g. Due diligence questionnaire (DDQ), private placement memorandum (PPM), performance track record and competitor analysis slide decks to drive new fund raises.
Client servicing –  o Worked with investment deals team to provide quarterly updates on the funds’ portfolio companies and performance in.
Asia Pacific investor calls and meetings  o Optimised and maintained the CRM database and created comprehensive investor profiles for fundraising pitches.
Manager, Investment Performance, Performance Reporting Group                 Oct 2012 – Nov 2016 (4 years, 1 month).
Cambridge Associates is a pioneer in the global investment consulting space, overseeing an AUM of approximately US$142 billion and serving as a gatekeeper to institutional and HNW clients in Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Africa and the Middle East with (SWFs, government-linked organisations, government/private pensions, universities, foundations, trusts and family offices). The group analyses, tracks and reports on clients’ portfolio performance.
Sales and sales support in client/prospect meetings –  o Subject matter expert on the firm’s product suite for clients and investment performance methodology/knowledge  o Contributions have led to increased new client onboarding year-on-year.
o Conducted investment performance training for global clients and internal stakeholders o Proactive in client servicing.
Creating client/prospect-ready meeting materials for internal and external use –  o Prepared slide decks and strategic plan for various initiatives for dissemination to clients and internal stakeholders  o E.g. RFP pricing for firm’s services, the rollout of a firmwide project for customised online portfolio monitoring and.
Customising and analysing of client’s portfolio performance to value-add to relationship –  o Included extra portfolio performance summaries to clients on top of standard deliverables.
o E.g. Highlighting performance drivers on a fund manager and composite level, performance attribution analysis o Customised deliverables for client-specific analysis and offered post-delivery client support.
Cross-department oversight and implementation of global initiatives –  o E.g. The roll-out of a new digital-focused business line in APAC.
E.g. Profitability and cost reduction project has to-date led to at least a 50% increase in profits.
Led and collaborated with other departments’ analysts and management on projects that would impact strategic business development items.
Involved in planning, communications and roll-out of department and firmwide initiatives to stakeholders.
Change driver and implementation of new firmwide performance reporting methodology –  o Project driver and thought partner on firmwide review and implementation of new performance methodologies on long-only and private investments.
o Assessing impact of changes on client portfolios’ historical returns and a resource to consulting teams/clients on enquiries.
Supporting clients’ portfolio growth leading to an increase in total client AUM by 13% over 12 months –.
o Enhanced and ensured accurate investment performance to drive ongoing portfolio construction/rebalancing:.
asset allocation (strategic/tactical), benchmarking, investment performance attribution analysis.
Strong product knowledge in various asset classes – o Including equity, fixed income, hedge funds, private investments and real assets.
Overseas Community Involvement Project, Yangon – Myanmar (Team Leader).
Planning and implementing the teaching curriculum for local children and village construction efforts.
Reading, Investing/Business, Fitness, Trekking, Photography, Travel, History, Philosophy and Culture.Block 297 Bedok South Ave 3 #08-06| Singapore 469297 | Tel: (65) 9172 4610.
Established and hold deep long term relationships with key institutional investors including sovereign wealth funds, mutual funds and hedge funds across Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Thailand.
Account manager; led and coordinated Asia coverage across top Singapore accounts, ranked Tier 1.
Analyzed and evaluated markets, companies and flow to tailor long/short Asia investment recommendations.
Conceptualised and shaped BAML’s ASEAN investment strategy; ASEAN Specialist coverage for top tier accounts.
Built and manage BAML’s ASEAN portfolio investment strategy reflected to top clients, ranked top 5 performance.
Sourced and closed key cornerstone and block deals for Asian listings and offerings.
#1 Institutional Investors’ All-Asia Sales Team (2013-2015), individual client recognition two years running.
Asia Pacific Summer Analyst, Global Markets (Equities Sales, Rates & FX Sales).
Achieved top of class benchmark outperformance in intern class of 50 - Trade Ideas Monitor Stock Trading Competition held over 10 weeks.
Conducted in depth industry analysis, built valuation models, comps analysis for companies in ASEAN.
Analysis of Frontier markets and evaluated and presented long term investment opportunities and risks.
Singapore Technologies Asset Management, Subsidiary of Temasek Holdings                                December 2010 Fund Management Analyst Intern.
Developed analytical reports and presented on the Residential and Commercial Mortgage-Backed Security Markets.
Performed in-depth credit analysis on Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs).
Women for LEAD Chapter Committee; Led flagship external events championing women’s initiatives at work.
Campus Recruitment Ambassador and Mentor; Mentored interns and drove recruitment initiatives.
Captain & University Representative, International Games Team.
Captained team of 20 to its first championship title at the Singapore University Games.
Represented Singapore and clinched 3rd at regional Indian Rim Asian University Games conducted in Perth.
Team Leader, First Runner- Up in nationwide tertiary business case.
• Synthesized Harvard Business School Case Study and pitched optimal cross asset class portfolio allocation for the Hewlett Foundation to senior banking panel.
Proficient in Bloomberg, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel.
Fluent in spoken and written English, Mandarin, elementary French.
Established private tutoring business with more than 10 GCE O’ Level students whilst studying in university.
Other interests: Sports (tennis, boxing), piano (ABRSM Grade 8 with experience as concert pianist), travel.“ A distinguished career in equity securities trading. “  Patrick L. Young.
“I Recommend Trevor wholeheartedly.” Michael R. Bloomberg.
Senior role in Exchange Traded and OTC securities.  Client facing, Technical and business development.
Technical, regulatory and business development to securities trading : liquidity management or support of markets trading.
From an early start in electronic ‘price discovery ‘ for cattle and crops to recent HK / China.
‘stock connect ‘, 30 years of skill in delivering new solutions to the securities trading community across Asia, Pacific Rim.
Experienced Capital Markets Business Manager implementing IT solutions to Exchanges, buy and sell side financial institutions, in Hong Kong, China, ANZ and Asia Pac.  Widely known and trusted by buy and sell side senior executives in this region.
Twenty years’ experience in e-Financial Markets: business development, customer acquisition, and operations..
Expert in communicating at all levels within client organizations, experienced working with client facing, compliance, trading, risk management and technical personnel on a global basis.
Current expert knowledge of China cash equity and Fund connect.
Regular speaker at regional conferences e.g. Trading Technology September 2013, 14 ,16 Singapore and April and June 2015 Shanghai, Trading Architecture Hong Kong August 2016.
Upcoming speaking roles in 2017scheduled for Singapore and Shanghai.
Energetic team participant, respected by peers for sound decision-making, execution, creativity and problem resolution.
Up to date on global Regulatory and the implied technical issues.  Current practical knowledge of regulatory global requirements e.g. FACTCA, and the new Common Reporting Standard.
Expert knowledge of current changes in risk analysis, compliance including the new  OTC derivatives environment, along with more traditional position management and reporting.
Limited spoken Cantonese, Putonghua, and Chinese. … Hong Kong , UK ,EU, and Australia residency.
Founding member FIX FPL , fix is the international e trading standard, now 20 years old.
Consulting Director in security trading, position management and regulation technology projects.  Design through to implementation.
Celera Markets is an independent Asian inter-dealer broker which provides OTC and Exchange traded broking services also providing inter-bank derivatives markets including a range of equity derivatives products.
Nissan Securities Japan, client Direct Exchange Access currently trading 7 mio securities a day.
May 2016 : Tender return to Philippines Stock Exchange for front end trading system.
September 2016 : Understanding and creation of briefing proposals on : Philippines Agricultural Exchange and  Direct from Custody Agency Lending.
March 2016 Myanmar, Yangon Stock Exchange trading education program.
Six month project to specify a inbound China connect Equity and OTC securities trading service to certain existing global ISVs.
Project was to specify the operational services needed to have critical mass to provide offshore China market participants a ‘must have‟ reliable service screen based in bound trading service.
new to market simple and complex derivatives e-trading sales and analysis system.
front to back office trade management systems to match new regulatory requirements  * New business has included new regulatory FATCA technical solutions utisling new technical techniques such as Generic Case Management (GCM) and Continuous Control Monitoring (CCM).
New clients included OCBC Treasury, BOCI, CFETS Exchange China, CITIC, Macquarie Bank and South China Securities.
Quantitative trade, risk and position analysis solutions for equities.
Shanghai based fund / operations. (CITIC Prudential and CFETS.).
Australian and Singapore based banks and proprietary trading operations (UOB Hyam FX division, Standard Chartered,.
Proprietary fund operations include, Vulpes and Grasshopper as examples.
Optiver, largest option price maker in the world: I provided position / trade analysis system price making system.
In high demand for many speaking roles, including New China Trading Strategies Shanghai, China FIX FPL ,2015, Trading Architecture Singapore 2014 for example.
Dayton Way, HK Ltd. Technical Consultant to China and North Korea. Australian listing IPOs Book building for energy, oil and mining listings to global fund clients such as Forbes and Manhattan.
Banking and Institutional supply of ‘Single Dealer‘ web based trading portals. Promoted new standard of internet  HTML5 delivery to web and portable devices.
Clients included : China Foreign Exchange (domestic interbank) Trading System to support their global delivery in front middle and back office.
Single dealer portals supplied to NAB, Westpac and ANZ Banks Australia Stock Exchange and UOB Singapore.
Thomson Reuters : Area Contract Consultant of Trading Solutions, Asia / Pac Rim Supplying integrated solutions for hosting, high speed trading and market data analysis and distribution. Working with a variety of newly released component assets to supply to technology RFP / tenders from Asia / Pac Rim major trading exchanges and institutions.
HKEx Next Generation Market Data System, Clearing and post trade alternatives ASEAN Link and ASEAN Stars: Answer to RFP proposal to move to USD trading and interconnect trading and stock information to Shanghai S E. now called ‘thru train’.
Created the Reuters „PropPack‟ concept to offer easy entry to combined component HFT Low Latency service hosted solutions. This was specifically designed for local Hong Kong fund trading houses.
SET market data component of RFP with London Stock Exchange / MIT.
RTS Real Time Systems Group: Sales and delivery of high frequency, low latency DMA Exchange trading solutions to fund financial institutions in Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Singapore. Sales included AXT, Macquarie other Hong Kong low latency Trading Houses. Requiring fast position analysis and testing of trade execution.
Cognolink : Private Equity buyout investment in Electronic Trading service companies , Panel and Expert Advisor since 2011 to Present in banking technology MNA.
HSBC SECURITES SERVICES, HSBC Global Custody Asia, Hong Kong   2008 – 2010 Exec Vice President, Product Manager, Agency Lending.
Project prompted by the acquisition by HSBC requirement to meet China Investment Corporation ‘direct from custody’ electronic lending program for their Asia regional clients. This system provided lending transparency and greater returns for client ‘sovereign’ funds improving returns 7 bp over existing methods, worth on average USD 1.6 m p.a. in returns to each of five ‘sovereign’ clients. This won the tender for HSBC. Special emphasis was made during the financial crisis in the short selling area on risk measurement, VAR, collateral treatments an how these related to new and fast changing inbound Government regulations.
Fund accounting and performance measurement were added to HSBCs standard service.  Project value $3 mio.
Project to direct the roll out equity execution connectivity prime broking projects for Asia Pac rim, based in Tokyo, with a technical team based in Chicago. Responsible for Lehman’s Asian liquidity publishing, within all ten supported liquidity distribution portals. (Bloomberg, Tora,.
Created the algorithmic low latency trading and Prime Broking, using concept of ‘zero touch’ trade analysis comparison. This added 13 major clients and revenue increase of 2 mio per annum recurring, Target quota was to add 5 to 7 new major clients in the year.
Principal Business Development Manager, Electronic Execution, Global Markets.
Starting with equity execution, re vamped CBA’s distribution of capital market products electronically. With CBA;s  acquisition of an equity electronic prime broker in 2004, role was to deepen distribution and add regional clients to the program. Added client driven requirements such as extra securities : FX , hedging, energy products and algorithmic trading.
Instigated new client trading programs for CBA which added 64 new institutions, mainly across India and Pac rim Asia. From a zero start trading flows of over USD one billion per month were achieved within 9 months.
Permanent Member CBA Alumni, registered securities trader, Australia.
In terms of achievement the project took turnover from zero to 1 billion month by adding 51 new counterparties across Asia in just one year. Added Sharia, commodity and energy desk electronic trading components. Achieved annual target quota of usd $1 bio per month turnover in six months.
MONEYLINE TELERATE:  General Manager Hong Kong and China       2002 – 2004.
Product development included work with enterprise trading projects utilizing Financial Information eXchange (FIX) protocol, for electronically trading equities, bonds and FX.
New client projects were completed in a difficult environment in HK, to Bank of America, Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, SSB, HSBC, Hang Seng Bank, DBS Vickers and Morgan Stanley.
Projects included signing Citibank HK in March 2003, ( during SARS outbreak ) for a total contract value of USD 3.2 m, a decision taken directly by the Treasurer. The Citibank project was for completely integrated custom market information, risk management and transaction interface to existing Bank’s systems.
AUSTRALIAN STOCK EXCHANGE: General Manager, International Business  2000 – 2002.
To continue development of a new service initiated whilst GM at Bloomberg, was invited by the ASX board to complete ‘WorldLink’, connecting the Australian broker network to US markets, a world first in 2000.
ASX company real time announcements direct desktop supply to US fund managers lead to a  13 per cent increase in Australian Mid Cap overseas liquidity in one year. Original target estimate was for 5 per cent increase.
Research project to discover why US west coast institutions limited their Australian / Asian region trading by working on the trading desks of Montgomery and Capital asset management. Worked under secondment in San Francisco.
Speaking invitations included presentation of papers representing ASX, including CLSA Asian investor, Birkenstock , Davos and Vienna annual conventions.
BLOOMBERG FINANCIAL MARKETS: General Manager, Australia & NZ           1989 - 2000 Regional Executive, Asia and Pacific Rim.
Founding member of Bloomberg’s fourth global office, reporting directly to Mike Bloomberg. Responsible for initial client locations and training including in Philippines the Asia Development Bank and Reserve Bank of the Philippines.
Analytics included analysis of A$ bonds, IR swaps, futures, equities and FX support. Major success was to support the regions’ sell side community in distributing Australian securities electronically to Europe UK and USA buy side market. Often invited on IPO road shows, book building by part owner, Merrill Lynch etc.
Contributed to the role out of Bloomberg in Asia regionally, before local offices were established.
Authored sales and content contributions with capital markets key representative organizations. This included SFE, ASX, AFMA, ASIC, Fund managers and major capital market banking institutions.
Regional founding Director of the E broking service Bloomberg Tradebook.
Creator of WorldLink e-trading proposal in conjunction with ASX and later SGX.  Member of the global Bloomberg management and sales team and Alumni.
Creation of Computer Aided Livestock Marketing system, CALM.
London Stock Exchange , overseas distribution of the electronic TOPIC system.
Sydney Futures Exchange , creation of the e trading system, SYCOM ( now part of ASE).
Further references from senior buy side professionals et al :.+65 8165 4507  ACHELLE JOHNSON 589 East Coast Rd, Singapore 429081.
•Manage, improve, and drive business development functions of the firm.
•Lead generation and liaising with potential and existing clients.
•Cultivate and manage long-term relationships with clients by delivering elite client service.
•Communicate the firm’s services to clienteles through written correspondence, phone calls, and in person •Formulate and execute sales plan to achieve monthly sales target.
Medical Administrative Assistant | Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.
•Drafted and distributed professional memos, letters, meeting agendas, and meeting minutes.
•Prepared and maintained a variety of budget, progress, and continuing of medical education reports •Organized travel arrangements.
•Processed reimbursement for travel and other professional expenses.
•Transcribed medical, research, and administrative correspondence to patients, providers, and professionals.
•Assisted in preparing clinical trials applications and scientific articles for submission.
•Corresponded with patients via telephone, letters, and online.
•Aided in managing operation of dining room as well as events through set-up and execution.
Admissions Assistant | University of Minnesota-Rochester, Rochester, Minnesota.
•Interacted with prospective students and parents via email, telephone, and on site.
•Acted as brand ambassador during campus visit days and at college fairs.
•Conducted campus tours and information sessions for prospective students and parents.
•Created and maintained procedure manuals to increase efficiency of new employees.
Bus Leader/Chapter Leader | Students Today Leaders Forever, Rochester, Minnesota.
•Collaborated with co-leaders to coordinate nine-day, cross-country trip of 40 college student volunteers.
•Communicated and volunteered with non-profit organizations across the US.
•Set timelines and goals for bus leaders and monitored progress.
Undergraduate Academic Assistant - Statistics | University of Minnesota-Rochester September – December 2012.
•Attended designated class to assist professors during group and individual exercise.
Bachelor of Science in Health Sciences | University of Minnesota, Rochester, Minnesota September 2011 – May 2015.
Managing in Health Systems Organizations | University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minnesota Applied Business Certificate.Ambitious and dedicated Business Manager with a consistent track record of growing and managing a successful asset management business. Results-driven professional with a strong financial background who achieves excellent returns through astute portfolio management and investing in funds within a range of sectors across the MENA region. Accomplished out-performer with the talent to leverage a company’s competitive advantage and achieve revenue growth through intelligent market analysis and positive relationship building. Decisive and respected leader who generates results by recruiting, coaching and training highly effective teams.An individual who thrives on challenges, now seeking a senior responsible role to build upon unique skills and expertise.
Business Development – Expert in leading growth and identifying emerging opportunities. Fully understands the competitive nature of the market across many sectors (FMCG, financial, industrial, commercial, real-estate and healthcare) and regions. Through strong analytical skills and managing the best performing funds, led EFG-Hermes to become one of the largest asset management companies in the MENA region.
Performance Management – Motivationaland inspiring team leader who has maximised productivity at EFG-Hermes by establishing a clear 360 degree performance management system. Created a motivated, high-functioning team of analysts through improved processes and well-developed market knowledge.
Start-up Operations – Operationallyfocused executive with the ability to develop scalable profitable operations through swift and efficient infrastructure implementation. Raised $400M for EFG-Hermes Asset Management at a critical time and relocated the office from Egypt to Dubai.
Relationship Building – Bringsstrong professional negotiations capability to nurture and build key corporate relationships. Managed client portfolios worth up to $500M through a range of funds across the MENA region and Turkey by adeptly and intuitively responding to clients’ needs and raising assets.
Market Analysis – Extensiveexposure to the region enables an understanding of the core markets and competitors. Strategically and proactively investigates a range of opportunities to forecast growth and profitability. Diversified away from non-oil dependent markets and in 2015 spotted an opportunity in Turkey due to its strong economic growth. Proactively organised a range of company visits and conference delegations to assess the market. Generated a significant return of up to 40%, diversifying the portfolio and reducing risk.
(Progressed with the company from Assistant VP, to VP, then Director and is currently Managing Director).
Currently spanning seven countries in the Middle East and North Africa, EFG Hermes started in Egypt and has grown over 30 years of success to become the region’s leading Investment Bank. Drawing upon a team of 865 talented employees, the Group provides a wide spectrum of financial services that include investment banking, asset management, securities brokerage, research and private equity to the entire region.
Responsible formanaging portfolios and funds worth approximately USD500 million with Investment Authorities, Pension Funds, Endowment funds, Proprietary Institutional investors, Distributors and HNW Individuals in the context of the EFG-Hermes Asset Management suite of products and Discretionary Portfolios.  Investments have been made in the healthcare, FMCG, industrial and financial sectors amongst others.
Managing the constructionof portfolios and keeping the client informed of the performance and the positioning of the portfolio.
Proactively investigating and succeeding in delivering different investment opportunities in the MENA region and Turkey, gaining large returns on investment.
Maximising returns through continuously monitoring the investments and ensuring key KPIs are met, while taking an active role to maximise operating cash flows.
Building and maintaining close relationships with management partner companies through continuous contact.
Supervising and training more than five EFG-Hermes analysts to evaluate companies by putting together a comprehensive model and understanding the different risks and opportunities presented in each investment case.Training them to liaise effectively with C++ levels in each company and challenging them to best understand the risks of the business.
Leading and supporting the sales teams to develop prospective EFG-Hermes Asset Management relationships with institutional and private investors.
Ensuring the client limitations and risk needs are met through continuously discussing different requirements with the compliance team to ensure adherence to best practices and reduction of business risk.
Acting as member of the Strategy Committee whereby portfolio managers discuss on a monthly basis the short and medium term developments and themes that will benefit from the changing economic environment.
Acting as member of the Asset Management Investment Committee with responsibility for debating the investment case and the assumptions presented and agreeing finally whether the investment is a buy/hold or sell.
Successfully developed (as one of three members) a regional office for EFG-Hermes Asset Management, becoming one of the largest Asset Management businesses in the region.
Managed all Start-up operations including setting up a new company model, introducing streamlined IT systems, developing the infrastructure and building relations with different brokers/and clients across the region.
Grew the size of the business by participating in the selling efforts of funds and portfolios.
Set-up a risk management and compliance team to monitor investment activities and reduce overall business risk.
Participated in the due diligence process to explain to institutional investors the investment process and the interactions of different teams within the Asset Management Department and the company as a whole.
Consistently generating significant high active positive returns that were the best performing compared to competing funds by investing in many growing businesses across a wide variety of sectors and regions.
Establishedthe EFG-Asset Management Dubai office and put together a team and systems that are best in class ensuring top performance and continuity of business development and growth.
Transformed the business and raised US$400mn for the company at a critical time by cutting costs and reducing headcount.
Raised USD900 million for EFG-Hermes’ Funds and portfolios.
Targeted companies that the bank wished to have as potential credit clients and putting together a call report to the Bank’s senior management.
Followed up with companies to ensure what had been agreed upon is implemented.
Met with companies requesting credit facilities then conducted a thorough analysis of the company’s financial strength, market positioning and management experience to form a credit appraisal report.
Presented the credit report to the Bank’s head of risk, discussed/debated all aspects of the report, then if approved,  agreed on the covenants and guarantees that were needed to reduce the risk of the client.
Activated the credit line, ensuring it was being utilised. Making sure documentations were in place and covenants were being met.
Conducting a quarterly review of own portfolio of clients through spreading financial statements and meeting company management in case of needing  to discuss business needs or overcoming problems arising.
Renewing facilities on an annual basis through presenting a update appraisal report to the Head of Risk and the history of the client dealings.
Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Explorer, PowerPoint);.
Proficient in using Bloomberg, Reuters and Advent Portfolio Exchange (client relationship management applications).
Asset Management Group, Dubai, UAE (part of EFG-Hermes Holding).
AAIB is Egypt’s first Arab Multinational Bank and has experienced rapid growth since 2003.
Responsible for Corporate client relationships, assessing risk and loan approvals.
(The course covering important aspects of valuations, modelling, presentations, stressing accounting and finance).Nov 2015 – Current Morgan Stanley Asia - Cleared Derivatives, Singapore.
Manager/team-lead of Client Service Support (CSS) team. CSS performs daily controls and processing within the overall Client Service Group, supporting exchange traded derivatives (ETD), OTC derivatives and FX Prime Brokerage.
Responsible for the implementation of the CSS team in 2016, designing cross-training plans and functional coverage.
Daily controls checklist design and implementation (200+ daily control points across 2 products and multiple functions).
Drafted departmental procedures aligned with daily controls checklist, supervisory procedures, and associated ad-hoc procedures.
Lean Change Agent / Champion for Singapore - delivering Lean training to the Singapore cleared derivatives department, guiding teams through Root Cause Problem Solving and Standard Work analyses. Ongoing SME for lean process queries for Singapore office.
Identification, design, testing and implementation of multiple end-user computing tools (SharePoint, Excel & VBA based).
Supervision of client margining processes and controls, review and reporting of fails and aging calls, maintenance of systemic controls, approvals of payments, monitoring of automated internal ‘bridge’ margin system and upstream margin calculation processes.
Supervision of position expiry notification processes covering pre/post event expiry result notifications and associated controls, and statement accuracy control processes covering static data, manual bookings, out-of-range prices.
Tactical management of live issues impacting client service, interfacing with IT to prioritise, mitigate and perform root cause analysis of issues.
Requirements analysis and implementation of custom client reporting, liaising directly with clients to scope requirements.
Mar 2011 – Oct 2015  JP MORGAN CHASE – Investor Services, Sydney, Australia.
Management of client SLA’s and deliverables for custody and fund services clients.
Client service reviews, scorecards, metrics analysis, due diligence responses and presentations.
Partnering with clients to review strategic direction and requirements, managing client service change requirements and communicating JPMC developments.
Escalation point for service issues and product/service queries.
Coordinating virtual teams across multiple departments to effectively respond to client requests, system issues and reporting delays due to data requirements.
Coordinating financial year end timetables between virtual teams and clients.
Custody SME and joint lead coverage for 3rd party investment manager clients.
- Client Service Administrator (Contract March 2011 – Sept 2012).
Institutional client service focusing on equities, fixed interest and custody products.
Risk managing breaks and unmatched trades, investigating missing income distributions, coupons, dividends and failed payments.
Custody metrics scorecards and trend analysis, root cause analysis and remediation.
Feb 2005 – Apr 2010 MORGAN STANLEY INTERNATIONAL PLC London, United Kingdom.
- Listed Derivatives Client Relationship Manager (Sept 2009 – Apr 2010).
Developing and retaining high revenue and strategic institutional clients of the listed derivatives division of the firm (hedge funds and investment managers), including on-boarding and identification of systems and product opportunities.
Managing bespoke client requirements & technical connection requests, client meetings, root cause analysis of service issues.
Assisting in client pitches and designing / reviewing marketing material.
Value-add services including proactive client market advice and MS market analysis.
Business analysis and project management of implementation of workflow system covering primary departments of the LD division.
Training staff and clients on listed derivatives products and systems, writing and delivering seminars, training sessions and workshops.
- Listed Derivatives Client Service Representative (Feb 2005 – Sept 2009) ▪ Back-up coverage for European head of client service.
Client relationship management – liaising with clients and internal business divisions (including risk management, compliance, traders, sales and marketing).
Team leader, including resource management, service escalations and performance management in a high-pressure environment.
Transition manager for new off-site client service team (Glasgow), ensuring risk management, escalation and service during transition period, including final training of team and local manager.
Oversight of daily process including margining and position risk management, trade and product queries, break investigations and root cause analysis, complaints investigation and resolution.
Risk Management – identifying and implementing risk reduction measures around margin trade communication and processing. Process and control design for European client service teams.
Design and coordination of client confidentiality audits, local management of audit process.
Software testing and development; client relationship management system, trade allocation system. Derivative expiry tracking system, multiple SharePoint sites.
Design and implementation of E-mailbox system and email flow (multiple team mailboxes and mailgroups, including access control mail-groups. Overall saving of >1 hour per person per day. ▪ Training/Mentoring New Staff.
Aug 2001 – May 2004 COMMONWEALTH SECURITIES LIMITED, Sydney, Australia.
Client relationship management – professional clients (loans, credit needs, mortgage issues and discharges).
Trade order entry & monitoring – equities, options and warrants via IRESS and Reuters. ▪ Software testing of firm-wide client relationship management and risk analysis system ▪ Development and maintenance of email contact system and Outlook Forms development.
University of New South Wales, 2002 - Master of Technology Management.
University of New South Wales, 2000 - Bachelor of Engineering (Mining).
The Sydney Boys High School, 1995 – Higher School Certificate.
Securities and Derivatives Industry Accreditation - PS 146 (2002).
ASX Options Accredited Adviser Level 1 and Level 2 (2002, Expired).
Account & Relationship Management, Lean techniques, client & staff presentations  and training, operations team leading, project management, ad-hoc business  analysis and procedure writing, strong technical aptitude.
MS Office, Excel (Advanced) and basic VBA coding, Outlook (advanced),.
SharePoint (intermediate). User acceptance testing. Mainframe systems,.+65 9006 0647 chris.aogl@gmail.com Professional Experience.
Client coverage includes wholesale distributors and institutional investors around the Asia region.
Preparation of marketing and regulatory materials include (although not exhaustive) RFPs, factsheets, PHS, presentations and write-ups.
Jointly implemented sales and marketing campaigns with our partners to drive firm's awareness and AUM.
Client facing role which provides investment advisory to investors through various mode of communication.
Designed and implemented spreadsheet model and template to assist the team with fund selection and portfolio analysis.
Collaborated with various internal departments to increase client awareness and market share.
Consumer facing role which aims to bring new business through direct sales in order to build, develop and maintain profitable clients base.
Cross selling of product includes credit cards, personal accounts, insurance, mortgage loans, treasury related products, structured deposits and unit trust.
Proficiency - Microsoft Office –(Excel, Word, PowerPoint), Bloomberg.Merit in International Compliance Academy Advanced Certificate in Governance, Risk and Compliance.
Onshore priority banking cliental portfolio of  800 clients.
Manage a team of 4 junior relationship managers and provide mentorship and training.
Take personal responsibility for understanding the risk and compliance requirements of my role; including those governing anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions; the Group’s policies and procedures; and the Group Code of Conduct.
Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk and compliance matters.
To grow and deepen Priority Banking customer relationships through effective relationship management, with a special focus on maintaining customer’s portfolio with deposits.
To deepen existing customer relationships for Priority Banking segment to the specified service standards.
To encourage product penetration across portfolio through robust portfolio engagement and referrals.
Top Five in POSB for Single Premium Challenge 2009 for Branch Challenge.
Understanding and managing customers’ financial needs analysis and on banking products, accounts, and services enquiries in an effective and efficient manner.
Review and handle confidential client customer documents with due diligence and ensure conformity to KYC and AML standards.
Promoted to Assistant Marketing manager within ½ year as I was tasked to manage two sister company of media planning and retail outlets sales figures.
Conceptualize and implement advertising and promotional strategies.
Manage advertising and budgeting for sales and promotion campaigns.
Prepared marketing collectuals and advertisements for sales staff support.
Prepared press release for new product launches for relevant media personnel (SPH, Mediacorp, etc).
Conduct product trainings and manage sales performance of sales personnel help out in retail merchandising and retail display.
Relief teaching on ad-hoc basis during the year 2007 for primary school students in English and Mathematics.
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) Singapore Institute of Management (SIM).
Pioneer batch of Entrepreneurship course students where we managed the operations, marketing and P&L for a retail outlet.
Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAS) Examinations.
Competent in computer application software such as MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel.
Excellent in managing customer’s expectation within constraint of banking rules.
Obtain valuable soft skill and techniques needed to handle demanding customers.
Excel in multi-task by providing resolution both on email, phone and over the counter.
Able to work under pressure while maintaining KPI standards.14 years’ successful experience providing fiscal, strategic and operations leadership in uniquely challenging situation.
______________________________________________________________________________________.
Strong exposure into feasibility studies, due diligence, creating strong business proposals, Strategic Planning & Investments and handling technical documentation with local and International market exposure in developing business to ensure business growth resulting in achievement of organizational objectives.
Full knowledge of UAE central bank, DFSA and SCA regulations.
Management, critical thinking, people management , emotional intelligence , service orientation, judgment and decision making.
Extensive experience in Investment Banking, M&A transactions , fund raising , private placements and IPO’s with MAC Capital.
Best Sales performance Q1-2015  in Emirates NBD Securities ( acquired UAE 300 ML net asset account to trade on the local stock market-DICO).
Acquired 33% of all over company trading value continuously with International Financial Securities, Qatar 2012-2014 , in addition, developed access to new markets ( KSA and UAE )and new trading  products ( Commodities ) through business partnerships.
Increased sales, client base growth and overall performance moving MAC Sharaf Securities to one of the top 10 companies in Dubai Financial Market on 2010 and Nasdaq Dubai in terms of ranking ( Issued by the regulators).
Well established network in the MENA including HNWI and Institutions.
Institutional orders execution ( VWAP, TWAP,OTD, Limit, Block Crosses, MKT open and close and volume orders).
2. NASDAQ Dubai -Trading Manager and International Trading Execution.
3. The Arab Academy of Banking and Financial Sciences-Money laundering prevention in Banks & Financial Services.
4. Qatar Foundation -Technical analysis in the financial markets - Advanced.
Managing Individual portfolios on FX, Commodities and UAE stock market.
Setup institutional and HNW desk ( planning, cost and team selection).
HNWI execution , in addition to institutional conditional orders ( VWAP, Over the day and volume orders  ).
Achieve targets through service excellence in trading and articulate information dissemination.
Monitor and closely supervise Sales Team on achieving assigned targets.
Distribute orders received from institution clients to Senior Brokers /Brokers.
Company strategy , business development and team sales performance.
HNWI execution , in addition to institutional conditional orders ( VWAP, Over the day and other types of orders ).
All other works related to trading activates and operations.
Achieve targets through service excellence in trading and articulate information dissemination.
Monitor and closely supervise Sales Team on achieving assigned targets.
Adviser, business development manager and business analyst on ZAGTRADER.
Associate business development M&A Transactions         Feb 2008 till Oct 2010.
Trading execution of securities and derivatives for HNWI and Institutions.
To identify and develop new sales enquiries and convert into profitable new business, and assist with other sales and marketing activity such as trade shows and conferences.
Working on private and institutional placements of equity and debt.
Conduct due diligence on reviewing, analyzing and assessing clients’ businesses, financial position, business operations, and management performance.
IPO, Secondary Offering, Rights Issues, Corporate Merger and Acquisition administration (public and private).
Connect the onshore and offshore financial institutions to the local market.
NASDAQ Dubai, Client trading and international settlement monitoring ( CAD and DVP).
Handling and reviewing accounts, settlement and all related job to day to day operations.
Handling and reviewing accounts, settlement and all related job to day to day operations.
Handling all operation with CDS ( Central Depositary and Settlement )Department in Dubai Financial Market.
Checking & receiving daily work flow as a gate to the operation manager.  Follow the bank reconciliation.
Treasury and settlements clerk Brokerage house back office                           Apr 2004 – Jun 2005.
Supervision and control buying and selling transaction processing on the core banking system.
Daily and monthly reporting for the Head of investment about commission income and market conditions.
Cyprus Commercial Investment Division LTD Cyprus-Nicosia.
Managing customer opening accounts and other administration for FX trading.Marina Bay Residences, 18 Marina Boulevard, Singapore • candyxhan@gmail.com • 91888379.
The Fund’s investment strategy is to target companies that are benefitting from the rise in the emerging Asian middle class and are thus in structural growth mode.
Co – manage the fund with one other portfolio manager. The Fund is expected to grow at 8-12% annually, with investments operating in areas such as tourism, healthcare, education, internet and finance.
Closely following development in investments recommended; conducting client.
Lead roadshows and marketing activities for institutional clients.
Developing investment ideas through original rigorous financial analysis for the Global Fund.
Focused on companies that have genuine long-term growth stories. This protected the Fund to the downside, gained relative outperformance vs the index, for instance during the financial market.
Developing strategies that interest clients and help RBS to sell solutions and products. Actively helping in client-driven revenue increasing. E.g. performed scenario analysis for structures on the back of client’s interest in rates products.
Performing in-depth analysis on market dislocations/ opportunities ideas. e.g. market implied distribution of rates & NIM simplified modelling, structural correlations and distortions in different asset classes. Deriving trade ideas from internal model with various macro and industrial drivers, both market and micro risk manage the portfolio.
Pushing the restructuring initiative that helped corporates to restructure existing trades, resulting in a large P&L.
Majors: Fixed Income Securities Pricing, Option Pricing, Mathematics Techniques for Finance, Applied Statistics and Financial Econometrics, Portfolio Management, Risk Management.
This quantitative course equipped me with the mathematical tools and the intuition to model, structure and price complex fixed income and equities products.
Dissertation: “Non-linear Mean Reverting in Yen Real Exchange Rate”.
Majors: Fixed Income Securities Pricing, Option Pricing, Mathematics Techniques for Finance, Applied Statistics and Financial Econometrics, Portfolio Management, Risk Management.
This quantitative course equipped me with the mathematical tools and the intuition to model, structure and price complex fixed income and equities products.
Dissertation: “Non-linear Mean Reverting in Yen Real Exchange Rate”.
First Class (top 5%) in BSc (Hons) in Economics and Econometrics.
Final Project: Used econometric software running regression analysis to compare economic models, to give advice on Fiscal and Monetary policy decisions.
Mandarin (native) English (excellent) Cantonese (excellent) Italian (intermediate).
Advance Excel and VBA, Bloomberg, PPT/ Presentational Skills, experience in Stats packages.
Investing, Properties, Piano, Wine, Fashion, Reading, Skiing.(+201) 00 910 87 26 | (+971) 52 782 15 44 Hussein_selim@hotmail.com.
An experienced Head of Sales and Trading, with deep business awareness in Institutional Sales and Trading, Asset Management Products, Wealth Management Products, Treasury Products, Online Trading, HNW and Gulf Sales.
A Certified and Registered Portfolio Manager from Egyptian Investment Management Association (EIMA) with decision making abilities about investment mix and policy, matching investments to objectives, asset allocation for individuals and institutions and balancing risk against performance.
A Certified Investment Specialist from American University in Cairo (AUC), with depth knowledge of working on a consultative investment basis with intermediaries and institutions, and client; in addition to demonstrated knowledge of financial planning and excellent communication skills.
A Certified and Registered Sales Trader (Account Manger) from Egyptian Financial Supervisory Authority (EFSA).
A member in The Egyptian Investment Management Association (EIMA) and The Egyptian Society of Technical Analyst (ESTA).
A Certified & registered Real Estate Broker in the Real Estate Regulatory Agency, Land Department Government of Dubai (RERA).
Sales & Trading Director   Nov. 15 – Present  Pyramids Capital Securities, Cairo, Egypt.
EFG-Hermes UAE (A subsidiary of EFG-Hermes Holding), Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Chic House Real Estate Brokers Dubai, United Arab Emirates.                               Jun. 13 – Jan. 15.
Real Estate Regulatory Agency, Land Department Government of Dubai (RERA).
The American University in Cairo (AUC) – Management Center - Institute of Banking and Finance.
Bachelor of Commerce - Accounting & Finance Section    Sep. 96 – Nov. 01.
AAISecurities (A subsidiary of Arab African International Bank), Cairo, Egypt.
Pioneers Securities (A subsidiary of Pioneers Holding), Cairo, Egypt.
Sales Trader (Account Manager)   Pyramids Capital Securities, Cairo, Egypt.
Arab Finance – EFG-Hermes Electronic Service, Cairo, Egypt.South Asia Business Development and Client Servicing Account Associate Jun2016 – Now.
Part of a team of 5 covering South Asia institutions and distributors.
Institutional client coverage includes SWFs, Central Banks, pension funds, insurance firms, university endowments across South Asia. Focus on Singapore, Philippines, Pakistan, Malaysia, Brunei and frontier markets such as Kazakhstan. Act as a back-up for Thailand and Indonesia.
Distribution client coverage includes direct distribution or distribution of white-labelled funds across South Asia (ex-Singapore). Focus on Malaysia and Philippines, act as a back-up for Thailand and Indonesia.
Hybrid role which covers client servicing, business development and cross-selling activities.
Strategy and planning in terms of mapping out the universe of prospects within South Asia and tier-ing them accordingly.
Identification of client trends and investment risk profiles.
Preparation of RFP due diligence questionnaires and finals presentation.
Involvement in client / prospect meetings, including the preparation of presentation materials and follow-up tasks.
Preparation of portfolio review materials (performance attribution, portfolio statistics and market updates, etc.).
Preparation of recurring client reports on a monthly / quarterly / annually basis (eg. Guideline compliance, fund statistics, risk management and due diligence, etc.).
Handling ad-hoc queries from clients / prospects (eg. Market views and investment themes).
Banking Financial Institutional Group (FIG) Relationship Manager Aug2014 – May2016.
Transferred from HK office to be a relationship management banker looking at overall relationship for buy-side clients, with focus on Asset Management firms, hedge funds and assisting a senior banker with large SWFs / Central Banks.
Well-familiarised with asset management industry (eg. Stock Connect / RQFII / FPI/ASEAN Passport).
Seek opportunities in new markets, new channels and new lines of business with existing clients. Cultivate and deepen existing relationships with the aim of increasing market share. Identify cross-sell opportunities in Global Markets, Custody and Clearing Services, Payments and Cash Management, Capital Financing, etc.
Work together with Product Sales specialists to respond to RFPs, client queries and due diligence.
Conduct KYC, onboarding, monitoring / applying credit facilities, understanding risk analysis of specific clients.
Constant communication with C-suites, Executive Directors / Managing Directors, Treasurers, Finance Managers, to understand their needs and identify business development opportunities with the aim to increase market share.
Pitched for real estate financing deal of USD160m based in China, with an onshore-offshore loan structure. Also looked at the structuring of an interest rate swap to fix interests for the floating-rate loan.
Legal negotiations and obtaining necessary Risk approvals.
Banking Financial Institutional Group (FIG) Associate Aug2011 – Aug2014.
Part of the HSBC Global Banking Graduate Programme and was promoted to Associate within 2 years.
Attached to the Securities Coverage team of relationship managers who interact with corporate senior management (eg. Treasurer, Finance team, etc.) – covering both Multinational and Asian investment banks, broker-dealers, brokerages and clearing houses. A member of the regional team that is actively involved in deals across Asia Pacific.
Strategise and prepare client plans, revenue analysis, placemats and pitch books.
Analysis of re-financing solutions and capital structure for a market leading broker-dealer that was undergoing acquisition.
Credit Rating Advisory Pre-Acquisition: Pro-forma EBITDA and Revenue analysis to advise client on expected ratings and appropriate timing for obtaining ratings. Also advised on appropriate funding solutions (bond issuance versus bilateral/syndicated loans).
USD100m Bilateral Loan Agreement: Arranged a 1-year financing solution for the client post-acquisition. The company needed to shift their debt reliance away from their previous parent company. Did a pro-forma analysis of the acquirer company (the Guarantor) post-acquisition to negotiate suitable financial covenants for the loan agreement. Actively involved in LMA loan negotiation.
Credit Proposal Post-Acquisition: Client was acquired by a corporate parent (previously owned by a bank). Credit Risk team saw this as a huge change in risk profile and requested for cutting of credit lines. Single-handedly prepared the credit proposal to convince Credit Risk team that no credit lines should be removed for the client.
Involved in a bond issuer roadshow in HK, where we visited HK-based institutional investors.
Credit proposal for HKD1.5 – 3 billion syndicated loan facility for a Chinese broker-dealer.
Setting up working capital facilities for corporations (eg. revolving loan, overdraft, intra-day settlement facilities).
Oversee legal negotiation for LMA loan documentation, ISDA and CSA.
Global Banking Client Management Multi-Nationals Corporations (MNC) - Summer Analyst Jun – Aug2010.
Was offered to join the HSBC Global Graduate Programme upon completion of the internship.
Bachelor of Business Administration (2nd Upper Class Honors) 2011.
Dean’s List in Academic Year 1 (Semester 1), Year 2 (Semester 1), Year 3 (Semester 1).
Summer Graduate course focusing on Investment Banking & Structured Finance 2009.
Awarded straight distinctions in Economics, Mathematics, Biology and Chemistry.
Best Advocacy Skills Award for the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Mediation Competition.
Top 8 Global Finalists for the CIMA Global Business Case Competition (International Finals).
NUS Business Faculty Scholarship: Awarded only to a handful of students in the entire cohort, based on excellent A Level results and rich leadership qualities.Professional Profile: Senior banking professional with over 22 years of management experience in worldclass organizations in retail liabilities & assets, wealth management, investment banking, investment advisory, marketing, customer service, audit & compliance and people management. Held a succession of leadership roles building and managing wealth management & consumer banking businesses. Consistently successful in business strategy, developing new markets, penetrating new territories and identifying & capturing new business. Goal driven manager committed to developing outcomes mutually benefiting the company and the client. Recognised for leadership skills, strong people management, ability to motivate teams and drive results.
Established and grew DIFC business (Middle East and Africa) for Kotak Mahindra Bank in Dubai, achieving an AUM of over US$ 350 million in over 2 years; recruited and built a high performing team of private bankers; Instrumental in establishing compliance procedures and coordinating satisfactory DFSA audits every year.
P&L owner for last 11 years, responsible for top line revenue and cost control with Kotak Mahindra Group managing asset and liability products with credit authority for retail loans.
Generated the highest revenues and managed the biggest region for Kotak Mahindra Bank, between 2007 and 2010; Head of Region, managing 26 branches and a 300-strong sales force, specialising in deposit, investment, insurance and retail/corporate loans.
Rated as an Outstanding Performer as a Regional Head in India (2008) and in the Middle East (2011).
Instrumental in the creation of a flagship branch in Delhi for Kotak Mahindra Bank, with the largest retail liability book (2003-2006).
Director of a Citibank subsidiary in South India, building a 3-state regional sales team; focussed on sourcing retail liability and investment business via a 30 strong sales team (2001-2003).
One of CitiGold’s Top 3 relationship managers in India, selected for a stint with the CitiBank NRI team in the US (2000).
Managed and led large teams of field consultants and branch employees for Citibank (India) and Kotak Mahindra Bank (India and Middle East).
Vast experience in senior management, heading up a network of retail and wealth branches across national and international regions.
Established a large team of field-based consultants across 3 South India regions, tasked with sourcing priority banking relationships for Citibank.
Set up an external regional sales channel of 26 branches, 150+ consultants and 100+ relationship managers,  specialising in sourcing, management and advisory services to priority customers.
Collaboration with zonal and national consumer banking heads to agree regional priorities for P&L delivery, branch budget management and control, and also vertical and cost identification and control.
Setting balanced scorecard for each role in the region, from branch heads through to field consultants; defining clear parameters for quality and compliance standards.
Using scorecard results to inform planning and decision making with regard to improved branch behaviours, output and service delivery.
Planning and prioritizing regional business improvement projects with substantial results, including Six Sigma, Complaints Resolution and Cross-Selling Ratios.
Successful in managing a private banking portfolio in the Middle East of over USD 350 Mn across a team and USD 150 Mn individually.
Comprehensive product knowledge of Investment Advisory products, discretionary mandates, hedge funds, private equity, FX and commodities, structured products, life insurance including premium financing, and trust & estate planning, retail liabilities and retail loans.
•  Introduced business improvement tools and methodologies, including CRM systems, MIS.
tracking (customer analytics/quality control), balanced scorecard and customer risk classification.
• Consistent achievement of satisfactory regulatory audit ratings, with experience of introducing measures and controls to improve areas of non-compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements. Regular interactions with regulatory authorities like DFSA and RBI.
• Extensive use of cross functional collaboration to boost cohesion across business units and enhance customer experience.
UBP is one of Switzerland’s leading Private Banks dedicated to wealth management for private and institutional clients managing about USD 100 Bn in assets.
Acquiring, building and deepening the private banking relationships across Middle East and Africa.
Key Book of HNWI NRI Clients, Local and NRI family offices of over USD 150 Mn across MEA.
Offering international private banking solutions ranging from wealth structuring, international advisory, lombard lending, investment banking, life insurance and international banking.
Comprehensive product knowledge of Advisory products, discretionary mandates, hedge funds, private equity, FX and commodities, structured products and trust & estate planning.
Lloyds International Private Banking sold to Union Bancaire Privee (UBP), Switzerland in November 2013. UBP undertook cost-cutting within 3 months of takeover resulting in head-count reduction of many ex-Lloyds staff.
Kotak Mahindra Financial Services Limited, Dubai, UAE       April 2010 – Dec 2012.
Senior Vice President – Head Wealth Management, Middle East & Africa.
Heading the private banking unit of the DIFC registered entity of Kotak Mahindra Bank in the Middle East.
Started the wealth management unit of Kotak in DIFC in 2010 and built the book to an AUM of over USD 350Mn in less than 3 years.
Setting compliance procedures in place and ensuring adherence to strict audit, compliance and regulatory framework of the DFSA. Responsible for ensuring satisfactory DFSA audits.
Responsible for exploring new markets in the region for this entity for managing and acquiring HNI and ultra-HNI professional clients as defined by the DFSA.
Responsible for managing a team of 15 Wealth Relationship Managers / Team Leaders whose function is to acquire, develop and maintain a portfolio of ‘professional’ HNI and ultra-HNI client relationships within the defined affluent market segment ensuring the overall department goals and business results are achieved.
Detailed financial advisory to each client for their offshore and onshore portfolios.
Offering the entire gamut of onshore and offshore equity and debt products, Private Equity, Realty, FCCB’s, Structured Products, Alternate assets, onshore & offshore broking platforms, long-term insurance and estate planning referral services.
Providing clients with banking solutions across asset and liability products in India.
Enabling tie-ups with large private banking organizations in the region to expand the suite of international product offering to clients.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., New Delhi, India             Oct 2006 – Mar 2010.
Senior Vice President - Regional Business Manager (Liabilities and Assets), Delhi NCR.
Heading the Branch Banking, NRI, Kotak Priority Banking, Wealth and Business Banking verticals • Managing a branch network of 26 branches in the region comprising of an asset and liability book of Rs. 1500 crores.
Responsible for sales of liability & investment products and cross-sales of asset products across the retail and priority banking portfolio.
Responsible for ensuring asset product sales across Personal Loans, Home Loans, Business Banking, Ccommercial Vehicles, Auto Loan, Agri and Loan Against Property across all channels in the region. Credit authority for retail loans for the region.
Overall responsibility of P&L and product-wise budgets for the region.
Managing over 300 branch and sales personnel with 7 direct reports.
Implementing robust controls and processes across branches for the region and responsible for audits across the region.
Preparing, executing and managing business strategies for the entire region to explore new opportunities and deepening the existing relationships.
Regularly review performance on all parameters across the region and implementing corrective action.
Maximising direct product cross-sales across the region and implementing strategies for effective service registrations across the channel.
Working with the marketing team for effective sales programs for new customer acquisition across the branch and priority channels.
Ensuring identification and launches of new branches and ATM’s as per schedule and completing fresh hiring / replacement requirements for the region by working closely with the infrastructure and human resources groups.
Ensuring training and development needs are addressed for existing as well as new employees.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., New Delhi, India             Apr 2005 – Sep 2006.
Driving branch and sales performance across products in the cluster to meet budgets.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., New Delhi, India             Jun 2003 – Mar 2005.
Associate Vice President & Branch Head, Connaught Place Branch.
Heading the flagship branch of KMBL at the regional office in Connaught Place.
Largest branch pan-India in terms of balance sheet, investment and insurance sales.
Responsible for growing and managing the balance sheet for liability and investment products.
Responsible for branch sourcing of insurance and asset products (car loans, personal loans).
Managing a large team of Wealth Managers handling HNI clients and Service Managers.
Responsible for tying up for direct banking service deliverables in the city viz. replenishment of ATM cash, regular cheque pickups, draft drawing arrangements and currency chest.
Key team member for conducting marketing and promotional activities for KMBL in Delhi.
Responsible for business development and acquisitions in AP, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
Chairman and Whole-Time Director on behalf of Citibank in Southern Finserve Pvt. Ltd., an affiliate of Citigroup, the liabilities acquisition arm of the bank branded as InvestOne nationally.
Lead a team of over 200 sales executives and telemarketing executives across these cities.
Responsible for generating liability and asset sourcing across domestic accounts, insurance and investment products, NR products, Suvidha corporate accounts and cross-sales of loan products including personal/home loans/auto loans, credit cards & loans against shares.
Citicorp Investment Services / NRI Banking, USA        Aug 2000 - Mar 2001.
Franchise building for the NRI book in the Southern states based in Houston, TX.
Cross-sales of local and offshore deposit products and investment services.
Responsible for nurturing the Canadian market for sales of treasury products to NRIs.
Setting up and managing independently a team of 15 direct marketing associates for selling liability products of the bank in a new city.
Sales manager for the bank for liabilities and investment products in Hyderabad and cross-sales of loan products including housing loans, personal loans, credit cards and auto loans.
Handling compliance, control and service responsibilities for the branch.
Single interface coordinating with mutual fund house representatives and worked on joint sales and promotion programs. Achieved leading distributor status with every mutual fund company.
Achieved annual sales targets for 1999 within nine months of branch operations in Hyderabad built a deposit and investment book totaling approx. Rs. 85 crores independently (approx. USD 20 MM).
Managing high net-worth relationships in a portfolio of over 3500 accounts.
Marketing of various investment products viz. Mutual funds, public sector bonds, negotiable certificate of deposits, etc.
Handling a team of Direct Marketing Associates comprising business development executives and telemarketing executives.
Compliance Officer of Citibank - Delhi branch responsible for transaction monitoring, RBI and branch audits, Self Assessments, cash reviews, etc,.
Generating cross-sales of asset based products including credit cards, personal/home loans.
Handling the TDS (Tax Deduction at Source on deposits) desk, INR remittances, exceptions reporting and MIS reporting of all branches. Project coordinator for signature tracking.
Wholly owned subsidiary of Apollo Tyres Ltd. specialising in project appraisals, joint ventures, collaborations, mergers & acquisitions.
Preparation of detailed project reports for placement of equity and debt instruments.
Category I Merchant Banker specialising in managing public issues, portfolio management, mergers and executions of sale mandates and bought-out deals.
Analysed geographical distribution of import letters of credit and travellers’ cheques encashments in Delhi and Bombay. Analysed foreign exchange transactions of all forex dealers in New Delhi.
University of Delhi, Department of Business Economics, New Delhi.
Master of Business Economics (MBE), Finance and Marketing, May 1994.
Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI)   Diploma in Business Finance (DBF), March 1997.
National Institute of Information Technology (NIIT), New Delhi   Honors Diploma in Systems Management, Distinction, May 1992.
Indian School Certificate Examination (ISCE), Distinction, May 1989.
Cleared AMFI (Basic Module) and NSDL (Depository Operations) in 2001/02 as a certified trainer Interests    &    Activities.
Passionate about watching and playing cricket. Was also a member of the college cricket team.
Elected as team member for college debating team •  Enjoy reading on management, business and economy.
Director and General Partner – Expat Emerging Funds, Cayman Islands.
Strategy and business development for international investment sales.
•  Independent Consultant to select Private Clientele for: o  Global M&A and Corporate Finance  o  Succession & Estate Planning o  Business setup advisory.EU & Dubai, U.A.E Mobile +32 (0) 487 460520 elie_chalouhi@hotmail.com.
Real Estate entrepreneur proposing and selling opportunistic international off market equity investment deals to a network of (U) HNW investors based in the GCC region.
First Gulf Equity ( FGE ) is a Dubai-based one stop shop international real estate equity investment platform that specializes in sourcing opportunistic global off-market opportunities for a select clientele of high net worth individuals, families and trusts in the GCC region.
FGE gives investors ready access to invest in prime opportunistic RE equity investment deals.
Our capital raising and investor relations services allow RE sponsors to focus their efforts on managing their investment portfolios for the benefit of investors instead of raising capital.
Track record for raising equity capital in the GCC that resulted in winning capital commitment mandates:.
Westminster Abbey deal in prime SW1 London with Henley Investments (raised  £12m equity with a Qatari UHNWI out of £56m requirement) – May, 2013.
Technopark phase III deal in Kerala, India with Taurus Investment Holding ( raised USD 75m equity with a Qatari Investment firm out of USD500m requirement ) – October, 2014.
Funding process for the Launching of RealPool, a one stop shop global opportunistic RE platform that will transform the interaction between sponsors and investors in the RE private equity market.
Sales Director, part of the management team Brussels , Belgium.
Increased sales from start up to EUR 30 million in annual revenue.
Attained 125% of planned sales in 2009, 200% in 2010 and 2011 and 300% forecasted in 2012.
Recruit, coach and optimize the sales team ( direct sales force: 65 ).
Implemented standardized processes performance metrics and incentives that immediately improvedsales performance.
Actively involved in developing Green Point store concept and in drafting all contractual agreements.
Ranked # 1 in the Belgium market in 2012, with an annual forecast of EUR 60 million for 2013.
Managed key strategic accounts selling all type of property class assets that deliver stable distributions and sustainable total returns for global investors and international property investment firms.
Inspire and coach sales teams (sales force of 40) and local broker's partners to exceed sales revenue targets.
Achieved company's biggest single transaction in 2007 for the sale of commercial office floors in the DIFC district (+/- US 15M).
Achieved highest dollar Sales volume for luxury apartments and villas to global investors, mainly.
British and Russians. Ranked # 1 sales' volume for 2 consecutive years (total revenue generated: +/- US 35M ).
Achieved quickest turnaround in Company's history by selling a 1250m2 luxury penthouse to a Kenyan Sr. Official (US 3,5M), in 3 days!.
Encourage, train and coach the sales team and local real estate agents to sell property portfolio resulting to annual sales revenue exceeding US 225M.
Source, buy, hold and sell property opportunities in Europe and in the US IN partnership with (U)HNW investors.
Developed and managed multi-million Euros exclusive portfolio in Belgium for the account of Macnash & Ass.
Broke sales record with Sales of 60 residential properties in 6 months. Ranked #1 salesman.
Sales of global logistics services, mainly transportation and warehousing facilities for key customers like Hasbro International, Emery Worldwide, Carrefour, Volkswagen AG, Dade Diagnostic Temporary logistics assignments on behalf of PriceWaterhouseCoopers at Valio, Levi Strauss EMEA, PerkinHelmer Life Science, Glaverbel and Marsh.
1990 – 1994 Bachelor in Business Administration, Mercer University, Atlanta, USA.Successful sales professional with extensive experience in Greater China and South East Asia and wide connection with financial institutions and high net worth individuals. Strong financial product knowledge in financial products across different asset classes. A committed and self-motivated team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Fluent in English and Mandarin.
Fixed Income and Derivatives Valuation – South East Asia Specialist.
Responsible for developing Fixed Income and cross-assets derivatives valuation business in SEA Regions including Singapore,  Malaysia,Brunei, Philippines, Indonesia and India etc.
Major clients include Regional Banks, PBs, Asset Managers and Sovereign Wealth Funds in the region.
Note: From Mar 2013 to July 2014, taking time off to take care of my child.
Responsible for developing  China Institutional business and providing cross assets investment products and asset allocation solutions to leading onshore and offshore  Chinese financial institutions .
Successfully developed Barclays Fixed Income and Cash Equity business in China.
Major clients include sovereign wealth funds, top tier and second tier banks, private banks, asset managers and HNW clients in China and HK.
China Investment Corporation (CIC)                                                          May 2010 - Nov 2010 Secondee, Relative Value Investment Department, Beijing.
Worked in CIC under a 6 months secondment arrangement between Barclays and CIC to facilitate the fixed income tactical asset allocation and relative value investment.
Built up good relationship with Fixed Income, Equity, Alternative Investment Department of CIC.
Man Investments (Hong Kong) Limited                                                    Apr 2009 - May 2010 Director, Sales-China Market, Hong Kong.
Responsible for developing the hedge funds business in the asset management, retail banking and private banking areas in China, HK.
Worked closely with China Merchant Bank PB to provide hedge fund linked products to its high net worth clients in China, HK and Taiwan.
Responsible for developing equity-derivatives business in China.
Successfully introduced equity- and fund-linked structured products to institutional and HNW clients in China. Major clients include onshore and offshore entities in China and HK..
Responsible for providing fixed income and FX linked solutions to major Chinese banks including ICBC, BOC, ABC, CCB and second tier banks. Major products included snowball, target redemption, CMS DRA etc.
Deals volume ranked No. 1 in ICBC’s wealth management business.
Responsible for coordinating projects in restructuring, M&A, listed company asset injection projects and overseas short-term and long-term financing programs.
Responsible for investing into yield enhance products including CLN, Dual currency deposits etc to improve the return of the group’s foreign currency assets as well as hedging solutions..
Central University of Finance and Economics, Beijing                               Sep 1995 - Jan 1998 Master of Economics in Accounting with Honors Central University of Finance and Economics, Beijing                                Sep 1991 – Jul 1995 Bachelor of Economics in Accounting with Honors.
Non-practical Certified Public Accountant (CPA), since Sept 1996.
Chinese Institution of Certified Public Accountant (CICPA) , since Sept 1996.Subjects: Business Statistic, Microeconomics, Business Law, Management & Organization Behavior, Accounting for Decision Making, Macroeconomics, Statistic for Business & Marketing, Introduction to Marketing, Advertising and Public Relations, Marketing Research, Consumer Behavior, Strategic International Trade Operations, Advance Marketing Research, International Marketing, Marketing Planning and Strategy, International Business Context, Distribution Management, International Trade Practice, Introduction to Tourism, Information System for Business, Business to Business Marketing, Business Communication, Computer System, Product and Brand Management.
Youth Exchange to  under the Lion Club youth exchange program.
Canadian International Matriculation Program - July 2003 – November 2004.
Subjects: Mathematics for Data Management, English, Computer and Information Science, Introduction to International Business, Organization Behavior and Human Resource, Principles of Financial Accounting, Information Technologies in Business, World Issues: A Geographic Analysis.
Subjects: Math, Commerce, Accounting, English, Malay Language, History, Science, Economics,.
Team Leader, Business Development Singapore & Malaysia June 2016 – Present.
We are the world’s leading financial services careers website – the place to go for financial careers and talent. We’re here to give companies and professionals in the financial services industry that vital edge. We bring clients and candidates together quickly and easily, so everyone gains. With each and every success we build our reputation as catalysts for progress.
Target audience varies from CEO, CIO, CFO, COO, Investment Directors, Investors Relation Directors, Associates and Analyst.
Holding a subscription focus sales role, selling all publication under PEI Media (currently 9 titles) towards Asia based target audience plus mentoring and guiding new sales executive that join the team.
Manage to convince key investors (ie: pension fund, sovereign fund and government link funds) across Asia to start paying for information as they usually get them for free thru GP or their own network. Key investors such as KWAP, EPF, GPIF Japan, Hong Kong Monetary Authority & China Investment Corporation.
Achieve a 50% year-on-year personal sales increment in 2014.
Business nature: Publication & Conferences on Private Equity focusing into the Asian region.
Target audience varies from CEO, CIO, CFO, Investment Directors, Investors Relation Directors, Investment Associates and Analyst.
Held a dual sales role, with a focus on delegate sales for Asia based conferences & subscription sales for PE Asia magazine and online platform. Point to note that I was the sole sales in Asia and PEI Media did not had any sales executive in Asia prior to me.
Achieve a 40% increase from previous year in paying delegates towards our 2012 real estate conference.
Increase new sales of PE Asia subscription on a 55% year-on-year basis.
Generation of new subscribers via organize roadshow events throughout the island. Also act as a product ambassador by providing information about M1 broadband services.
Business nature: Barcode solutions, asset & inventory tracking solutions and Point-of-sale solutions.
Customer base varies from resellers, end users, manufacturers, logistics and warehouses.
Primary responsibility is to generate new accounts and also providing support to existing customers. Other responsibilities are also such as Payment Collection, Product Sourcing, and Price Negotiations.
Star Award: Highest Overall Sales in 2009 for Tele Dynamics Solutions Sdn Bhd.
Won a contract worth RM50k to provide barcode scanners and mobile handhelds scanners to Safeguards Securicor.
Won a contract worth RM120k to provide Point-of-sale terminals to Baskin Robbins new North-South Highway kiosk project.
Won a contract worth RM80k to provide document imaging hardware to Recall Malaysia.
Active person - enjoys 11 a-side football, 5 a-side futsal, hiking when possible, traveler and an Arsenal fan.Preferred Work Location  Across Singapore, Across Singapore, Across Malaysia.
Bachelor's Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management | Singapore.2006   Awarded European Erasmus Mundus full scholarship for the European Masters in Strategic Project.
Management from Heriot – Watt University, Scotland, Politecnico di Milano, Italy, and Umea school of Business and Economics, Sweden.
2003  GSA scholarship (Graduate scholarhsip for ASEAN Nationals).
GSA scholarship (Graduate scholarhsip for ASEAN Nationals), GPA 4.5/5.
  Committee member of EGSS (Economics Graduate Student Society).
Part of institutional sales team growing AUM from USD 2.5bn to USD 5bn in the last 4 years.
Cold calling and utilizing current network to create strong sales pipeline.
Leading major sales activities in Singapore, Thailand, Philippines, Vietnam, and supporting sales activities in other markets in Southeast Asia such as Brunei, Malaysia, Indonesia.
Meeting with prospects to discuss investment needs and to offer suitable investment products   Servicing Tier 1 clients, attending portfolio reviews, responding to all inquiries, cross-selling new products, discussing market outlook, and analyzing portfolio performance.
Managing relationships with investment consultants to explore new sales opportunities.
Organizing regular Thought Leadership Forums, training clients, preparing presentations and RFPs.
(Formerly Congruix Investment Management – Legg Mason)  Singapore.
Lead account manager for clients with total AUM of USD 2bn in Asian Equities.
Attended portfolio reviews, discussed investment outlook, and explained performance to clients   Prepared investment reports, presentation materials, RFPs, RFIs.
Built finance models for both internal and external projects.
Evaluated  investment cases allocating $200 million to newly built vessels.
Supported the commercial manager in selling logistic projects and managing existing client relationships.
Completed three month intensive Equity LAUNCH investment training program conducted by.
Wellington Management’s top investment professionals and  professors from Harvard University,.
Worked on a rotation basis with commodities, real estate, and automobile portfolio managers in equity research i.e. built financial models, attended company meetings, conducted industry research, assigned internal stock ratings and recommended to portfolio managers.
Business Development Assistant, Business Development Group.
Part of the newly established business development team covering Southeast Asia and Korea   Cold-called to explore new opportunities, attended meetings, and followed up on open issues with regional institutional prospects. Worked with private bank clients to support the sales of Wellington’s mutual funds on their retail platforms.
Responded to all requests and inquiries from prospects on different investment products.
Organized investment seminars and conducted training to prospects on various investment topics.10 Toh Yi Road, Singapore 596493  [+65] 98300688  amandatayyl@gmail.com.
FundedHere is the first MAS-licensed debt-and-equity crowdfunding platform; raising funds for companies on the catalyst and startups.
Responsible for building out Accredited Investors network of ultra/high networth individuals, institutional investors and family offices.  Manage investment memorandum, investor reporting and strategic client meetings.
Associate, Senior Product Manager, Product Management department.
Product manager for the flagship direct investments program; responsibilities include providing investor updates on their portfolios, producing investment write-ups on new investments and exits, and serving as main investor contact for the direct equity program.
Managed strategic department initiatives with the objective of improving operation flow, process automation, client delivery and user experience with the online platform.
Responsible for quarterly investor reporting with update publications, pitch books and sales support materials.
Servicing requests from external fund managers by addressing portfolio-related, investment performance and audit enquiries.
Author of 2015’s edition of Douglas-Westwood’s World LNG 2015-2019, 2014’s edition of the World FLNG 2014-2018 and co-author of Onshore Pipelines 2013-2017 publications. [see ‘Publications & Editorials’ section].
Commercial and financial due diligence for the investment banks and private equity firms on various IPO listing and growth capital investment projects. [see ‘IPO Support & Independent Market Analysis’ section].
Business advisory engagements for offshore sector players looking to enter a new sector, expansion of an existing business and other related bespoke consultancy work. [see ‘Strategic Business Advisory’ section].
Presented at industry conferences and in project-bid exercises. Constantly reaching out to industry prospects/contacts to seek potential consulting mandates. Studied and developed in-depth knowledge of industry trends, competition and services to keep initiatives relevant.
Sales / Roadshow Coordinator, Australia/New Zealand Equities Sales.
Managed and liaise with research analysts, event marketing team, logistics vendors to put together roadshows and conferences bringing together over 60 investors and companies primarily in the natural resources, mining and gaming space.
Assisted in the preparation of company deck including its equity story, financial information, sector comparables and recent transactions.
Monitored grey list and other matters relating to Chinese Wall and IBD Control Room.
Drafted and compiled various risk control report detailing non-compliance, resolution and other risk related statistics to HKMA and SFC.
Managed offshoring/outsourcing projects; facilitate regulatory notification requirements with APAC, EMEA and US compliance officers.
Coordinated IB Monitoring alerts and produced related monthly statistical reports; organized reviews in support of the Operational Risk Inventory; assist in closing out significantly aged monitoring alerts.
Global Intelligence Alliance Pte Ltd, Singapore                  2009 (<1 year).
Intern, Business Development Department in a business consulting agency specialized in fast-moving consumer goods.
Prepared white paper, strategic profile comparison and project proposals for companies including F&N Coca-Cola, Unilever Proctor & Gamble and other major FMCG companies.
Drafted sector competition landscape, regulatory analysis and execute circa 5 mandates relating to inbound/outbound growth strategies for FMCG companies in Singapore, Asia and Greater China market segments.
Prospected potential FMCG clients through cold-calling towards the development of consulting mandates.
Facilitated collaborative relationships with insurance, fund management companies and other product providers to strategically formulate a business plan in line with overall department strategy to optimize product portfolio and to improve distribution strategy.
Conducted competitor analysis on investment-linked and life insurance products based on premium, coverage and added riders.
Supported the revamp of Wealth Management products training materials for personal wealth managers.
 Conducted research related to the conflict of interest acting as a Self-Regulatory Organization receiving regulatory income.   Drafted preliminary case study and recommendations on the administration of regulatory income.
Author of the 2014’s edition of the FLNG publication as published in various editorials - such aannd Offshore Magazine.
IPO support for Maybank on Scomi Group, a deepwater drilling services company.
Commercial due diligence for Headland Capital on Samson Maritime, an offshore service vessels company.
Independent market analysis for Navis Capital on the Corrosion Resistant Alloy market.
Bespoke consultancy for Samsung Engineering on the offshore sector including drilling rigs, fixed platforms, FPSOs, FLNG, FSRUs, offshore pipelines and SURF markets.
Business planning with GE Energy, looking at business supply chain for floating and fixed production systems.
Industry consultation on various industry stakeholders on the drilling mud motor bearing market.
UBS Australasian Investor Briefings 2011 – Lead organizer for UBS investor conference for natural resources companies based in Australasia.
DNV Conference 2012 – Author and project leader of the maiaterial, The Challenges of Offshore E&P in APAC.
Attendee and active participant at 9th Annual LNG World OSEA Conference 2013, SPRING Singapore 2013, OSV Conference 2013, etc.
Champion (NTU representative), Avenues 07 Annual International Business Festival [International business case competition].
Finalist (NTU representative), Thammasat Undergraduate Business Challenge [International business case competition].
Recipient, NTU Colours Award [University award in recognition of sports excellence and leadership].
Runner up, Nanyang Business Case Competition [Annual school-wide business strategy competition].
Assistant Vice-president of Training and Development, NBS Business Solutions [Business strategy interest club]         Sub-committee Member, NTU Investment Interactive Club [Investment interest club].
Recipient, NJC Colours Award [Award in recognition of sports excellence and leadership].
House Captain & Executive Committee member, NJC 37th Student Council.
Recipient, Edusave Entrance Scholarship for Independent Schools.
Recipient, Singapore South Zone Schools’ Sports Council Award [for achievement in swimming].
 Organized 40 core members in community initiatives and mentorship programmes in collaboration with grassroots organizations and UBS AG.
Mentorship with former Cabinet Minister for Finance and Transport (Mrs. Lim Hwee Hua).
Supported and volunteered at the weekly Meet-the People sessions and Serangoon community programmes.
Medalist, 1st and 2nd South East Asia Inter-club Swimming Championships.
Recipient, Certificate by SPEX 21 for outstanding performance in Singapore Sports Council/Singapore Swimming Association Swimming Development Scheme.J.P. MORGAN Equity Capital Markets, Associate   Feb 2015 – Present.
Work directly with senior team members to analyze strategic options and create pitch   books for deals origination including IPOs and follow-ons in Southeast Asia across all sectors.
Prepare sales memos, investor trackers, management update materials and case studies    • Engage with institutional investors as well as Sales & Research teams to obtain up-to-date   market and sector insights, sentiment and appetite.
Involve in entire spectrum of deal cycle from pitch phase to final legs of execution,   collaborating closely with multiple teams including Corporate Finance, Syndicate, Sales &.
Attend client meetings and formal pitches with senior team members.
Screen stocks based on share price performance, lock-up expiry, research ratings and other  metrics to identify candidates for primary raise or block trades   • Coach and guide juniors from the support team and interns.
STANDARD CHARTERD Equity Capital Markets, Analyst   Sept 2013 – Feb 2015.
Created pitch books and marketing / execution materials for equity and equity-linked deals   including market outlook, fundraising alternatives, marketing strategy, credentials, precedent  transactions analysis, investor targeting, etc.
Prepared daily and weekly market commentary for internal circulation and for clients   • Built Bloomberg data pull templates; compiled and analyzed comprehensive databases on   markets and precedent transactions.
Worked closely with clients, Corporate Access and Sales on global management roadshows   including creating investor profiles and logistics planning.
RHB|OSK-DMG Institutional Equity Sales, Asst Vice President  Jan 2013 – Sept 2013.
Analyzed markets and companies in Hong Kong/China, Singapore, Malaysia,   Indonesia & Thailand and provided daily stock recommendations for institutional clients.
Monitored, compiled and summarized macro and stock-specific news for investors   • Worked closely with research, investors and corporates to generated ideas to increase   secondary trading flows.
UOB KAYHIAN Institutional Equity Sales/Salestrading, Associate  Jun 2010 – Dec 2012.
Underwent a two-year Institutional Sales Trainee Program with rotation to    Sales, Salestrading and Research desks in the regional offices (Shanghai, HK and SG).
Provided daily email and phone updates to institutional clients on Buy/Sell ideas.
Prepared daily market previews and wraps to summarize key stock highlights.
National University of Singapore, Business School  Jun 2006 – Jun 2010.
Bachelor of Business Administration (First Class Honors), Finance Major.
Elected as Reserve Valedictorian (Salutatorian) for Class of 2010.
Passed Chartered Financial Analyst Level I and II on first attempt.
Scholarships and Awards: 1) CFA Student Scholarship; 2) Institute of Finance &.
Banking Scholarship 2007; 3) NUS Business School Study Award 2008; 4) NUS.
Business School Study Award 2009; 5) Mr & Mrs Wu Jieh Yee Memorial Scholarship 2010.
Fudan University, Shanghai, School of Management  Jul 2008 – Dec 2008.
Awards: 1) Fudan Exchange Students' Award; 2) NASA Award (NUS Awards for Study.
Straight distinctions (Mathematics, Economics, Chemistry).
Awarded the Scholastic Merit Award for academic excellence.
• Proficient in Bloomberg, Dealogic, Factset, Thomson One, Microsoft PowerPoint, Word, and Excel.• Cellular Number: +6590304131  • Email Address: wsystephanie@yahoo.com.
RHB Securities Singapore Pte Ltd  Jun 13 - Present AVP, Institutional Fixed Income Sales.
-Covers Insti & PB clients – Sold new bond issues, crossed trades & moved axes.
-Prepared Daily Commentaries as investment ideas & worked on reverse enquiries.
-Spearheaded the growth of Fixed Income Sales Desk & onboarded accounts.
-Recognised by HQ as major contributor to RHB’s regional FI growth.
-Covered PB & Insti clients - Sold new bond issues & moved traders' axes.
-Priced bonds, performed Relative Value analysis & dealt with CDS.
-Created a model to capture bond and swap spreads to aid relative value analysis.
-Analysed daily hits/misses in trades of Fixed Income (Rates & Credit) market.
-Analysed asset and revenue trends of Citi's Asia Trade Finance Business.
-Managed Asia Network Trade Campaign where revenues grew by US$4 Million.
-Researched on Commodities Flow to identify major global export/import players.
-Picked up essential presentation skills that effectively sell ideas.
-Fluent in English, Mandarin and Cantonese (Spoken & Written).
-Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Bloomberg and Reuters.
-Possess MAS Certified Dealing/Trading Representative - RNF License.
-Studied Portfolio Management, Fixed Income & Derivatives, Investment Analysis.
-GCE ‘A’ Levels, 3 Distinctions in Maths, Chemistry and Biology.
-Guided 50 juniors in their internships, overseas trips and academic lives in NUS.
-Organised Investment & Financial Markets Seminars to enhance awareness.
-Mentored and coached 20 new members to acquire golfing skills.
-Led 40 hall residents in organising annual cultural and potluck gatherings.
-Represented SG in Supermajor - TOTAL's Intl Oil Conference (1 Week) in Paris, where attendees include delegates from Imperial and Cambridge Universities.
-Emerged as a successful Citi Foreign Exchange Challenge Trader.
-Represented NUS in 6mths Associate Credit Analyst Internship at Lenovo, China.
-Member of the prestigious Beta Gamma Sigma International Honour Society.
-Represented SG in Supermajor - TOTAL's Intl Oil Conference (1 Week) in Paris, where attendees include delegates from Imperial and Cambridge Universities.
-Emerged as a successful Citi Foreign Exchange Challenge Trader.
-Represented NUS in 6mths Associate Credit Analyst Internship at Lenovo, China.
-Member of the prestigious Beta Gamma Sigma International Honour Society.Address: Blk 128 Lorong Ah Soo #06-322 S(530128)              Date of Birth: 17/04/1984.
Email Address: Matt_ng84@hotmail.com                Marital Status: Single.
Global Markets Institutional FX Sales, Vice President            Sep 2010 – Present.
Responsible for pricing and advisory of Spot/Forward, Swaps and Non-Deliverable Forwards both G-10 and EM Currencies to clients.
Managed and handled clients from central banks, sovereign wealth funds, non-bank financial institutions across the region.
Treasury solutions advisory including funding underlying investments, portfolio currency risk management, FX execution and liquidity management.
Provided client advisory and cross sell bank solutions to assist clients manage and improve custodial FX workflow to reduce operational risk.
Involved in E-FX solutions: E-FX distribution, marketing of FX algos and cross selling E-platform (FXC/Currenex).
Competent in charting and technical analysis for daily trade idea generation, provided daily and weekly market commentaries.
Organized customized product and FX markets training (FX derivatives, E-FX, accessing Asian restricted markets).
Familiar with various market conventions/regulator guidelines in restricted currency markets.
Managed the onshore SGD forwards exposure and ensured the necessary squaring of deals via money broker and interbank.
Daily position monitoring to ensure FX positions are within tolerance limits, ensured counterparty credit limits are sufficient.
Spearheaded sales initiatives with various internal stakeholders across the bank to build cohesive relationships and indentify new business opportunities with existing and potential clients.
Participated in multiple custodian RFPs, part of deal team to pitch State Street’s FX solutions for clients in Asia.
Involved in discussions for legal/regulatory documentation, new account opening and client on boarding.
Managed daily payments of confirmed Letters of Credit and export collection and ensured that clients are informed of payments.
In charge of providing letters of acceptance and advice for clients in the event of delayed payment and discrepancies in documents.
Provided support and assisted in daily administrative tasks of the import and export department.
Reconciled differences and ensured no discrepancies in the daily export and import payments.
Highlighted any differences in payments to respective staff for clarification with clients.
Supported trading desks by managing brokerage agreements. Liaised with traders and brokers to review and update brokerage rates.
Collaborated closely with different departmental stakeholders to formulate a Business Continuity Plan for.
Assisted in a project aimed at facilitating trading by constructing a platform to compare real time market data from   different brokers.
Conducted due diligence checks on counterparties and clients to ensure banking compliance.
Familiarized the sales team with due diligence procedures when dealing with new clients.
Consolidated the daily Profit & Loss reports of the Asian Branches for management and traders.
Hosted for Singapore to foreign delegates who attended the IMF-World Bank meetings.
Interacted with delegates from various cultures and nationalities and helped resolve various problems experienced by them.
-Bachelor of Business Management (Major in Finance & Marketing).
Accredited with passing the Examination on Treasury Activities (MAS Regulatory Exam).
Competent in Bloomberg, FX connect, FX All, Currenex, Reuters.
Proficient in research databases such as Thomson Reuters, Euromonitor, GMID and IFR Markets   Proficient in Microsoft Office suites and SPSS Statistical Software.Block 89, #10-09, The Estuary, Singapore, 769134 | +65-8220-6019 | ktsubrah@gmail.com.
Awarded Farleigh S. Dickinson Fellowship; a merit-based full academic scholarship.
VP of Finance, Babson Investment Management Association (BIMA).
Institutional Fixed Income Sales coverage of Singapore and SE Asia.
Maintained regular dialogue with buy-side PMs, Analysts and Traders on flows, research and axes for Global Credit and European Rates Products.
Leveraged buy-side relationships to onboard new accounts & deliver strong YoY growth in institutional flow volumes and P&L.
Exceeded aggressive targets in both 2015 and 2016 (2016 Production : EUR 3.5mm).
Close collaboration with Research and Trading to interpret and anticipate client demand and liquidity. Partner with Syndicate to support transactions and build momentum for the Primary Market Franchise.
Nominated: Best Individuals in Asian G3 bonds by investors who took part in The Asset Asian G3 Bond Benchmark Review 2016.
Provided timely and comprehensive research and execution services to Institutional Clients in Singapore.
Leveraged Bernstein’s strength in Fundamental Equity Research to present stock-specific and broader thematic trade ideas tailored to clients’ investment mandates.
On-boarded large local and global Asset Managers and generated $2.3 million of trading commission in first year of production.
Close collaboration with the Analysts to provide bespoke advice and individual dialogues with Senior PMs and Analysts.
Published weekly presentations for over 200 clients in Asia, incorporating the firm’s top recommendations.
Fixed Income sales to Asset Managers, Banks and PBs in Singapore, Hong Kong and Thailand.
Close collaboration with sales team members in Singapore and London to cross bonds in a pure agency environment.
Built my own Institutional client base in Singapore and Hong by cold calling and onboarding new accounts.
Built the Private Bank client base which was previously not covered by anyone at the firm, creating an opportunity to cross bonds between Institutional and Private Bank accounts in a low liquidity environment.
Generated $1.2 million of hard P&L in first full production year, $2.5mm in hard P&L in 2009.
Experience in Asian Credit (IG & HY), Japanese Bank Capital & US Financials.
Joined as trainee in Financial Sales program and first among peers to be promoted to Sales Rep (after 6 months).
Directly managed key relationships with top tier sell side accounts and grew installed terminal base by 15%.
Worked closely with product specialists to cross-sell Bloomberg’s trading systems to existing clients and prospects.
Interests- Travel, Reading, Personal Investing, Squash, Muay Thai & MMA.Professional Experience_________________________________________ __.
Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ, Director, Team Leader, Hong Kong & Southern China.
Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ, Senior Associate, Investment Banking & Private Equity.
University Of Sydney, Tutor, International Risk Management.
Education__________________________________________________.
Sydney, Australia University of Sydney Business School, Master of Commerce & Master of International.
Orange, California Argyros School of Business and Economics, Bachelor of Science in Business Administration.
June 2004 Distinctions: Provost Scholar, Gamma Beta Phi Honor Society, Beta Gamma Sigma Business Honor Society, Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honor Society.
Additional Information _________________________________________.
Work directly with clients to identify business needs and develop creative roadmaps using S&P’s product suite including Capital IQ (‘CIQ’) & Ratings Direct (‘RD’).
Facilitate end-user training by supporting CIQ applications; specifically creating financial models for comparable analyses and utilizing screening tools for investment originations.
Managed the investment banking & private equity relationships in Australia – generating revenue of $775K in 2015 and $560K in 2014.
Coordinated Morgan Stanley’s Investment Banking Division integration from Factset Research Systems to CIQ.
Assisted in contract negotiations with Deutsche Bank and successfully converted 50 new user accounts in Hong Kong – generating revenue of $160K.
Provided support and consultation to existing key accounts throughout the research and analysis process.
Coordinated with the product development team to create new functionalities on the CIQ platform and Office plug-in.
Prepared and moderated class discussions on case studies focused on corporate risk management.
Mentored postgraduate teams on group projects and individual assignments.
Prepared quarterly forecasts and produced variance reports explaining deviations between projections and actual performance.
Compiled performance summaries outlining strategic outlook and key drivers for market growth.
Assisted senior team members in obtaining and reviewing marketing materials to understand investment strategies and performance of investment managers.
Reviewed private quarterly financial reports on the underlying portfolio companies of 40 private equity funds.
Analyzed private equity industry trends and changing characteristics of clients’ portfolios and created ad hoc reports for investor presentations.
Supported two internal client relationships by preparing quarterly portfolio summaries for the New York City Retirement Systems and Alternative Investment Capital (Japan).
S&P’s Product Suite – Capital IQ & Ratings Direct, Bloomberg.
Basic Financial Modeling, Comparable Company & Precedent Transactions Analysis.
Fluent in English and Chinese (Cantonese); Beginner (Mandarin).
United States Citizen, Australian Skilled Graduate 485 Visa Holder.Chief Financial Officer– Investment and Business Development Director.
10+ years of experience in delivering optimal results and business value in high growth environments.
Expertise in leading & development of businesses, Devise financial and business initiatives , Leading enterprise to accelerate breakeven, Fostering customer & vendor Relationships and ignite teams & operations.
Self motivated P&L leader with proven success in transitioning conventional and unconventional strategies into tactical action plans that maximized revenue growth and business development. Collaboratively work with internal and external stakeholders. Craft entrepreneurial market approaches and implement strategies that enable rapid growth. Highly experienced in identifying and analyzing investment opportunities and handling major financial functions.
Successfully meeting diverse challenges including immediate short & long term capability building. Rich experience in reorganizing, streamlining and strengthening operations. Passionate team leader delivering results with cross functional teams. Effectively coaching, engaging and mentoring team members while keeping in mind both actions and results.
Head of Investment and Business Development Department for one of the Qatari Group of Companies (ASGC). Ensured the Group has successfully established the Pharmaceutical factory specialized in producing generic human medicines, also leading other opportunity of building a complete factory for producing different building cabins and fast building techniques, in addition to other opportunities in the food and agriculture sector mainly in Africa (Sudan and Ethiopia).
Worked extensively as CFO for Kuwait Finance & Investment Company. Managed critical corporate liquidity and liability/asset ratio issues to effectively position the business for success in the midst of the worldwide financial decline.
Managed a large finance team as head of Kuwait Finance’s corporate treasury function in all financial reporting, planning, and analysis, account operations, settlements, and new business development efforts.
Successfully performed comprehensive analysis and monitored wide-ranging corporate and market financial information as Finance Manager of Kuwait Finance House “Bayt Al Mal Investment Company”  to offer in-depth insight and recommendations to senior management for long and short-term business planning.
Due diligence leader for 2 major acquisitions during my employment at “Kuwait Finance House”.
Leaded audit team of 10 members as a Senior Auditor for Big 4 firm “Ernst & Young”. Also, started my career path as an Associate Accountant in PricewaterhouseCoopers “PwC”.
Fawaz Refrigration & Air Conditioning Contracting Company , Saudi, Bahrain, UAE.
Fawaz Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Company was incorporated in 1973 as an Electro-Mechanical Contracting Company in Fawaz Group has three main lines of business - Contracting, Trading & Facilities Management; Fawaz Group today proudly boasts as a multi-national company with footprints across GCC countries namely Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, Yemen, Oman and Iraq; Fawaz Group UAE is engaged in Supply, Installation, Operation, Servicing & Maintenance of HVAC Systems, Precision Air-Conditioning, Plumbing & Fire Fighting Systems, Electrical & Fire Alarm Systems, Intelligent Building Systems & Integrated Facility Management Services. Additionally Fawaz carries out Manufacturing, Supply & Installation of HVAC Air Ducts & Accessories and also HVAC Pipeworks & Accessories. Fawaz also provides Work shop services for Steel Fabrication, Repairing, Overhauling, Servicing of Compressors, Motors, Rotary Equipment, Project Equipment & Engineering products and is also specialized in Trading of Engineering Products.
Main accountabilities includes but not limited to the following:.
Responsible about Finance ; HR & Admin ; IT and Supply chain for the whole group of companies which conists of more than 7 operating companies.
Demonstartes a highly successful record in the achievement of profitable business growth.
Setting financial strategy, budgeting and forecasting. Providing the financial input to the overall management of the firm.
Responsibility for integrity of entire financial process, including the accuracy of external financial statements.
Management oversight of all aspects of corporate accounting systems, internal controls and reports. Taking responsibility for accurate monthly group management accounts, oversight of the annual audit process and stewardship of the firm’s control systems.
Oversight of Treasury functions; Ensuring that all banking arrangements and fund transfer processes are adequately managed and controlled, and that cash flow is managed efficiently.
Development of monthly management reporting and including financials, and KPIs.
Ensuring that the system of internal controls is adequate to protect the company and provides reasonable assurance that the financial records are reliable for preparation of financial statements.
Internal Process Improvement: Define and implement process improvements.  This will involve ensuring the adequacy of internal controls, proposing process improvements, championing those changes within the organization and ensuring adherence with the new processes on an ongoing basis.
Responsible for development and compliance with policies, procedures of internal controls to protect the company - the scope is extended to all areas related to financial matter of the Company.
Responsible for preparing and executing of business strategy and plans set by CEO for the Finance and Fund Operations teams.
Develop; provide commercial/financial insight and analysis to support CEO and other senior manager to achieve corporate goals.
ASGC Group – Private equity conglomerate with a presence in Qatar, UAE and Africa - Head Office in Doha.
Job Title:             Group Investment & Business development Director.
Leading the group’s financial & Investments portfolio across different sectors including agriculture, commodities and luxury goods, real estate development, landscape & contracting and pharmaceutical manufacturing.
Main accountabilities includes but not limited to the following:.
Evaluating the overall structure of the group & providing the best efficient structure that maximize the shareholders’ value and establish a solid foundation for growth.
Planning and implementing investment strategies for the parent company as well as its subsidiary ventures & ensuring optimal allocation of group’s resources.
Performing continuous global research for new investment opportunities.
Conducting financial and marketing feasibility studies & analysis for the potential business opportunities gaps.
Formulating and implementing strategies to increase joint venture partnership by identifying the key partners with major contribution for the opprotuinty.
Prepare investment proposals & C-level presentations to investment committee to meet the group’s pre-approval investment strategy.
Developed and implemented valuation models in order to report accurate Investment planning information with respect to its assessment well as maximizing the value of the acquired assets.
Prepare full investment advice reports and investment assessment sheets for all current and potential investment opportunities or projects.
Perform trend analysis for the internal & external competitors as well as search for cost control opportunities and devised robust risk management and mitigation strategies.
Effectively communicated and managed the branding of corporate, segment & business unit.
Managing an array of activities including business development functions at the corporate, segment & business unit level.
Handled several activities including appraising of potential investments, due diligence, budget simulation and financial structuring of companies and valuation.
Monitoring existing investments to substantiate its long-term value and consistent with the group’s investment guidelines.
Supervising group’s portfolio and asset management during the term of the investment.
Liaised with governmental, legal and private tendering authorities to manage all negotiations and related activity necessary to acquisitions and/or loan transaction.
* KFIC is an Investment Company providing Financial & Investment services.
*Total current capital of KWD 41.9 M, the equivalent of USD 154.7M (as of 9th April 2008).
leadership the finance team of  37 employees in  overseeing of the corporate treasury function and all financial reporting, planning, analysis, account operations, settlements and new business development efforts.
Played a principal role in providing strategic leadership role in aligning the corporate financial position and determining the impact of new opportunities and initiatives.
Successfully enhanced critical liquidity and liability/asset ratio issues. Increased liquidity by 1000% to $70 Million.
Negotiated and conducted the restructuring and financing of more than $500 million in short-term debt to achieve renewed financial stability and solvency.
Actively involved in extensive discussions and review activities by more than 22 Banks and financial institutions (local and International) including all major banks in Kuwait (National Bank Of Kuwait, Ahli United Bank, Kuwait Finance House, Gulf Bank, Ahli Bank and other banks and financial institutions).
Restructured and converted short term debt of KIFC into long term debt within a span of 5 years with capital increase required to meet the central bank requirements.
Ranked the best realistic restructure deal in 2010 since it was based on the company’s projected cash flow and conservative re-payment programme with a close monitoring of the company’s balance sheet and covenant’s ratios, and the repayments was based on exit of certain assets, capital increase and cash flow generation from the company’s ongoing business.
Successfully positioned the business to absorb new market realities following worldwide financial decline, strategized and led the execution of a reduced investment position to minimise risks while optimising returns.
Augmented overall revenues by 15% in 2008 and lead 2 key acquisitions that delivered sustainable revenue and cash flow streams to the group.
Provided strategic direction and insights to KFIC in order to control costs and also provided analytical insights on financial impact and soundness of business decisions to the top management in addition to providing key inputs regarding the ideal capital structure to be adopted.
Managed capital raising and restructuring initiatives and determined the funding pool, high level risk management policies and cost allocation methodologies.
Acting as Treasury Manager for the company’s funding, cash operations, foreign exchange, risk management, dividend policy and other relevant aspects of corporate finance.
Successfully increased the internal financial controls by implementing a broad upgrade for all accounting, MIS, portfolio management and loan IT systems.
Successfully restructured more than USD 500 million debt and bonds for over 5 years repayment program with more than 22 local and international banks including NBK, Gulf Bank , KFH, NBAD, AUB and Ah.
It was ranked the best realistic restructure deal in 2010, and the repayments were based on exit of certain assets, capital increase and cash flow generation from the company’s ongoing business.
Increased overall revenues by 15% in 2008 and lead  2 key acquisitions that delivered sustainable revenue and cash flow streams.
Leading the finance team in conducting comprehensive financial analysis and monitored wide-ranging of corporate financial information to provide in-depth vision and recommendations to senior management serving both long and short-term business planning purposes.
Performed financial analysis and interpretation of results in addition to providing support and preparing regular management information reports to board of directors.
Handled due diligence process for 2 major acquisitions opportunities & provided the group’s BOD with sound recommendations which then approved & resulted in delivering new revenues and cash flow streams.
Successfully managed the financial reporting of the group as well as evaluated various investment opportunities in compliance with CBK and regulators.
Reviewed and analyzed budget preparation processes and forecasts to support the strategic planning and budgeting process.
Closely monitored internal controls for the group & identified control deficiencies or material weaknesses in controls.
Managed successfully the financial reporting process of the group for external reporting and audit review.
Analyzed market dynamics and its impact on business development well as forecasting their effect’s on future trends and expected budgets.
Pursued the source of debit finance with local lenders as well as preparing cash flow and feasibility studies for the projects.
Responsible for the accuracy, integrity and regulatory compliance of internal accounting, budgeting and forecasting.
Leaded a team of 10 auditors through end-to-end audit engagements cycle initially from Audit planning, managing till the final completion stage of communicating the audit results with the client.
Mentored audit staff to ensure complete adherence to best industry practice and corporate audit standards.
Review with the engagement partners any critical area or significant findings that raise questions involving accounting principles, auditing standards, tax regulations and firm policies.
Monitor each engagement within the portfolio under my management to ensure that work is proceeding on schedule.
Preparation of separate and consolidated financial statements for statutory and reporting purposes.
Performing fundamental audit procedures and analytical reviews.
Liaised with finance, operations, and IT resources to develop comprehensive client solutions based on audit recommendations.
Developed & maintained the highest levels of client satisfaction to facilitate the completion of engagements as well as identifying potential opportunities to provide additional services to client.
Conducted Financial Accounting courses in specialised industries such as Islamic banking, financial instruments, and Oil &Gas.
Coach, supervise and conduct performance review feedback for the team to help the development of their skills and competences.
Banking and investment: Central Bank of Kuwait , International Leasing and Investment Company.
Trading and services: Laneville General Trading & Contracting.
Reviewing & recording of all bank and cash transactions occurred during the month.
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Candidate for Examination Level 3.
Certified Merger and Acquisition Advisor (CMAA) from Alliance of Merger and Acquisition Advisors, USA -2012.
Chartered Wealth Manager (CWM) from International Financial Management Academy, USA -2011.
Certified Operational Risk Professional (CORP), International Academy of Financial Management.
Certified Public Accountant (CPA), American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), 2007.
Bachelor of Commerce & Business Administration, English Section, ZU- Egypt 2003.
Merger & Acquisitions, Corporate Strategies & Private Equities.
Excellent Microsoft application “Word, Advanced Excel, Power Point & Internet”.
Language: English.     Level: Excellent, both spoken & written.Dubai / New York|+971 529 776968, +971 564 885 856  Arun.kr1@outlook.com.
An accomplished investment and strategy professional with over 13 years of experience in emerging markets (US, India, Middle East, Africa and Latin America) coupled with Wall Street exposure across industries.
Currently working on buy-side & capital raising transactions in the chemicals, metal, agriculture, fund of funds, fintech, power industries etc.
Preparing detailed financial models including merger and acquisition models and leveraged buyout models.
Valuing entities using discounted cash flow, comparable analysis, precedent transactions and other various valuation methodologies.
Creating various investment memorandums presenting opportunities to potential investor and clients.
Buy-side M&A for US$50mn acquisition of US based NASDAQ listed technology company by a private Chinese consortium (Closed).
Built financial models projecting company’s income statement, cash flow statement, and balance sheet as well as depreciation and working capital schedules.
Conducted valuation analyses, including analyzing comparable companies, precedent transactions and building discounted cash flow models: analysis resulted in valuation between US$39mn - $42mn. US$3.5B targeted LBO global consumer branded food company (In process).
Attended meetings with potential investors to complete the consortium to acquire target.
Conducted research on industry, competitors, expected synergies, and historical prices per ton.
Base case returns analysis yielded 21.4% IRR based on 12x EBITDA purchase multiple.
Leading the project advisory and M&A services across infrastructure and agriculture in Sub-Saharan Africa with a team of 5 members and direct reporting to the CEO and Chairman.
Debt syndication for sugar project in Tanzania (US$350mn) and an Airport project (>US$500mn).
Built the full scale the projects financial model and present the proposals to regional and global financial investors.
Equity and Debt funding for US$50mn, real estate investment opportunities in Mozambique.
Built the financial model under multiple capital structures, sensitivity analysis to show the impact of scenarios.
Executed infrastructure advisory projects for Governments of Ivory Coast, Tanzania, Mozambique and Rwanda.
Received international recognition on advisoring the World Economic Forum for the Program for Infrastructure Development in Africa projects over US$1,500mn.
Assistant Vice President (Corporate Finance – Infrastructure Business).
Lead a team of 3 managers for infrastructure projects funding including the origination, credit and risk assessment, disburment and portfolio management. Sector includes power generation, port, road, real estate and logistics.
Quasi equity projects funding of over US$ 50mn and debt disbursal of over US$ 110mn (Close).
Built the independent projects financial model and integrated to the holding companies under multiple capital structures, running sensitivity analysis to show the impact of various macroeconomic conditions.
Presented the proposals to the credit committee and board members.
Facilitated net interest margins of over 6% across all completed transactions and championed the sanctioning of deals greater than US$300M.
Responsible to build the corporate investment strategy and drive the investment process from buy side in local infrastructure.
Acquisition of power project worth US$ 600mn and US$ 500mn of road project in India.
Prepared detailed financial models using discounted cash flow, and including the comparable analyses.
Lead due diligence process of the projects through independent experts and presented the final proposals to board.
Responsible to prepare the business strategy, its execution and conduct the projects commercial and financial due diligence on the targeted infrastructure investment opportunities in public private partnership (PPP) and others.
Built the financial models for the IPO pitch including DCF, precedent transactions and comparable valuation.
Prepared materials for equity offering and investors presentations, confidential selling memorandums, and internal presentations.
Built projects portfolio of over US$ 12,000mn (26,000 MW): revenue generation from zero to over US$ 1,100mn.
Prepared the project competitive bidding financial models across conventional and renewable sector (wind, hydro & solar) including airport, road, port, freeway sea link and real estate.
Conducted financial analysis using DCF, precedent transactions and comparable companies analyses.
Performed in-depth industry trends, competition, & potential strategic partners.
LifeScan: Johnson & Johnson Medical (India), Mumbai – India  5/2004 - 9/2006.
Spearheaded 6 members team and transformed an underperforming sales territory into one of the most successful in India, with improved channel management, customer service and brand recognition facilitating annual sales growth of >50%.
Recognized with rapid promotion to Territory Manager and awards as the 2005 Best Debutante, 2006 National Super Sales Achiever and membership of the Fastest Runner Club.
PRIOR POSITION: Early career experience gained as Sales Associate with Reliance Communication 2002-2004.
Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical) - Maharishi Dayanad University, India – 1996-2000.
Post Graduate Certificate in Business Management - XLRI, Jamshedpur, India, 2007.
New York University, USA - Private Equity & Institutional Real Estate Finance 2016.
CONTRIBUTED TO PUBLICATION ON AFRICAN INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT;.
Project Overview Accelerating Infrastructure Development in Africa; Jun2015.
African Strategic Infrastructure Initiative (ASII) Managing Transnational Infrastructure Programmes in Africa.
Industry Partnership Meeting for Infrastructure & Urban Development Industries - ASII - May 2014:.
ASII - A Principled Approach to Infrastructure Project Preparation Facilities.
Investing, reading on Emenrging Markets, Infrastructure Finance, Strategy, Business Models etc.Working within the global sales team, my primary focus during the previous three years has been split between global consultant relations whilst developing coverage of UK & Middle Eastern relationships. AuM via the consultant led channel increased from circa $3bn to over $14bn during my time to represent ~25% of firm-wide AuM.
Covering the full spectrum of fixed income sub-asset classes across both long-only and long-short mandates: HY, Distressed, Event Driven, Loans, IG Corporates / Sovereigns, EMD Sovereign (Hard & Local currency), EM Corporates (Hard & Local currency), Convertible Debt, Global Macro & Multi-Asset Credit.
September 2015 – May 2016: Associate Director, Consultant Relations.
Deputy to Head of Global Consultants, co-lead on tier one global consultants (Towers Watson, Mercer, Aon Hewitt, Cambridge Associates & Russell Investments) and lead on UK focused/tier two consultants.
Building & maintaining relationships with senior decision makers to ensure maintenance of buy ratings across our platform and pushing for new buy ratings where applicable.
Global coverage, including UK, USA, Singapore and Continental Europe.
Acted as central point of contact for global consultants and disseminated feedback to other teams globally, monitoring activity on key strategies.
Worked closely with senior PM’s and Institutional Portfolio Managers, preparing them prior to research meetings/pitches, directing on changes to positioning as appropriate.
Identifying cross-selling opportunities/opportunities to move clients into mutually beneficial strategies.
June 13 – September 15: Sales Relationship Manager – UK, Middle East & Consultant Relations.
Coordinating business development efforts to enhance and sustain on-going sales, servicing and overall support for clients and prospects, primarily private banks, wealth manager, multi-managers and investment consultant.
Number two on global consultant relations, managing relationships across the Asia, the UK, USA and Europe. Raised $7.2bn in net sales in 2014 via consultant channel.
Sales / relationship manager for distribution and financial institution clients (private banks/wealth managers etc) across the UK & Middle East with a specific focus on the Israeli market.
Research and production of market, client and prospect intelligence to enhance to sales/relationship management process.
Production of pitch books and marketing materials to be used in meetings and educational sessions with prospects.
Proactively identifying cross-selling opportunities, sourcing demand, ensuring communication of potential opportunities across the team in order to develop and improve the view of investor trends.
Producing comprehensive proposals for potential mandates on behalf of the global sales team and managing the submission process in its entirety.
Responding to requests from investment consultants and the wider investment community.
Acting as product specialist to provide strategy specific knowledge to the sales and CRM teams.
Interacting with department heads to ensure content is accurate and best reflects our processes and procedures.
Covering pan-European long-short equity mandates and long-only UK equity mandates for a European client base. SVM was one of the first hedge fund managers in Europe, managing long-short strategies since 1992.
Responsible for sales/marketing/CRM support to the Head of Institutional Clients & Hedge Fund Sales.
Developed knowledge of the firm’s approach to managing long/short and long-only European equity portfolios.
Supported a number of European investor relationships through monthly / quarterly update calls, portfolio reviews and onsite meetings.
Identified and prospected relationships with potential investors.
Provided management with information on investor demand and feedback contributing to business development ideas.
2017: Level II candidate in the Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst program (March 2017).
2003 – 2007: BA (Hons) Accounting and Financial Analysis, The University of Newcastle upon Tyne 2.1.
1998 – 2003: George Watson’s College, Colinton Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK.2007-2009 National Chiao Tung University, Hsinchu, Taiwan (R.O.C), Graduate.
Institute of Finance, Master of Science (MSc), Financial Engineering and General Finance, within top 10%.
  Huang (2009) “White Knights, Hostile Takeovers and Shareholders’ Interests”,.
National Chiao Tung University Master Degree Thesis (in English).
(This paper won 2009 Master's Thesis Award in Taiwan, being published on National Taiwan University Management Review).
2003-2007 National Central University, Taoyuan, Taiwan (R.O.C), Bachelor of.
Business Administration (BBA), Major in Finance, within top 10%.
2003-2007 National Central University, Taoyuan, Taiwan (R.O.C), Bachelor of.
Business Administration (BBA), Accounting Professional Courses, within top 10%.
Responsibilities: Institutional business facilitation for government reserve funds, sovereign wealth funds, public / private pension funds, public / private organizations, insurers, asset managers, private banks, family offices, endowments and corporates in South East Asia, Hong Kong and Taiwan, covering asset management strategies including Equity, Fixed Income, Alternatives, etc.    Prospect Deals and Serviced Client Base –.
Have cultivated 26 new potential deals for MUFG Singapore Investment Management Client Relation Team since employed. There had been 2 potential deals with the team before joined.
Client relationship manager for institutional clients (e.g. government reserve funds, sovereign wealth funds, public / private pension funds, public / private organizations, insurers, asset managers, private banks, family offices, endowments and corporates) in South East Asia, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Maintain frequent contact with prospects for new business opportunities.
Responsible for business development and execution of sales strategy.
Develop internal relationships with portfolio managers, product specialists and other areas to enhance delivery of our products to clients.
Responsibilities: Institutional business facilitation for government / private pension funds, insurance companies and asset managers in Taiwan, covering asset management strategies including Equity, Fixed Income, Alternatives, Real Estate, etc.
Client base – Approx. USD 2.2billion AUM from government / private pension funds, insurance companies and asset managers. The AUM had been more than doubled during employed period.
Government pension funds (Bureau of Labor Funds, Public Service Pension Fund, Bank of Taiwan, etc.) and insurance companies’ offshore segregated account mandate business pitching.
Offshore onsite visit with government pension funds clients at least twice every year.
Conducting discussion with overseas investment centers for client investment plan and strategy.
Updating investment strategy and corresponding market outlook for clients on a regular or ad hoc basis.
Delivering oral translation during client meetings with overseas investment managers.
Client service (ex. Regular and ad hoc information providing by communicating with investment teams and clients).
Government / private pension funds, insurance companies and asset managers’ mutual fund, ETF and private fund businesses pitching.
Regular and ad hoc visit with government / private pension funds, insurance companies and asset managers to explore new mutual fund, ETF and private fund business opportunities.
Conducting discussion with overseas investment centers for client investment plan and strategy.
Updating product information, investment strategy and corresponding market outlook for clients on a regular or ad hoc basis.
Delivering oral translation during client meetings with overseas investment managers.
Client service (ex. Regular and ad hoc information providing by communicating with investment team and clients).
-  Advisory mandate business facilitation as well as ensuring the workflow between investment centers, local service team and local asset manager clients.
  Successfully led the IPO launch of CTBC Asia Pacific Multi Income Fund for.
CTBC Investments in 2015 by customizing its need based on original Invesco Asia Balanced Strategy. The AUM obtained from the IPO is approx.
Responsibilities: Investment communication of fixed income and equity fund products for external (institutional and retail clients) and internal (institutional and retail sales) parties.
Responsible for both fixed income and equity mutual fund products.
Discussing with offshore fund managers about investment strategy for external and internal communication purposes.
Preparing marketing materials of fund investment recommendations.
Product developments based on profound understanding of market demands by external parties visiting.
Supporting overseas investment seminar presentation by oral translation between Mandarin Chinese and English.
Joint-visit with sales team for meeting institutional investors, such as insurance companies, FoF managers, etc.
Responsibilities: Overseas macroeconomics research and equity investment.
Conducting macro analysis and equity research and providing research results.
2011.12 Financial Risk Manager (FRM®), Global Association of Risk Professionals.
2006.09 Securities Investment and Consulting Specialist (Taiwan).
2006.08 Bank Internal Control and Audit Specialist (Taiwan).
Language: Mandarin Chinese, English (TOEIC score: 905), Japanese (Elementary), Bahasa Indonesia (Basic).
Software/Database: Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters, Morningstar, Lipper, Microsoft Office, etc.I am a senior sales professional with 7 years of experience in exceeding sales targets and managing key clientele. My expertise includes new business generation, key account management, strategic planning for growth and conceptualizing/ executing marketing campaigns.
An articulate and influential presenter with a consultative selling style, I am passionate about problem solving for clients and championing business growth.
Strategic sales planning and management and marketing campaigns.
Managing a USD$2.4 million client portfolio of financial institutions, banks, asset managers, exchanges and brokers. Addressing companies’ information services requirements in areas of risk & compliance, premium business content and real-time newswires.
Billed USD$343k (115%) in recurring revenue in FY16, including 21 new-to-business customers.
Mentored 3 new team members and won the Dow Jones One Award in FY16.
Managed channel partnerships with the Association of Independent Asset Managers (AIAM), Singapore Venture Capital And Private Equity Association (SVCA) and the Singapore Trust Association (STA).
Responsible for selling project-based solutions to leading oil and gas and process management companies. Revamped and established marketing strategies for Control Automation. Prepared P&L and costing budgets by schedule planning and consulting with engineers.
Sold project-based solutions ranging from $50k to $200k to major clients like PSTC, Vietsopetro, Petronas, Flowserve, Honeywell, Yokogawa and Emerson.
Revamped and established marketing strategies for Control Automation.
Exceeded advertising sales targets selling to private equity and asset managers, banks, property developers, international legal and tax firms and property consultants.
Increased conference sponsorship revenue by 18% year-on-year from 2010 to 2011.
Acquired new clients like Bank of China, GLL Real Estate Partners, Savills, CBRE.
University College Dublin, National University of Ireland     2005 – 2008.
Football, Trail and Hill Running, Cycling and Texas Hold’ Em Poker.Finance professional integrated with entrepreneurial problem solving skills.
Institutional sales experience with product knowledge and investment experience.
Global citizen: UK permanent resident, Singaporean permanent resident, Indian OCI and Thai national.
Proficient in the Microsoft Office product suite, Bloomberg, Lipper, Morningstar, amongst other 3rd party institutional sales platforms.
Manage regional product relationships to assist with local offices product plans - successfully project managed the creation of a landmark product in Indonesia in 2016.
Provide ongoing product support for Sales/Marketing departments in Asia and Europe.
Liaise with 3rd party information providers to maintain up to date investment product information.
Research and produce competitor analysis to assist regional and local offices sustain competitive advantage.
Produce adhoc business presentations/reports to help assist Sales departments.
Junior Director, Imports/Exports Wholesale Trading                                Sept 2010 – Nov 2012.
Managed and facilitated discussions with key internal stakeholders to ensure that short and long term business strategies/goals were achieved.
Developed marketing and sales initiatives through various channels.
Key relationships formed/maintained with external stakeholders.
Sourced and negotiated with a variety of suppliers to ensure our product quality standards.
Revamped accounting procedures by reorganizing methods to create efficient business reporting.
Upgraded inventory methods to electronic means to create instant feedback for clients.
Prudential Asset Management (Singapore) Limited                  Singapore Institutional Sales Support, Institutional Business              Oct 2008 – Aug 2010.
Created, developed and managed RFI/RFP’s and presentation material.
Prepared information and materials for implementing a strategic framework to assist the institutional sales directors tap into global opportunities.
Developed and maintained investment consultants’ databases that supported and pitched specific products to potential institutional clients.
Compiled and distributed regular periodic reports to existing institutional clients.
Maintained and controlled a database of client enquiries and executed their timely resolution.
Prudential Asset Management (Singapore) Limited                        Singapore   Research Analyst, Equity Investments                                       Oct 2007 – Oct 2008.
Conducted primary macro & micro (top-down equity) research in the Middle East (G.C.C.) region.
Placed and executed exchange traded equity orders for Prudential managed funds through Prudential’s trading system and CRTS system.
Interacted and coordinated with brokers to place exchange traded orders.
Provided daily morning updates on global financial news for selected internal stakeholders.
With guidance, developed portfolio management skills and investment knowledge.
High School Diploma (International Baccalaureate Qualification)              1993 – 2004.Currently as institutional sales support in Aviva Investors, I’m part of the institutional sales team that is responsible for the asset management company’s business development activities across Asia. I work closely with various asset class specialists within Aviva Investors to ensure timely response to clients’ and prospects’ queries.
Prior to joining Aviva Investors, I worked at the Ministry of Defence of Singapore, where I was an Investment Analyst within the Pension Fund’s investment team. In this role, I was responsible for researching and identifying best of breed global investment managers for the Military’s pension programme. I was also responsible for the measurement, monitoring and reporting of the fund’s performance to the Board of Trustees. Prior to this, I worked in KPMG LLP as an Audit Associate in Singapore.
Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University.
Obtained Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services (CMFAS) License in January 2015.
Passed CMFAS Examinations Module 3, 5 and 8A (exempted from Module 6).
Business Development Associate | Aviva Investors | Singapore.
Awarded outstanding employee award in 2015 for demonstrating Aviva corporate values.
Ongoing support to APAC Head of Business Development on strategic partnership discussion with Japanese prospects for distribution of liquid solutions (Fixed Income and liquid alternatives) and illiquid solutions (ranging from infrastructure, real estate and private loan investments).
Contributed to the product development of Asian Investment Grade Bond Fund by performing fees and performance comparison among key competitors.
Conducted product trainings to local independent financial advisors for our Aviva Investors flagship funds, the Multi-strategy (AIMS) range of funds.
Contributed to the implementation of Salesforce CRM platform in Singapore and facilitated training for local users.
Provided sales support for our Taiwan Master Agent for a period of 6 months while I covered the duties of an outgoing colleague.
Guided three marketing interns to support compliance clearance for sales and marketing materials before sending to clients and prospects.
As part of APAC business development team, I provide overall sales support coverage for new business opportunities in Asia (with a focus on Japan, Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand, Malaysia and the Middle East).
Work closely with London-based investment specialists to answer clients’ and prospects’ queries.
Support institutional business development in hunting new prospects and monitoring key Asian markets & client’s development.
Carry out research on key institutional investors’ (SWFs, Pensions, central banks, and government entities) existing managers and peer group comparison against our flagship products using Bloomberg and Morningstar platforms. I propose potential opportunities to the team and reach out to them appropriately. I also research and monitor key Asian markets development and help identify current client and market trends / opportunities.
Collaborate with Asia marketing team to support and organize institutional client events and roadshows for institutional clients from the region. I provide inputs in terms of product, market and client knowledge so that marketing effort can be focused and targeted.
Assist in the preparation and production of relevant client materials, including sales presentation, pitch book, RFP, due diligence materials, regular product and performance update and ad hoc market update. I am responsible for sending out relevant Aviva Investors publications, market news & articles produced by Marketing and Investment Communications to clients and prospects as appropriate. To do this, I strive to know the clients well through research and participate in meetings with sales heads. I keep myself up to date on their investment challenges and objectives.
Work closely with global RFP team and leveraging internal partners (ranging from finance, operation, compliance, legal, product specialists) to complete comprehensive responses to RFPs/ RFIs/ DDQs.
Assist in management reporting and communication of sales’ progress to management as well as updating of meeting and call notes, pipelines and contact information onto our CRM platform, SalesForce.com.
Provide wholesales sales support to Head of Financial Institutions, Asia such as conducting product trainings to IFAs and follow up with clients’ queries (for both product and operational queries).
Collaborate with product development team in London to launch and register new funds/share classes in Singapore, Taiwan, Australia and UAE.
Work closely with global and local compliance managers and respective marketing teams to ensure that all materials sent out are compliant with local regulations.
Investment Associate | SAVER-Premium Fund, Ministry of Defence | Singapore.
Part of the investment team that managed a defined contribution pension program for MINDEF, Singapore.
Responsible for identifying, sourcing, hiring, monitoring and developing relationships with best of breed global investment managers.
Participated in external fund managers due diligence in UK and US.
Responsible for performing quantitative and qualitative analyses for a wide range of funds across different asset classes.
Responsible for performance and risk analytics and reporting at the pension plan, asset class and manager level.
Participated in strategy level analysis for strategic and tactical asset allocation and presenting investment strategies to the Board of  Trustees.
Conducted research works to identify new investment themes and presenting findings to management.
Involved in investment operation such as settlement of investment trades, transition management, procurement, valuation, fund accounting and compliance reporting.
Exposed to a wide range of investment products and solutions built from an established contact with a wide range of investment managers and financial institutions.
Supported in managing relationships with stakeholders such as the Board of Trustees, external and internal auditors, fund managers, custodial bank, investment  consultants,  procurement  agency,  legal  counsels,  fund administrators and other government agencies.
Proficient in Microsoft office, Morningstar, Bloomberg and SalesForce.Winner of the Cinven-LBS Private Equity Case Competition 2017, representing LBS.
Winner of the Wharton Buyout Case Competition 2017, representing LBS.
Top five ranker of all Singapore in SAXO-CFAS Portfolio Competition 2011 – Outperformed the MSCI World Index by 50% over 6-month investment period (Jul - Dec 2011).
Project Leader of Cargill Dragon Boat Challenge 2014 – Led a team of five in organizing a dragon boat race for Cargill Singapore with 100 voluntary participants.
President of LBS Badminton Club (2016), VP of NTU Guitar Club (2006 - 2009).
LANGUAGES  Fluent English, Native Indonesian, Basic Mandarin NATIONALITY  Indonesian (Singapore Permanent Resident).
Bachelor of Business, 1st Major: Banking & Finance, 2nd Major: Economics.
Completed double major (Hons, GPA 4.4/5.0) in three years of study instead of four.
(Formerly BLACK RIVER ASSET MANAGEMENT, the investment arm of Cargill Inc) Private Equity Associate.
Closed four transactions and analyzed numerous potential opportunities within food/agriculture sector across Southeast Asia, Australia, and New Zealand.
$250m IPO of Bangkok Ranch Plc (BR:TB), the largest duck business in Southeast Asia.
– Collaborated with management team in identifying expansion opportunities into Vietnam,.
Indonesia, and China. Netted 39% IRR at IPO o $100m acquisition of one of the largest integrated dairy businesses in Southeast Asia, which has Starbucks as one of its main customers – Built a share-swap model, conducted full-fledged due diligence, prepared and presented investment memo.
$40m follow-on funding into one of the top five largest dairy farms in China – Teamed up with management in creating vertical/horizontal expansion strategy, exploring potential partnership with Abbott and Danone. Structured an equity put option as an exit strategy.
Potential $100m buyout of a prominent food logistic company in Australia – Conducted due diligence, built an LBO model with multiple bolt-on M&A targets.
Potential $100m greenfield dairy project in Indonesia in collaboration with Nestle –.
Analyzed deal feasibility, presented the investment idea to the board of Nestle Indonesia o Potential $50-80m convertible investment into a leading poultry player in Indonesia – Participated in deal structure and valuation negotiation with the CEO and CFO.
Evaluated various distressed credit opportunities in the coal, metal & mining, agriculture, and property sectors during secondment in Black River’s hedge fund team.
Engaged in FX trading with value in excess of $300m per month on behalf of Cargill.
Managed corporate funding and inter-company loans with aggregate value in excess of $1b.
Sought an internal transfer to Black River Asset Management, Cargill’s investment arm.
Established trading relationship with various institutional fund managers (long-only funds, hedge funds, and sovereign funds) through networkings and cold calls.
Generated differentiated small cap and long-short investment ideas.
Managed to cover six markets across Asia despite having only three years of experience.To contribute to a leading organization in a Senior Sales leadership / Director role.
I pride myself on being able to establish strategic relationships and forge robust stakeholder management both within the organization and with the client. I believe in paying close attention to client feedback and ensuring sales cycles are well managed to bring optimal value to both the client and organization. I am a firm believer that the key to being a consistent sales performer is for a team to plan for success and the discipline to action the plan. This helped me be a leading revenue generator and consistently deliver value to the client and organization.
Exceptional understanding of various business cultures in the Asia Pacific region.
Drive a sales cycle from lead- sourcing through till contracting.
Maintains an open and inquisitive mind to new learning experiences.
Founded BYKidO is a Marketing and Advertising start-up focus on helping Providers of Kids Services reach out to Parents in Singapore.
Responsibilities include Partners Management, Customer Acquisition, Marketing, Website Development and Company Strategy.
Owns the entire Partner onboarding process which includes, identifying and initiating contact with potential new partners, delivery of value proposition to partners and partner relationship management.
Responsible for Customer Acquisition through social media, Search Engine Optimization, content marketing, offline events and direct sales activities.
Manages the Marketing process, including idea generation, ad / campaign creation, and execution.
Responsible for Website Development, including creation and maintenance of BYKIDO.COM.
Actively manage collaborations with merchants, vendors and 3rd Party channels, such as Event Planners, PR Firms, Influencers, Preschools and Companies.
Leads a small team, including 1 Marketing executive and 1 Sales executive.
Founded BYKidO is a Marketing and Advertising start-up focus on helping Providers of Kids Services reach out to Parents in Singapore.
Responsibilities include Partners Management, Customer Acquisition, Marketing, Website Development and Company Strategy.
Owns the entire Partner onboarding process which includes, identifying and initiating contact with potential new partners, delivery of value proposition to partners and partner relationship management.
Responsible for Customer Acquisition through social media, Search Engine Optimization, content marketing, offline events and direct sales activities.
Manages the Marketing process, including idea generation, ad / campaign creation, and execution.
Responsible for Website Development, including creation and maintenance of BYKIDO.COM.
Actively manage collaborations with merchants, vendors and 3rd Party channels, such as Event Planners, PR Firms, Influencers, Preschools and Companies.
Leads a small team, including 1 Marketing executive and 1 Sales executive.
Successful in increasing the number of Partner Merchants month on month despite being a start-up.
Exceed expectations for Marketing growth on various platforms – email list, Facebook, Website signups.
Created marketing relationships with several Corporate and Pre-school to be listed as a “Preferred Partner” on their intranets and Staff listings. Includes Local Banks, International Banks, MNCs.
Self -learn the technical aspect of setting up the website and create a working prototype within 3 weeks. Continuous learning to improve the website.
Maintained a healthy cash position through prudent control of company resources coupled with resourcefulness and creativity.
Successful in increasing the number of Partner Merchants month on month despite being a start-up.
Exceed expectations for Marketing growth on various platforms – email list, Facebook, Website signups.
Created marketing relationships with several Corporate and Pre-school to be listed as a “Preferred Partner” on their intranets and Staff listings. Includes Local Banks, International Banks, MNCs.
Self -learn the technical aspect of setting up the website and create a working prototype within 3 weeks. Continuous learning to improve the website.
Maintained a healthy cash position through prudent control of company resources coupled with resourcefulness and creativity.
Fitch Solutions is part of the Fitch Group distributing Fitch’s credit research, ratings and proprietary data to financial professionals through various channels.
Clients are mainly from the Fixed Income, Risk Management and Investment teams across all FIs.
Responsible for growing the region’s Book of Business by creating new and enhanced client relationships, and defending existing revenue streams.
Responsible for the introduction of Fitch Connect – a new Fitch Platform aimed at providing clients with access to Fitch’s data, this includes Fundamental Financial Data, Credit Ratings and CDS pricing.
Owns the full sales cycle process which includes, identifying and initiating new sales opportunities by prospecting new clients, and leveraging existing client relationships and events organized by Fitch Group.
Actively lead a team of an account manager, product specialist and client services to leverage their expertise in the sales cycle.
Regional point of contact for all cross border and global strategic account clients.
Lead large sized contract negotiations through active collaboration with various organizational functions (Legal, Product Teams, Regional Sales Teams, Client Services, etc).
Takes ownership of regional sales campaigns and events to identify and create new sales opportunities.
Fitch Solutions is part of the Fitch Group distributing Fitch’s credit research, ratings and proprietary data to financial professionals through various channels.
Clients are mainly from the Fixed Income, Risk Management and Investment teams across all FIs.
Responsible for growing the region’s Book of Business by creating new and enhanced client relationships, and defending existing revenue streams.
Responsible for the introduction of Fitch Connect – a new Fitch Platform aimed at providing clients with access to Fitch’s data, this includes Fundamental Financial Data, Credit Ratings and CDS pricing.
Owns the full sales cycle process which includes, identifying and initiating new sales opportunities by prospecting new clients, and leveraging existing client relationships and events organized by Fitch Group.
Actively lead a team of an account manager, product specialist and client services to leverage their expertise in the sales cycle.
Regional point of contact for all cross border and global strategic account clients.
Lead large sized contract negotiations through active collaboration with various organizational functions (Legal, Product Teams, Regional Sales Teams, Client Services, etc).
Takes ownership of regional sales campaigns and events to identify and create new sales opportunities.
Achieved revenue growth of 16% in 2014, 20% in 2015 and 20% in 2016.
Re-established client relationships with both Sovereign Wealth Funds in Singapore.
Increased revenue generated from key accounts in the region to increase visibility of the Fitch brand.
Actively manage clients and internal stakeholders in the introduction of a new Fitch Solutions Platform.
Successfully converting regulatory requirements of clients into sales, ie Basel III, Solvency II.
Achieved revenue growth of 16% in 2014, 20% in 2015 and 20% in 2016.
Re-established client relationships with both Sovereign Wealth Funds in Singapore.
Increased revenue generated from key accounts in the region to increase visibility of the Fitch brand.
Actively manage clients and internal stakeholders in the introduction of a new Fitch Solutions Platform.
Successfully converting regulatory requirements of clients into sales, ie Basel III, Solvency II.
Banks – Singapore (Top 4), Australia (Big 4), Malaysia (Top 5), Thailand (Top 4), Vietnam (Top 5).
Regulators – Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia.
Sovereigns Wealth Funds / State Pensions – Singapore, Malaysia.
Banks – Singapore (Top 4), Australia (Big 4), Malaysia (Top 5), Thailand (Top 4), Vietnam (Top 5).
Regulators – Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia.
Sovereigns Wealth Funds / State Pensions – Singapore, Malaysia.
Web Services Integration (WSI) is a software company providing automation solutions to the finance industry.
Started the Singapore sales office and solely in charge of WSI’s sales operations for Asia Pacific.
Responsible for office revenue and sales cycle include lead sourcing, improving product visibility, proposals and contract negotiations.
Building and maintaining relationships with clients in the middle and back office operations. Majority of contacts are COOs, Head of Operations, Head of ITs and Business Analysts.
Web Services Integration (WSI) is a software company providing automation solutions to the finance industry.
Started the Singapore sales office and solely in charge of WSI’s sales operations for Asia Pacific.
Responsible for office revenue and sales cycle include lead sourcing, improving product visibility, proposals and contract negotiations.
Building and maintaining relationships with clients in the middle and back office operations. Majority of contacts are COOs, Head of Operations, Head of ITs and Business Analysts.
Achieved and exceeded targets for setting up the regional office.
Build up a considerable interest in the product despite limited presence in the region before.
Achieved and exceeded targets for setting up the regional office.
Build up a considerable interest in the product despite limited presence in the region before.
Capital Economics (CE) is a macroeconomic consultancy providing economic reports to the finance industry.
Driving CE’s sales efforts into the Asia Pacific region specifically to China, Taiwan, Korea, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines and Brunei and being accountable to the region’s revenue.
Serviced Institutional Clients in the region covering both the Buy and Sell sides. Majority of clients are CEOs, CIOs, Heads of Research, Portfolio Managers, Analysts and Traders.
Responsible in the entire sales process, from lead researching, cold calling, proposals, contract negotiation, account renewal and account growth management.
Capital Economics (CE) is a macroeconomic consultancy providing economic reports to the finance industry.
Driving CE’s sales efforts into the Asia Pacific region specifically to China, Taiwan, Korea, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines and Brunei and being accountable to the region’s revenue.
Serviced Institutional Clients in the region covering both the Buy and Sell sides. Majority of clients are CEOs, CIOs, Heads of Research, Portfolio Managers, Analysts and Traders.
Responsible in the entire sales process, from lead researching, cold calling, proposals, contract negotiation, account renewal and account growth management.
Constantly exceeded personal and company targets for the sales and promotion of CE research solution into the Asia Pacific region,.
Expanded CE’s businesses into markets with previously zero presence such as China, Taiwan and Korea.
Posted solid results in the China market, making it the 3rd largest sales area for the Singapore office, this despite the product being in English and selling to a relatively Chinese speaking audience.
Established strong sales and working relationships with new clients resulting in a 90% renewal rate.
Constantly exceeded personal and company targets for the sales and promotion of CE research solution into the Asia Pacific region,.
Expanded CE’s businesses into markets with previously zero presence such as China, Taiwan and Korea.
Posted solid results in the China market, making it the 3rd largest sales area for the Singapore office, this despite the product being in English and selling to a relatively Chinese speaking audience.
Established strong sales and working relationships with new clients resulting in a 90% renewal rate.
Business Monitor International is an information service provider focusing on both Industry and Finance related analysis. Its flagship product, BMO is an online platform to its analysis.
Responsible for regional new business revenue of BMO through lead research, cold calling, meetings, monthly business trips, presentations, proposals, negotiation and account management.
Lead for the IT and Government sectors with clients in senior management positions involved in planning, strategy, business developments and finance.
Business Monitor International is an information service provider focusing on both Industry and Finance related analysis. Its flagship product, BMO is an online platform to its analysis.
Responsible for regional new business revenue of BMO through lead research, cold calling, meetings, monthly business trips, presentations, proposals, negotiation and account management.
Lead for the IT and Government sectors with clients in senior management positions involved in planning, strategy, business developments and finance.
Proven record for consistently achieving and exceeding new business and renewal targets.
Headed the project for the Singapore office in a joint global effort with the London and New York offices.
Proven record for consistently achieving and exceeding new business and renewal targets.
Headed the project for the Singapore office in a joint global effort with the London and New York offices.
Graduated GPA: 3.6 upon 4 (Magna Cum Laude i.e. High Distinction).
Jonkoping International Business School (Student Exchange - Sweden).
Application Tools such as Microsoft Office Suite, Salesforce, Lotus notes (User Level).
Fluent in written and spoken English and Mandarin, and basic spoken Cantonese.Master of Science in Applied Finance, Singapore Management University Singapore 2011-2012.
Main courses: financial statement analysis, fixed income analysis, corporate finance, financial modeling, investment advisory service&wealth management, private equity and venture capital investing, etc.
B.A. in Economics and Arts, Xiamen University China 2006-2010.
Proficient in English and Mandarin (both written and spoken).
Client Advisor Assistant, UBS AG Singapore Branch(November 2015-Present).
Assist Private Bankers take care of High net worth clients’ daily transactions and investments instructions.
In charge of KYC and onboarding new clients, due diligence check and financial background research.
Provide high quality market update and investment profile materials for client meetings.
Familiar with investment products(Dual currency investment, Options, Bonds,Shares, etc), insurance products, trust set up, offshore company account opening, mortgage loan financing and refinancing.
Assist client on credit facility set up, risk control to ensure sufficient collateral, periodic review for credit facilities.
Daily monitoring of client’s loans, securities transfers, corporate actions, etc.
Liaise with different teams(Investment Banking, Trustees, Brokers, Legal, AML, etc) to provide solutions for clients’ request and ensure fulfill compliance requirement.
Assistant Business Manager, DBS Bank (March 2015–November 2015).
Assisted Branch Manager in terms of chairing of meetings, mentorship of juniors, customer management, ensure sales compliance and execute on action plan set forth.
Actively organized monthly roadshow to enhance customer relationship, sales productivity and participated in community events such as POSB HDB loan talk, retirement planning talk, etc.
Demonstrated good initiative to take charge of unsecured loan and general insurance projects within the branch to improve productivity, inspired the team with weekly new idea sharing session.
Proven capability on conflict handling, team management, new entrants coaching, branch operation management.
Treasures Relationship Manager, DBS Bank(September 2012–Feb 2015).
Consistently outperform in terms of sales target and maintain good relationship with high net worth clients.
In charge of banking business development and high net worth clients acquisition.
Provided professional market update and advisory on currency linked investment, universal life insurance, equity linked investment, Unit Trusts and legacy planning, etc.
Provided high quality financial advisory and displayed exemplary service standards towards customer management.
Good understanding of sales guidelines and processes of banking sales, insurance and investment.
Top performer on mortgage loan acquisition with sufficient knowledge on real-estate market rules and regulation.
Multiple awards winner in terms of insurance and investment products.
Main Organizer of “Graduation Party—Black Tie Night”(wrote proposals, raised fund, more than 200 guests attended).
Organizer and Executive of “Personal Wealth Management Seminar”(more than 100 participants from SMU,NTU,NUS).
Deputy Minister of Public Relations Department of Students' Club Federation.
Organized more than 10 events, led 92 clubs and 12,735 members with strong leadership and good interpersonal skills.
Assisted in generating sponsorship, conducted clubs’ operation and developed external relationship.
Coordinated with sponsors, assisted them in campus promotion plans and negotiated with different kind of organizations.
DBS brilliant star GOLD awards of H1 2013 (Gold Coast incentive trip), Q2 2014, H1 2014 (Korea incentive trip).
Top Performer ranked No.8 in POSB Franchise Relationship manager category( FY2014 ).
Awarded the certificate of WMI Wealth Management Programme- Affluent from  on Nov 2013.
Conferred the designation of IBF Qualified (“IBFQ”) for Wealth Management (Relationship Management-Priority Banking) from The Institute of Banking and Finance Singapore on 25 Nov 2014.
Completion of the examinations for CACS paper 1&2, CMFAS module 5, module 8, module 9, module 1B.M:1-786-714-9239        WeChat:15818195871              98banker@gmail.com.
08/1991-05/1993 University of Florida (#1 One-line and Top 10 public).
08/1992-08/1993 Nyenrode Business University (#1 in The Netherlands).
1.The SelectUSA Investment Summit (President Obama)、2000+investors /CEOs.
12/2014-Present: Global Top 100 ENR Firm     Vice President/Senior Advisor 1. Acquired #1 the high-tech environmental company in the USA.
2. Acquired #1 EuropeAid contractor.(the World Bank, ADB and Europe Bank) 3. Post-Merger Management: The Executive Committee & The Senior Leadership.
4. Financial: EBITDA、loans、forecasting 、IPO and private placements.
01/2005-12/2014: HT Capital Management                 Executive Director 1.#1 Cooling tower firm: Market share: 35% in China and 85% in Taiwan.
2.#1 Dental clinics chains + The Beijing Holding investments(one of top 3) 3.#1 English cram school chains+ Kindergartens + #1 Japanese investor.
4.#1 Premium mango chains/export and #1 Bakery / Gift chains.
5.Top 200 Forbes Chinese tycoon, Lenovo group and Foxconn group.
05/2002-12/2004  ING group,USA (Global Top 10)              Vice President      1. Merged with Financial Network+ MFS(the oldest fund) and Eaton Vance.
Trust management center, Exchange fund and Covered call loan.
Learned from the equity king-Peter Lynch and the bond king-Bill Gross.
05/1997-04/2002  Merrill Lynch,USA (#1 Securities Firm)     Vice President.
＃1 Asset management global firm (via M&A= the fastest growing firm)  = Europe #1 mutual fund (Mercury)+Japan #3 securities firm (Yamaichi).
Merrill、PIMCO、Fidelity、Munder-Tech, John Hancock and etc.
Sold the subsidiary of Corning (USA)-fiber optic to a tycoon.
Graduation-03/1997  CitiGroup (Global Top 10)           Investment Manager      1. Taiwan # 1 President Group acquired USA # 2 food group-Wyndham Foods.
Fund manager：America-Taiwan high-tech fund/ Dai-Li bond fund.
MFA Champions( MFA-the oldest mutual fund)、Top 1% of MFS Premier Partners Program、Alliance Capital Chairman’s Recognitions(top 10)、Munder Capital Advisor Council(1st Quintile investment performance) 、 The Eaton Vance Leaders Club、John Hancock President’Awards($US 270M of investment within one month) 、 Fund Manager ’ s Awards and President George Bush ’ s Appreciations, Advisor to The National Development Council and etc.
Chinese cross-strait Chain Store & Franchise Association(one of Asia’s largest)、Association of Chain and Franchise Promotion、Lion Club、Rotary Club、Chinese Financial Management Association、Monte Jade Science and Technology Association、Private Equity Investment Association and American Chamber of Commerce、 Global Talent Innovation & Collaboration Association and etc.
The Investment Tracks、Decoding Your Hope、The Strategy and Implementation of Value Added Services.
M312713、M316460、M307148,No.7,63, 2899035,0C15497 and patents.A dynamic, results-driven, and disciplined professional having 10+ years of progressive experience and a focus on the Banking and Financial Services industries with a proven ability of acquiring, managing, and retaining profitable relationships with both individual and corporate clients, strategic planning, team management & working in fast-paced sales environments.
Pinnacle Asset & Investment Management ME – Dubai, U.A.E. February, 2016 – December, 2016.
Acquiring clients of high net worth, both individual and corporate, with an investable surplus, and continuously growing the liability portfolio.
Assessing clients’ risk appetite levels to recommend solutions to meet their return requirements.
Consistently generating sales volumes exceeding USD 200,000 a month.
Maintaining a healthy pipeline for future investments and potential client meetings through updating and preserving a comprehensive database of preferred clientele.
Built and maintained a healthy network of individuals and corporates for mutual business referrals.
Liaising with internal departments for the timely payout of referral incentives.
Continuous focus on generating quality business opportunities over quantity.
Mashreq Bank PSC. – Dubai, U.A.E. February, 2015 – November, 2015.
Securing clients for mortgages, refinances, and take-overs exceeding a total disbursable value of AED. 75 Million.
Generating leads to acquire NTB clients, creating the opportunity to sell an array of the banks products such as salary accounts, credit cards, fixed-term deposits, etc.
Initiated and maintained relationships with units across the bank – trading and large corporates, emerging corporates, and retail sales – assuring a smooth & healthy pipeline of business opportunities.
Damac Properties PJSC. – Dubai, U.A.E. December, 2013 – December, 2014.
Experienced in generating leads of UHNIs with an ability to withhold investments for long-term gains, both locally and overseas.
Securing clients for residential, commercial, and investment properties worth over AED. 90 Million, while achieving sales volumes in excess of AED. 20 Million.
Built and maintained relationships with existing clients, thereby generating repeat sales and referrals, based on trust, loyalty, and mutual understanding.
Created a network and relationships with both individuals and corporates, local and overseas, for lead generation to maximize business opportunities.
Uniquely managed to build a database of investors with over 35,000 contact details.
Nations Trust Bank PLC. – Colombo, Sri Lanka. February, 2008 – February, 2013.
(Awards: Best Team Leader – 2011 & 2009 / 1st Runner up – 2012 & 2010).
Recruiting, training, and mentoring 80+ sales staff in the department, along with 4 other BDMs.
Achieving assigned target volumes through the team, via the creation of profitable business avenues within the set parameters, while growing the asset portfolio valued at >LKR. 4 Billion, in 2012.
Initiated and developed a product line in conjunction with legal, compliance, and product development, giving the bank an edge over all competition to capitalize on a large market segment.
Being the only BDM recruited externally, achieving zero fraudulent files through the tenure, while over-achieving sales targets.
Managing a team of 15+ Senior, Junior, and Trainee Business Development Officers.
Presenting performances related data to the Senior Management, and Board of Directors, regularly.
Managing & maintaining relationships with large corporates in order to capitalize on bulk sales via corporate promotions.
Arranging training programmes, performance recognition reward systems, assessing criteria for promotions.
Marketing Executive promoted to Team Leader Seylan Merchant Leasing PLC – Colombo, Sri Lanka. January, 2004 – March, 2007.
Assuring team targets are achieved through the provision of vehicle leasing facilities to individual and corporate clients.
Assisting the underperforming team members discover potential markets.
Meeting and building relationships with agents and agencies, vehicle dealerships, etc. for sales leads and volume achievement.
Al Ghurair City – Dubai, U.A.E. October, 2001 – August, 2002.
International Certificate in Advanced Wealth Management Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment (CISI) – London, U.K.
Awaiting acceptance from universities in the U.A.E to resume.
International Certificate in Wealth and Investment Management.
Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment (CISI) – London, U.K.
Bachelor of Business Administration Edith Cowan University – Perth, Australia.
Perth Institute of Business and Technology – Perth, Australia. January, 2007.Residential Address:  Flat B, 4/F, Rome Court, Realty Gardens, 41 Conduit Road, Mid-Levels, Hong Kong.
Languages:   Fluent in spoken and written English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
Education:   Master of Business Administration, AGSM (UNSW), 2001-2003.
Postgraduate Certificate of Hong Kong Law, City University of Hong Kong, 1999-2000.
Bachelor of Computer Science, University of Melbourne, 1995-1998.
Seasoned executive with over 18 years of experience specialising in IT Technology including sales/business development, project management and solution integration.
Excellent track record in selling technology, budgeting, performing business requirement analysis and dealing with complex requirements.
Extensive relationships across Technology Partners including cloud providers, trading platforms, network infrastructure and cybersecurity vendors, hardware manufacturer and associations.
Solid track record in resource management, team building and mentoring of both direct and matrix subordinates.
Broad international exposure including 3 years working experience in EMEA, 3 years in ASEAN and 9 years education in Australia.
Excellent presentation, communication and interpersonal skills.
Responsible for the overall Asia office operations including sales, service delivery and project management. Major achievements include:.
P&L responsibility of the HK and Singapore office operations. Built and managed a team of 14 staff including both Sales and Service Delivery resources.
Achieved over 100% Y2Y sales revenue increase, doubled the number of clients in Hong Kong within 18 months. Client sectors coverage include: Hedge Funds, Private Equity, Family Office, Fund of Funds, etc covering their front/middle/back office operations.
Performed market analysis and identified sweet spots revenue growth area and aligned the sales team to focus accordingly. Formulate and execute sales plan tailored for Asia region.
Advising clients’ IT strategy and closed deals related to infrastructure solutions including Private/Public Cloud, Networking, Server, Storage, Voice, Circuits, Trade Compliance, Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity, Security Policy, IT Services and Ongoing Support.
Built up an excellent network within the fintech community including Prime Brokers, Fund Administrators, fintech vendors, OMS/PMS vendors and major technology manufacturers and local hardware/software suppliers.
Worked with various internal stakeholders including Products team, Pre-Sales, Marketing, Operations in the US and UK. In particular, developed a new strategy to promote an ECI owned private cloud hosting service within the financial sector in Hong Kong and Singapore.
Localised US products such as cybersecurity offerings in meeting Asia needs including Anti-Virus, Anti-Spamming, Web Filtering and IDS/IPS solution. Review regulatory requirements and translating SOC2 results to meet compliance needs.
Business Development and Project Manager (Sep 2008 – Feb 2014).
Responsible for sales and managing a number of Infrastructure projects, as well as providing consultancy service to clients. Key project highlights include:.
Business Development / Project Management - IT Consultancy.
Spin off of an Asset Management arm of an existing Japanese Investment Bank client – infrastructure separation project including setting up of new IT infrastructure and planning of separation strategy such as Data migration etc.
Existing European Investment Bank client - a Trading Floor recovery site upgrade project, involving upgrade of Trading Desk workstations, Trading Platform migration and Disaster Recovery testing coordination.
New Japanese Hedge Fund start up client - involving office selection, due diligence, outsourcing and Trading Desk design including Order Management System and Market Data Service deployment.
Developed a new business and sales strategy that integrate existing consulting and managed services offering to existing Hedge Fund clients.
Managed over 20 accounts and projects in the Hedge Fund/Asset Management sector, involving a wide range of service offerings including Office IT Infrastructure design, Market Data Services consultancy, as well as supporting clients’ daily operation via PTS’ Managed Service (IT service desk).
Developed a knowledge base of various trading (OMS and EMS) and portfolio management systems for PTS, including Bloomberg AIMS, Charles River, Geneva, Fidessa, Beauchamp, Imagine, and Tora, etc.
Established and managed new partnerships across multiple industries including realtors, interior designers, financial software vendors (trading system, order management system and risk management system, etc) and Prime Brokers and Fund Administrators, etc.
A well-establish French bank - Hong Kong Data Centre Relocation Project.
An US based custodian bank – HK Office and Trading Room Expansion project.
An US based multi-billion Asset Management firm – Shanghai and Taiwan Office trading platform setup.
An established consultancy firm – Regional workstation migration and hardware replacement project.
A renowned global apparel company – Shanghai campus infrastructure setup.
Provided a wide range of technical and non-technical advice and support, as well as Project Management including:.
Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity Plan strategy, Data Centre technologies such as cabling and monitoring systems, as well as IT Infrastructure such as Network and Security, Telecom, Server Virtualisation Technologies (Citrix, VMware & HyperV), VDI and Database/Storage, etc. Trading desk technologies such as Turret and Multi-screens setup.
Service Management (ITIL), Risk and Impact analysis, various Managed Service commercial model and Pricing strategy, etc.
Team member recruitment, staff mentoring, conflict resolution and team building, etc.
Responsible for managing the key accounts of Manpower Business Solutions (MBS), including several regional key accounts, including HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank, RBS and Standard Chartered Bank, etc.
Built and managed a team of 3 Account Managers and to manage over 60 accounts with total turnover exceed $15million USD.
Responded to a number of large scale Managed Services tenders (RFI/RFP/RFQ), develop strategic business proposals, pricing model and analyse profit margins.
Business Development Manager (based in Hong Kong) (Feb 2006 – Dec 2006).
Technical Pre-Sales Consultant/Project Manager (based in United Kingdom) (Sept 2003 – Jan 2006).
Technical Consultant/Project Manager (based in Hong Kong) (Oct 2000 - Sept 2003).
Provided Sales, technical consulting, project management, bid management pre-sales support covering Europe, Middle-East and Africa region.
Feb 1999 - Oct 2000  Pacific Century Cyber Works (PCCW) / Cable and Wireless HKT (CW-HKT).
System Integration (IP) Officer (IP Edge Intelligence Branch, Hong Kong) (Feb 2000 - Oct 2000).
Graduate trainee (Software Service Branch, Hong Kong) (Feb 1999 - Feb 2000).Accomplished investment professional and serial entrepreneur; stellar track record of originating, structuring and marketing financial products and unique opportunities, which have afforded the investor(s) robust growth and risk-adjusted returns. Over twelve years of experience in fund of funds, private equity transactions and alternative investment strategies, including: distressed, long/short debt and equity placements, real estate, energy, IT, telecom and venture investing.
Palgenesis Fund, I (New York City) LIMITED PARTNER & STRATEGIC ADVISOR.
Providing international marketing and business development to this seed capital fund, which is aligned with TechStars, the world’s leading angel investment and accelerator platform, as well as with 500 Startups, Nxtp.labs, LEAPAxlr8r, China Accelerator and angelcube. Our seed-round investments include: App.io, Condo.com, Nestio, Go Chime, Marker.ly, categorical, Romotive and Launchkey.
Pinpay is Lebanon’s first handset-based, carrier-neutral, payment, mobile banking and remittance ecosystem. Pinpay was “bootstrapped” with my angel investment; it has since emerged as one of the country’s earliest, and most successful, venture capital “cover” stories.
Built the company from “concept to enterprise” in under twelve (12) months.
Assembled distinct management team and advisory board, and rapidly grew the business amidst one of the harshest political, economic and regulatory environments in the Middle East.
Earned goodwill; fostered trust relationships, and garnered early adoption (critical capital commitments) from some of the leading banking institutions and VC investors in the region.
Attracted follow-on investments, ultimately negotiating a lucrative exit strategy, which capitalized on five, grueling years of sheer determination and significant value-creation.
Equity Partners (Kuwait City) PARTNER, ORIGINATION & INVESTMENTS.
A closely-held financial advisory and private placement boutique (“feeder fund”), offering its balance sheet, value-added services, structured product distribution and professional investment strategy to entrepreneurs, enterprises, fund managers, institutions, family offices and UHNW investors throughout the Levant, Northern Africa & GCC region.
Negotiated lowest GP (management) fees for our shareholders and clientele; worked directly with the firm’s Chairman and Managing Director on matters of: fund/manager selection, treasury decisions, asset allocation procedures as well as arbitrage and risk management.
Marketed (placed) a diverse range of six (6) absolute return funds: top-quartile managers, covering an array of strategies, geographies and capital structures, to Sovereign, Institutional & Family Offices, also sophisticated UHNW investors across Middle East, Europe and Far East.
Raised tremendous assets for fund managers; promoted strategic joint ventures, local agencies and one-off deals, whilst developing trust relationships with notable, regional players.
Organized “road shows” to Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar and Bahrain; built an extensive LP rolodex (in excess of 700 relationships); bolstered existing GPs with follow-on capital, and helped to launch many of the firm’s new, up-and-coming fund managers in the Middle East.
Grew assets under advisory and management from USD$4million, initially, to over USD$1.3billion upon my departure; accomplished that in less than ten (10) years, despite major market swings and even the global, financial meltdown of 2008.CIMB Bank Berhad (Singapore):  Institutional Sales      Jan 2012—Present.
Set up the Institutional Sales desk in CIMB Singapore and increased PnL by 450% YoY to SGD 5 million.
Covering client such as Corporates, Government agencies, Private Banks, Hedge Funds, Mutual Funds and Asset Managers across Asia Pacific while leading the project, within CIMB, of expanding outreach into Taiwan.
Established CIMB’s capability of offering IDR, SGD, THB, PHP, MYR and USD Sovereign and Corporate bonds to institutional investors in secondary market.
Set up the operating procedures on the Sales desk with other key stake holders within the bank ie. Account opening procedure, Client information database etc.
Standard Bank (Hong Kong):  Credit Sales       April 2011—Dec 2011.
Consolidated and enhanced the coverage of private banks, hedge funds and asset managers by improving trading activities by 20% in the first quarter.
Introduced the first African debt issuance into Asia in Standard Bank Group and received over USD 300 million of orders.
Involved in the distribution of high yield and illiquid debt products to hedge funds and banks (special situation desk, proprietary desk).
Provided advisory services to various dealers across different financial institutions on investment ideas and research reports on emerging markets credits.
Creditex (Singapore):  Credit Derivatives Sales/Broker      Jul 2007—May 2009.
Promoted from a trainee to a Junior Broker in 3 months, which normally takes a year, due to outstanding performances.
Acquired all inactive clients and achieved 100% reactivation rate within 3 months.
Provided expert advice to Bloomberg clients on the usage and functionality of the Bloomberg Professional Service application and demonstrating the advantages the products can give them.
MSc in Finance (CFA Accredited Program): Completed in August 2010.
Dissertation Topic: An Empirical Analysis of the Intraday Lead-Lag Relationship between Equity and CDS iTraxx Indices.
Relevant coursework: Asset Management, Risk Management, Corporate Finance & Valuation.
BEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering attaining Upper Second Class Honours (2:1 Hons).
Attained distinction for Thesis/Final Year Project using Matlab-Simulink.
Represented the Singapore Army in Waterpolo and Swimming in National and Regional tournaments.
Represented the University of Nottingham in the British University Sport Association (BUSA) Waterpolo tournament.
Enjoy lifeguarding at the beach, community service with animals and outdoor activities.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
I, herewith, submit my curriculum vitae for the consideration of a vacant position at your institution. I believe my academic background and experience will be of interest to you.
My experience working with regional and multinational entities like banks and large financial and investment companies has been professionally rewarding. I have come to value results-oriented teamwork as key factor in increasing productivity and client satisfaction.
Based on the successful completion of the EMEA regional investments certification program.
Able to work within an entrepreneurial and highly demanding work environment.
Applies financial acumen and economic knowledge to help a high net-worth client reach short-term investment goals or long-term retirement objectives.
Responsible for performing intermediate duties and support related to LCWM (Dubai Limited) operational activities and financial services; processes all new account transactions; assisting customers in their selection of various accounts and financial services; cross-selling the Bank's products and services .
promoting business for the Bank by maintaining good customer relations and referring customers to appropriate.
Understand the requirements and needs of the wealthy clients and accordingly caters to those requirements.
fulfill other duties also such as to deal with the delivery of brokerage, investment management, trust and insurance products and services.
Responsible for acquiring and building important new client relationships.
Handling and managing the regional institutional accounts, in UAE, Saudi and Bahrain. The relationship stands between the big banks, asset management firms, Family offices, Brokerage houses and the HNW clients. Opening new doors and brining fresh accounts to expand the client base to maximize the company profit.
Participate in creating an aggressive annual business plans and strategies to cover the region in terms of building a fully fledged brokerage network through technology utilization. This includes continuously analyzing and sizing the market in terms of client segments, partners and competitors.
Partner with banks, brokerage houses, asset management companies and fund managers to join the company’ brokerage network for inbound and outbound regional trading [Direct Market Access & STP].
Create a procedure manual for operations and compliance in all GCC equity markets in order to streamline processes within the brokerage network.
Work closely with legal, compliance and operations on day to day activities such as setting limits to traders, negotiate rebates, serve clients with corporate actions, etc.
Train existing partners on Mubasher Brokerage System including Front and back office components and boost their trading volumes with Mubasher by serving them with IPOs, new markets, new trading tools, etc.
Owns and manages customer relationship from A to Z to reach the maximum level of satisfaction.
Contacting the clients on daily basis and meet with them once a month at their offices to respond to their inquiries and to deepening the relation. regardless of market conditions.
Following up the client transactions with monitoring the daily revenue print from each client.
Focuses on customer's satisfaction, knows the customer's business and workflows, develops proper contact network within accounts.
Develop and establish new business to expand the customer base to achieve the overall objectives.
Adhere to all internal policies and guidelines to insure a full exercise of KYC is performed prior to closing sales.
Works with and brings in experts/specialists onto the team where required, has oversight of all account activities.
Responsible for forecasting, keeps management in touch with accounts in a timely fashion, gathers intelligence on competitor activity, gives feedback to marketing.
Follow up on market performance on daily basis, through the Internet, newspapers, magazines, market intelligence etc., to be fully informed of all happenings in the market as well as with competition.
Targeting high net worth and institutional clients with investment interest in the UAE stock market.
Assist in developing a client base for the equity brokerage business for the domestic and regional markets.
Professionally managing new and existing accounts leading to a long mutual beneficial relationship.
Providing technical advise on stock market daily expected price move.
Updating my clients with all the recent news that might affect the stock market.
Assist back office in maintaining all deals and customer records.
Maintain regular telephonic contact with assigned clients to assist in the deal flow.
Develop and solicit individual client base for the UAE brokerage operation.
Assist back office in maintaining all deal and customer records.
Assist in preparing market commentary for clients and ensure timely delivery.
Quote and execute deals in line with advised parameters to maintain profitability on deals.
Maintain, update and provide MIS reports in order to keep accounts track of customer’s profitability.
Maintain regular telephonic contact and visit assigned clients to assist deal flow.
Handle all account related procedures in the primary and secondary market.
Handle all customer queries in relation to the account, exchange and listed instruments.
Adhere to the desk service standards and operating procedures whilst operating deal flow.
Manages the bank’s relationship with a certain number of high net worth individuals by understanding their needs and catering their requirements, develops new business by identifying and contacting existing or prospective customers and promotes the bank services also to deal with the delivery of brokerage, investment management, trust and insurance products and services.
Targeting high net worth clients with investment interest in the UAE stock market.
Professionally managing new and existing accounts leading to a long mutual beneficial relationship.
Providing technical advice on stock market daily expected price move.
Updating  my clients with all the recent news that might affect the stock market.
Assist back office in maintaining all deals and customer records.
Develop and solicit individual client base for the UAE brokerage operation.
Maintain, update and provide MIS reports in order to keep accounts track of customer’s profitability.
Handle all account related procedures in the primary and secondary market.
Handle all customer queries in relation to the account, exchange and listed instruments.
Adhere to the desk service standards and operating procedures whilst operating deal flow.
Responsible for business mobilization through excellent customer service standards. With resolving customer service issues of branch customers accurately and on time and ensuring high customer satisfaction scores.  Assisting the Customer Service Supervisor in ensuring the smooth functioning of the bank floor operations .and ensuring achievement of sales and cross selling targets.
Ensure that liabilities and asset growth are as per the stated business targets..
Ensure full awareness of all products provided and is constantly updated on all changes and amendments on product features, procedures and processes.
Develop a service-oriented and performance driven culture by ensuring that all service quality targets are met at all times.
Ensuring all problems/complaints/queries are handled quickly, efficiently and tactfully.
Resolving escalated customer complaints and ensuring timely resolution of the same.
Driving sales of new products, ensuring proper documentation of applications and tracking sales targets to achieve growth.
Monitoring service quality indicators and takes corrective measures to ensure highest level of customer satisfaction.
opening, maintaining and closing of all account types; performing branch clerical duties.
responsible for performing routine and intermediate duties related to consumer and business loan applications.
Ensure that all service levels and agreements are being met consistently without any fail.
Analyze and review potential business to ensure maximum profitability.
Effectively meeting customer expectations and handling/ reduction of customer complaints.
Pro-actively participate in Bank products campaigns & promotions.
Perform adequate care and diligence in day to day conduct to protect Bank from financial and non-financial loss.
Ensure that Bank policies and guidelines are consistently & strictly followed.22 Ghim Moh Link, Singapore, 271022 | +65-8344-0983 / supanunittharat@gmail.com.
Extensive experiences in Order Management & Account Analyst. Ability to formulate action plans for problem solving. Outstanding relationship building skills and driven to succeed. Proficient multi-tasker and time manager. Jovial, infectious personality and a natural leader.
Master of Business Administration (MBA)      2014 from University of Newcastle, Australia.
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) in Global Business      2012 from Khon Kaen University International College, Thailand   Manukau Institute of Technology in Auckland, New Zealand       2009.
Order Management & Account Receivables Analyst of                     March 2014 – Present  Singapore.
Improve order fulfillment process – work closely with Market planner & Sales to provide products based on customer’s demand. Participate with a team to establish the tools that customers can use to upload in their systems then they can see valid/ updated codes, available stocks and allocation limit in daily basis. Resulting in: reduced product out of stock issue at customers end & enhanced service level.
Eliminate non-quality orders – by conducting monthly tracking report, analyze root causes and represent to internal team (MDO logistics & Sales organization). Analyze customer characteristics and adjust order cycle to match with customers’ needs.
Resulting in: reduced time of processing orders, timely deliveries, eliminated non-necessary costs.
Market’s Deduction Owner – sustain deduction target via weekly drumbeat with financial team and established escalation process & standardized tracking to team.
Resulting in: improved market daily deduction & results achieved above target by 20%, faster aged deduction clearing from 30 days to 26 days in average.
Market’s Overdue Owner: daily monitor & follow up with team to ensure customers make payment on time, identify root cause of late payment, provide timely action plan & escalation steps.
Resulting in: reduced DSO (day sales outstanding) for market & decrease orders on hold due to credit blocked / exceeded.
Marketing Assistant (intern) of                               June 2011 – Dec 2012 C.P Intertrade Co.,Ltd, Bangkok, Thailand.
 Developed the overall strategy for several product launches – wrote and managed marketing plan, product positioning. Conducted focus groups and usability testing to gather customer feedback.
Provided understanding market, competition and sales process.
Customer Service of  Muang Thong Bhasaj Co., Ltd, Ubon Rathathani, Thailand                                     July 2009 – June 2010.
 Expanded medical business to Laos customers – conducted survey to understand customers’ demand.
Responded on pricing inquiry, provide accurate and timely information. Established good relationship.
Resulting in: improved customers’ satisfactions and they became loyalty customers.
Proficient in MS office applications, Adobe Photoshop, SAP, CRM, CMS supervisor, AVAYA and social media.8 Rue Isly, Racine, Casablanca, Morocco 20100 | C: +212661795540 |  position within.
To join a dynamic firm in the field of finance where I can make a significant contribution, increase profitability and.
Manage a team of 9 brokers (6 juniors and 3 seniors) University.
Solid track record of market share (increased market share from 9.2% in 2008 to 22.6% in 2015) In charge of institutional sales.
In charge of foreign clients (mostly GCC, US, UK and South Africa).
Suggest daily trading strategies and technical analysis to determine entry and exit points.
Developed innovative trading strategies to profit from current market conditions Generated trading profits that supported the firm's business.
Increased asset under management from 200 Million MAD to 1.6 Billion MAD.
Managed a team of 6 (4 junior private bankers and 2 senior ones) Increased performance of AUM 14% above benchmark (index).
Statistics and analysis of the main financial and economic aggregates.
Managed and maintained network communication database, with emphasis on managing network diagnostic tools for Ethernet, field identification of infrastructure, and inventory control of communication hardware.
Publications Understanding Addressing in a TCP/IP Network.
*TCT Courseware Materials for Cisco Internetwork Operating System (IOS) V.11.x.
Awards received The National Society of Collegiate Scholars.
Publications Understanding Addressing in a TCP/IP Network.
*TCT Courseware Materials for Cisco Internetwork Operating System (IOS) V.11.x.
Awards received The National Society of Collegiate Scholars.International Business Development - Deal Origination & Execution - Nurturing Strategic Alliances - Due Diligence - Investor Relations.
Institutional Sales professional with over 12 prolific years of business development/client acquisition at various levels of the organization.
Involved in fund raising for MENA & Global funds/Managed accounts from large institutions i.e. Sovereign Wealth Funds, Pension Funds, Endowments, Family Offices, FoFs & sub advisory mandates from asset managers across Middle East & Africa.
Strong business acumen with experience creating sales and marketing plans, budgeting, forecasting and establishing goals.
Thorough knowledge in working with business development techniques and revenue generations.
Proven competency in developing a strong base of client and increase revenue and sales.
Proven track record in record in building and managing client and franchisee relationships.
Excellent team management, presentation, communication & problem solving skills.
Bank Muscat is the leading financial services provider in the Sultanate of  with a strong presence in corporate banking, , , ,  and . The bank, with assets worth over 15 billion, has the largest network in Oman exceeding 130 branches, 386 ATMs, 131 CDMs and 4500 PoS terminals.
Key member of business development team with responsibilities to place multiple asset classes, be it Private Equity Funds, Private Placements, Mutual Funds, Public Equities and IPOs, and Investment Banking Transactions.
Cover and manage relationships with local and regional clients to deliver investment banking & asset management products, services and capabilities.
Assess prospective clients’ investment banking requirements and work with the investment banking team to develop and deliver customized corporate advisory solutions to meet their goals.
Nurtured existing clients by providing excellent service and advice, introducing or placing quality investment opportunities.
Assist clients and prospects with investment strategy and provide updates on latest market developments, portfolio performance and investment ideas.
Directly responsible for executing a broad range of business initiatives supporting the business development effort in the region.
Prepare pitch books and marketing materials for new business opportunities.
Participated actively and effectively in product launches, seminars and road shows and other new company or unit initiatives.
Worked on successful mandate wins for MENA equities from large Sovereign Fund in Kuwait.
Raised USD 100 mn from pension funds in Oman and sovereign funds in Kuwait.
ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT – INSTITUTIONAL SALES & DISTRIBUTION.
Kotak Mahindra (UK) Ltd (KMUK) is a 100% subsidiary of Kotak (the parent company), KMUK is one of the first firms of Indian origin to be authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom. The solutions offered by the subsidiaries span major asset classes including listed equity, private entity and real estate. KMUK also handles international issuances of securities of Indian companies.
Managed the entire gamut of operations in business development and distribution management.
Involved in fund raising for India dedicated offshore funds/Portfolio Management products from Institutional clients i.e. Sovereign Funds, Pension Funds, Endowments, Family Offices, FoFs & sub advisory mandates from asset managers across GCC, North Africa, Mauritius & Botswana.
Involved in fund raising for India Fixed Income Funds/Deposit Fund from private banking relationships in Dubai & Oman.
Customized India centric investment solutions based on strong research, disciplined investment approach and continuous monitoring for Institutions through an offshore vehicle.
Successfully identified & assisted a large corporate body based in Oman to be 1st QFI based in Middle East.
Worked on four successful mandate wins for Indian equities from Institutional Investors i.e. Pension Fund in Middle East.
Highest fund raiser for the year 2013-14 (till date) into Indian equity & fixed income products.
Highest revenue creator through bonds sales i.e. GCC bonds, Sukuk and Eurobonds in the financial year 2012-13.
Birla Sunlife Mutual Fund (BMF) has emerged as one of India's leading mutual fund. BSLAMC is one of the India's first asset management companies to launch a India dedicated Offshore Funds. Currently, the company manages around $14bn assets across the world.
Managed the entire gamut of operations in business development and distribution management.
Involved in fund raising for India dedicated offshore funds/Portfolio Management products from Institutional clients i.e. Pension Funds, Endowments, Family Offices, FoFs & sub advisory mandates from asset managers across Europe, ME & Asia.
Successfully initiated the whole process from basic due diligence to fund raising for SWFs investment into India.
Successfully expanded AMCs reach in new geographic locations through fund raising from new Institutional clients in Europe, Middle East & South Asia.
Successfully initiated the whole process from basic due diligence to inclusion of funds in Top 3 Insurance wrappers/Institutional platforms.
The pioneer of Non-Resident Indian Banking, Citibank NRI Business caters to the needs of over one hundred thousand customers worldwide at over 40 centers across the globe, managing assets of over $4.5 billion.
Provided responsive and competent support to the customers in the areas of mutual funds, fixed income securities, life insurance, systematic investment plan, treasury products, time deposits and NRA.
Evaluated the customers risk profile and recommended them for investment strategy.
Established new network channels with NRI of Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia to extend the customer base.
Developed new customer base with minimum relationship value of $ 100,000 at Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
HSBC Bank offers a comprehensive suite of world-class products and services to its corporate and commercial banking clients as also to a fast growing personal banking customer base.
Responsible for marketing the home loan products and mortgage loans to the individuals and corporate clients.
Maintained relationship with developers and real estate brokers to generate the business revenue.
Master’s Degree in Management Studies, PIMSR, Mumbai University, Mumbai, 2004.
Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce, Mumbai University, Mumbai, 2001.*Advised leading corporates and financial institutions on their capital raising needs through equity, Debt, and hybrid instruments.
*Acted as paying agent and bank trustee on major corporate and institutional deals including medium term notes issuance.
*Facilitated and structured collateralized loans for major institutions.
*Acted as advisor on regional trade finance deals particularly commodity related ones.
Specific focus on promoting BNY Mellon’s Asset Management Boutiques in the region specifically with the official Institutions and family offices.
*Developed long term and short term funding solutions for key clients in the region.
*Cultivated additional AUM of $28B with official institutions in a variety of strategies; index, active, alternative, and real estate.
Advised private banks on their product offering with tailor made products and services from BNY Mellon’s asset management and custody group.
Excellent working relationship with heads of treasury and CFOs in the region providing them with short term funding and cash management solutions.
*Forged asset management distribution relationships in KSA, Qatar, and Bahrain that resulted in an annual revenue exceeding $2 million.
*Managed the overall relationship with largest sovereign wealth funds, banks, and investment companies.
*Institutional brokerage sales to SWF in the region that have resulted in $8 Billion + in new ETF execution.
*Initiated relationships with several high profile regional banks, SWF, and investment companies that resulted in multi-product relationships worth over $6.5MM in new revenue *Devised a strategy for cross listing of Saudi securities in a form of a DR in alliance with a local KSA based investment bank.
*Managed and expanded current transactional banking relationships in the region:.
*Assisted in the entire sales process for Eagle Investment Systems for official institutions in Qatar and KSA that resulted in $3.5MM annual revenue.
Pershing LLC. (Subsidiary of Bank of New York Mellon) Jersey City, New Jersey,.
USA: Sales/Relationship Director and Regional Business Development Manager for Middle-East, Africa, Turkey and Greece.
*Managed the overall relationship with over 26 high profile Banks, Brokerage firms, and family offices that generated over $16 Million in annual revenue.
Added $12 Million in new revenue through signing up new relationships and opening new markets.
Worked closely with several bank owned GCC brokerage companies and assisted them with their operations setup, risk and compliance approach, product offering, and hiring of key personnel.
Handled contract and pricing negotiations while overseeing and ensuring the client onboarding process.
Increased customer base from an initial 3 institutions in 2000 to 26 in 2007.
Customers and extensive contacts in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, Oman,.
Led and coordinated the global expansion for Pershing in the region: Sales, Contract/Pricing negotiation, Conversion, Connectivity, on-line site development, and training.
Managed and sold global execution service, clearing, custody, global markets, capital markets, financing, and asset management products and services.
Assisted regional private banks and investment companies in setting up a white labeled separately managed account platform.
Member of the Enhanced Due Diligence Committee that was responsible for approving new relationships and reviewing existing relationship to be in compliance with global regulations.
Citibank International Private Bank, New York- New York: Relationship Manager * Actively managed and cultivated over 150 affluent clients relationships with total assets exceeding $120 million with average revenue of $2.4MM per annum.
Traded equities, fixed income, options, complex option strategies, precious metals, and cash management tools for HNW individuals.
Applied portfolio management techniques and asset allocation strategies with periodic rebalancing.
Westview Capital Advisors, New York, NY and Dubai: Principal.
Representing asset managers and private equity firms while spearheading their fund raising efforts in the GCC region: KSA, UAE, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar, Azerbaijan, and Turkey.
Sourcing and structuring real estate investments for HNW individuals and institutional investors.
Experience in structuring tax efficient vehicle and working with attorneys, tax advisors, and administrators for UK, European, and US deals.
Experience in core, core-plus, value add and development opportunities.
Extensive network of private equity real estate manager, direct managers, co-investors, and developers in the UK, Germany, and US.
Sourced private equity funds in real estate, senior debt, and Mezzanine financing.
Access to off market deals through a network of experienced providers specifically in Germany and the UK.
Experience in structuring debt for transactions done in the UK, Germany, and the US.
Structuring a significant purchase in the NYC for a GCC sovereign.
Facilitated the sale of a land mark building in NYC “One Wall Street” to a consortium of Qatari investors.
Member of the advisory board for CLOSIR, an investor relations platform that is improving the communication and accessibility between investors and companies based in emerging and frontier markets.
Bank of New York Mellon, Dubai, UAE: Managing Director and Country Manager *Represented BNY Mellon’s asset management products and services with a specific focus on Private Equity real estate and Mezzanine investment opportunities.
*Assisted, coordinated, and joined 20-20 Investment Association trip to the region. 20-20 Investment Association is a group of the world's most prestigious and economically powerful institutional investors who together represent over $8 trillion in investment capital *Extensive interaction and dialogue with regional regulators regarding new product launches, financial solutions, and keeping abreast/complying with local requirements.
*Oversaw global custody relationships in excess of $137 Billion in assets with a focus on growing the AUC while cross selling Investment management products and services *Added over $10 million in additional annual revenue from correspondent banking and trade finance relationships.
Added Over $8MM in annual revenue from new FX relationships: QNB, AUB, and NCB to mention a few.
Priced, re-priced, and negotiated cash & Trade contracts with strategic relationships in the Middle East including QNB, NCB, Riyad Bank, and NBB to mention a few *Conducted on-site visited with Credit and Compliance manager to the regional bank *Assisted our credit group in their analysis and understanding of central bank support and ownership structure for certain banks in the region.
Coordinated closely with compliance in London and NYC in order to get them.
comfortable from an AML and KYC perspective with these new and existing relationships.
*Close relationship with banks’ treasuries assisting them with their liquidity needs.
*Responsibilities included the promotion of all BNY Mellon products and services with focus on managing risk/returns and country credit limits.
Merrill Lynch International, Beirut-Lebanon: Senior Support Officer.
Supported senior VP on the creation and implementation of investment strategies.
Serviced existing accounts including small institutional banks and companies.
Fidelity Investment, Dallas-Texas: Senior Financial Representative.
*Traded for Fidelity’s highest net worth individuals: Equity, Fixed Income, and Options.
Responsibilities included trading for Institutional clients based in the USA* Completed Fidelity’s management trainee program.
J. Gregory and Company, Tampa-Florida: Financial Consultant.
*Assisted senior trader on maintaining equity positions and settling trades for the Firm’s account.
The Wharton School, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Securities Industry Institute Certificate, 2005.
American Graduate School of International Management (Thunderbird), Glendale,.
University of Tampa, Tampa, Florida: Masters of Business Administration, 1990.
Graduate Assistant to the MBA Director at the University of Tampa.
American University of Beirut and University of Tampa, Bachelors of Business Administration, 1988.
Native in Arabic, Fluent in English, and Proficient in French.
Arab Bankers Association of North America, Saudi American Business Council, USATreasury/FATF Outreach round table, founding member for the Doha Bankers’ Breakfast, and Middle East Investor Relationship Society (MEIRS).Dubai - United Arab Emirates - PO Box 119930 - nader.boustany@gmail.com +971 52 942 1618.
Highly motivated and well connected Business Development Manager.
Rigid 7-year experience in the financial and investment banking industry.
MENA equity capital and debt markets specialist with deep industry knowledge.
Key member of the Business Development team contributing to the growth of all business units (Investment Banking – Asset Management – Private Equity – Direct Investments – Capital Markets).
Creating, managing and nurturing new relationships with HNWIs and top tier institutions in the MENA region.
Achieving cross-selling targets across all respective business lines (Generated AED 150 Mn in Assets Under Management through investment accounts and public funds).
Negotiating and conducting deal agreements with institutions mainly in the Real Estate, Healthcare, Education and Financial sectors – effectively originated by and sell side mandates across the board.
Successfully pitched and raised capital to place IPOs, Sukuks, bonds and private deals across the region – solely managed to raise c. AED 100 Mn through roadshows and adhoc transaction placements.
Institutional Book worth over AED 1.5 Bn – HNI Book worth over AED 500 Mn.
Launched financial intelligence platform for investment bankers and asset managers - www.decypha.com.
Meeting sales revenues alongside company financial objectives | Overachieved sales quota by 35% to generate AED 750k in revenues.
Responsible for heading up expansion in new markets as well as continued expansion among existing clients.
Overseeing content and product development to meet client requirements.
Create, negotiate and execute commercial agreements with partners and resellers in North Africa.
Responsible for flagship financial platform sales & MENA companies and projects database streamline.
Met with more than 50 potential clients on a monthly basis across GCC countries.
Collaborated with product managers to co-pitch on customized enterprise solutions.
Maximized the potential offerings of the Zawya Financial Services Department by engaging in market, customer and product research and analysis.
Analyzed various information sources in order to create new online products and enhancements.
Collaborated with content team to engage them on transforming data to intelligence.
Coordinate with and assisted senior management on overall company strategy and innovation models.
Empowered professionals with the means to identify, monitor, and assess investment opportunities in the MENA public capital markets.
Researched the Funds Industry across the MENA region to compose industry reports and articles.
Promoted transparency and compliance across the funds industry by networking and community building.
Maintained a unique funds rankings system and ranked mutual funds on a quarterly basis.
Constantly achieved targets to be promoted through analyst grades.
Faculty of Business Administration and Economics: Bachelor’s Degree in Banking and Finance.
Have financed 100% of all college expenses through savings, work – study grants, and scholarships.
Co-founded and launched an advertising and graphic design firm with a new edge where projects are backed by marketing, business and financial studies.
Consulted with institutional clients and department heads to define their needs and problems, conducted research and gathered information • Generated over USD 50 K in turnover YoY.
•  GCC Equity Funds & Economic Fundamentals (Dec-11) •  Higher competitiveness and diversified economy help UAE funds restrict losses (Sep-11).
Languages: English and French (spoken and written fluently), Arabic (native language).
Operating systems: Windows XX, MAC OSX, Linux (Open source).
Software: Proficient in Microsoft Office applications, SPSS, Google Apps & Analytics, Meta Trader, TR Eikon, Bloomberg Terminal, Salesforce.Focus of Interest: Asset Management/ Private Equity/ Business Development/ Institutional Sales.
DIRECTOR / PARTNER / STRATEGY HEAD – seeking a leadership position which combines an All American education, work experience and corporate skills with a competitive drive and in depth knowledge of EMEA investment market culture and very deep Asian roots.
Accomplished -- highly results-driven, with extensive years of progressive experience and extraordinary success. Exhibited career-long track record of proactive leadership in developing strategic visions and delivering results. A creative strategizer with the ability to communicate effectively across management levels, geographies & disciplines.
Personally known to Banks, Sovereign, Corporations, Pensions in Middle East and Across Asia.
Successfully helped in Raising 6 Alternative Asset funds in the last eight years.
Fixed Income in Real Estate, Life Sciences, 2 in Infrastructure and 2 in Real Estate.
A contributor in generating a weighted average IRR of 74% and multiple of invested capital of 4.8 by performing as a member of the Investment Committee that approved investments.
Served as an operating member of deal teams in providing operating perspective and assessment of management, business plans, management process & value.
Initiated a formalized strategic planning process to establish core values and brand promise while assuming responsibility in managing post-acquisition value-add which included strategic planning & assessment.
Assisted advisors and shareholders in restructuring and redefining business strategy and model.
Assisted advisors and shareholders in restructuring and redefining business strategy/model.
Formed and supervised 2 separate teams in 2 separate organizations that represented more than 43 aggregate years of private equity investing experience.
Executed cross-functional management process and culture that decreased cost, improved capacity and provided business continuity.
Global Head of Distribution, CEO (mena)                (Oct. 2014 – Present).
Set up a team that has complete responsibility for raising a total of over a U$1bn over a period of 3 years for 4 affiliates that are sponsored internal funds; 3 finished and 1 ongoing.  Religare Global Asset Management (RGAM) is a multi-boutique asset management platform focused on alternatives. The RGAM operating philosophy is to partner with best breed of asset managers (Affiliates) in various alternative asset classes. RGAM also builds out organic ventures with distinctive capabilities. With a presence across the US and Asia; an aggregate AUM of USD $20bn (31st December 2015), RGAM has emerged as a significant asset management platform.
Placed (RCOF) Religare Credit Advisors a 3 year close ended direct lending fixed income fund raised to U$90million in the third quarter of 2015.
Helped complete second round Quadria Capital in the second quarter of 2015 (a U$330million growth capital fund investing in South Asia in life sciences).
Helped raise U$150million for Northgate Capita (an affiliated owned by RGAM) first Venture Capital Fund of Funds in record 3 months in primarily China.
Chief Marketing Officer & Head of Business Development                          (Jan. 2010 – Sept, 2014).
Headed a team responsible for raising a total of U$600mn over a period of 4years for 3 fully deployed Group funds. IL&FS Investment Managers Limited (IIML) is one of the oldest and largest private equity fund managers in South Asia, with over U$3.2bn under management. Investors to IIML-managed Funds include most of the major Indian Banks & Institutions, and marquee Global Institutional Investors including major U.S. Pension Funds, Endowments and Foundations. IIML is listed on the National Stock Exchange & Bombay Exchange.
Placed Souq (IISF) a U$290mn fund investing in the MENA region in Infrastructure projects in a mezzanine structure – in the fourth quarter of 2014.
Raised DCL U$110million through April’12. The fund was fully deployed successfully in 1year. Dia Capital returned an IRR of 32% in its first year.
Undeviating Responsibility for Corporate Affairs & Strategic Planning, Investment & Committee Recommendations, Management of Investor Relations and Investments.
Joined Kotak to enhance its global reach and promote its cross border business. Created and Headed the Global Markets Team with an approach that gave it the competitive edge to generate valueadded tools and structure state-of-the-art deals through M&A, PE and Capital Market Transactions. Provided a full range of financial advisory services for mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, and leveraged buyouts; Lead Originator for 2008.
Advised Mahindra &Mahindra in buying a 67.9% stake in JECO Holding AG of Germany. This acquisition worth Euro140mn was the largest outbound auto parts acquisition in the world at the time.
Raised MPC-Syn in 2008&2009 a U$270mn, retail real estate fund from a record single investor for IL&FS Investment Managers Limited (IIML). MPSy an in-house portfolio fund investing into 3 retail Real Estate Companies for their 17 projects – Panning India.
Played a key pricing, marketing and placement role in the successful IPO of South India’s largest Real Estate Co. in 2007.
ROBERT FLEMING Co. (Acquired and merged with JP Morgan Chase 1999)                               New York.
Senior Member and Team Leader on the Global M&A Transaction side. Responsible for client development and deal transaction on buy side advisory assignments, sale mandates, spin offs or split offs; engaged an executive team of 6 for performing various functions across the board. The origination team was the leader for the firm in 2004 and 2005 for Non Japan Asia and Europe. Collaborated to develop and execute transactions tailored to the marketplace and for each client.
The methodology generated deals consistently to outperform in the aftermarket.
Advised and played an essential origination role on the US$2.55bn Reliance Energy.
(Texas), the world’s largest privately financed pipeline in operation.
Advised GE Capital Real Estate on the divestiture of Security Capital Research &.
Management Inc(“SCR&M”),(an institutional Real Estate Manager) to Bank One Corp •  Advised the Rockefeller Group in its acquisition of CommonWealth Partners LLC, a                        private equity real estate investment manager.
COMMERCE BANK (summer training program)                New York (May 1995 – Aug. 1995) Working of Foreign Exchange Treasury and the Scope of Middle Markets.
Actively donate time & efforts on various philanthropic endeavors in their own right.January 2013 – August 2015 - Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from University at Buffalo, Singapore Institute of Management.
August 2008 – May 2012 - IGCSE and the IB Diploma from St. Andrews International School of Bangkok.
Excelled in Basic Statistics for Social Sciences and Interpersonal Communication Skills.
Pursuing Managing Fashion and Luxury Companies and Digital Marketing course via Coursera.
Internship - August – December 2012 Assisted students with Graphic Design Projects, Translation of materials from English to Thai during seminars, Administrative work.
Client Service Associate – September 2015 – Ongoing To provide post-sales customer service support / troubleshooting support through email/phone/chat to the client’s B2B customers. Support advertising customers and deliver consultative support. Perform data analysis to improve advertising customer experience. Gather client and partner feedback to enhance ad products and customer experience. Building a database providing a one stop solution for advertisers.
2011 - Habitat for Humanity in Lampang, Thailand – Volunteered to assist in building houses for the underprivileged. A group of 10 volunteers from diverse backgrounds came together and finished building an entire house within a week.
2010 - 2011 - EDF (Education Development Foundation) - Assisted in building houses, taught English to children and worked with residents of the area to enhance their community.
Strong interpersonal skills, team player skills and organizational skills, alongside the ability to learn fast and articulate well, and the drive to contribute positively to all the projects I am involved with.Jun 15 – Jul 2016 Lebanon and Gulf bank (LGB bank)         UAE   Business Development Manager.
Research, identify and build a data base of UAE and GCC institutional and HNWI prospects.
Introduced the bank to various institutions and High Networth Individuals in the GCC region.
Initiated contact with leading institutions for strategic partnerships.
Corporate banking: Originate and develop relationships for trade finance, loans and credit applications across the GCC.
Connected with the DIFC and related consultants with regards to getting a Cat 1 license and set up a wealth management platform.
Promote and increase awareness of the bank across the GCC in general and the UAE in particular.
Manage the sales effort and raise funds for the Bank’s various products and services.
Identify and engage with prospects for strategic partnerships.
Sep 08 – Apr 15 The National Investor (TNI)          UAE   Senior Vice President - Institutional Sales and Business Development.
Fundraised for the AM and PE products and placed deals for the Investment Banking division, in addition to closing tailored discretionary mandates for institutions with specific requirements (shariah compliant, multi asset class, balanced, regional, dividend payout ….).
Focused sales and marketing activities on TNI’s core prospects, ie, UAE HNWI, Institutions,  Family offices, Insurance companies, pension funds and Banks, maintain relationships with existing clients and develop relationships across the GCC (mainly UAE, KSA, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman), Europe (mainly UK, Switzerland and Nordic countries), Asia (mainly Japan and Asia–Pacific region) as well as the Levant area.
Successfully researched, screened and signed up placement agents in the GCC, UK, Switzerland and Japan for introduction as well as distribution of TNI AM products and services.
Signed agreements with major GCC banks and European institutions for the distribution of TNI funds on their Private banking / Wealth management and fund platforms.
Raised funds from local, regional as well as European institutions, comprising insurance companies, pension funds, family offices, fund of funds and endowments, in spite of the difficult Global economic situation.
Planned and executed Road Shows throughout MENA, Europe and Japan.
Put TNI on the radar of major GCC, Levant, European and Asian Financial Institutions and successfully promoted TNI asset management and Private equity capabilities and Funds in MENA, Europe and Asia.
Represented the Asset Management Group (AMG) in the committee for the upgrade of the Dubai Office’s DFSA license to Category III. This involved coordinating with respective departments (Investment Management team, Legal, compliance and Operations) for the preparation of DFSA requirements in terms of AMG Business Plan, Operating Procedures’ Manual, Service Level Agreements …).
Set up and draft function definition for the creation of a Business Support, Client Relationship Management and Client Services unit. This involves dedicated client relationship manager to cater to clients’ needs and requirements in addition to systematic weekly / monthly reporting.
Headed the committee for set up and launch of new funds. This involved, besides the coordination with all departments within TNI, researching and choosing the most suitable jurisdiction for Fund domiciliation, deciding on proper fund structure, sending out RFPs and negotiating with leading Global Custodians / Administrators / Auditors / Law Firms / Fiduciary oversight agents.  As a result, TNI was recognized as a fund promoter and manager by the Irish regulator and was the first Abu Dhabi based company to launch a UCITS fund out of Dublin.
Maintain, Manage and Expand business relationships with existing clients.
Screen and appoint distributors, placement agents and third party marketers.
Identify TNI AM’s product needs, up-grade and development requirements, and closely work with the Head of the division to bring TNI AM up to international standards in terms of team and offering structures.
Research Regional and Global trends with regards to type of offering requirements and choice of jurisdictions.
Research, Prospect and Establish contact with major Regional and Foreign Institutions including Asset / Investment / Wealth Management companies, Private equity firms, Financial advisers, Private Banks, Insurance companies, Pension Funds, Family offices and HNWI.
Retain existing assets, and Increase new assets under management.
Monitor and Assess Regional as well as Global competitors’ product structures & performance in order to strategically position the company’s products in terms of competitive and structural advantage.
Monitor clients’ product preferences and assess their investment mandates.
Liaise with different departments (business support, client services, investment group, middle office, legal) on different projects, Due Diligence Questionnaires, proposals ….
2007 – 2008        Assistant Vice President – Institutional Sales, Asia, GCC & Japan.
Built strong relationships with major financial institutions in the Far East (particularly in Japan) and in the GCC region (particularly in the UAE).
Successfully raised funds from local, regional and Japanese institutions for existing funds and discretionary mandates.
Initiated and closed several investment management mandates.
Managed, maintained and expanded business relationships with existing clients.
Prepared and executed a sales strategy for the assigned territory.
Monitor and assess regional and global competitors’ products and performance in order to strategically position the company’s products.
Monitor clients’ product preferences and assess their investment mandates.
Research, Prospect and Establish contact with major Far Eastern (mainly Japanese) institutions including Asset / Investment Management companies, Wealth Management companies, Financial advisers, Private Banking, Life Insurance companies, Corporate Pension Funds, Securities companies, in addition to Arab / Regional institutions and HNWI.
Retain existing assets, and Increase new assets under management.
Manage, Maintain and Expand business relationships with existing clients.
Prepare and Execute a sales plan for the assigned territory.
Monitor and Assess Regional as well as Global competitors’ product structures & performance in order to strategically position the company’s products in terms of competitive and structural advantage.
Monitor clients’ product preferences and assess their investment mandates.
Liaise with different departments (business support, client services, investment group, middle office, legal) on different projects, Due Diligence Questionnaires, proposals ….
Attended several training seminars on Presentation, Sales and Communication skills.
Candidate for the Securities & Investment Institute’s International Certificate in Financial Advice.
Sumisatt International FZCO - A subsidiary of Sumitomo Corporation  UAE.
Managing the business operations, administration and personnel.
Placing orders with suppliers based on analysis of market demand forecasts, penetration, competition, as well as short and medium term political and economic stability of each target market respectively, and stock analysis.
Negotiating with both clients and suppliers with respect to orders, prices, deliveries and other, in order to maintain a balanced and healthy relationship among parties concerned.
Dealing with shipping and forwarding companies, as well as with Port and Customs Authority.
Negotiating rates for handling, transportation and shipping.
Supervising all bank related matters (L/Cs, L/Gs, transfers, payments, discounts) to maintain a healthy cash flow, taking into account a well determined and acceptable risk exposure per customer/bank/country.
Issuing invoices and shipping documents (with my signature being acknowledged at the Jebel Ali Chamber of Commerce, the Jebel Ali Free Zone Authority, as well as the Dubai Customs Authority.)  Issue monthly liquidity and cash flow reports, among other operations reports.
Negotiating with banks better discount rates, confirmation charges, and bank charges.
Maintaining a positive environment in the office, and externally with our business counterparts.
May 2005: Under Sumitomo Corporation’s Management Development Program, completed an Educasia (Cardean University) On-line course in “Strategic Management: Competitive Advantage and Strategic.
July 2005: Under Sumitomo Corporation’s Management Development Program, attended a 3 week intensive training program in Japan in the following:.
November 2006: Attended a training seminar in Dubai (Sumitomo Corporation, Dubai Liaison Office) in Credit Control & Management, and in Risk Management.
Generations Group was at the time a newly established General Trading company.
I was in charge of identifying market niches and demand in the Far East for any product Generations Group could export from Lebanon and/or surrounding countries (Syria, Jordan, and Egypt).
Established contact with various companies who were interested in specific products such as, Olives, olive oil, olive oil soaps, honey, dead sea products (skin care), as well as other products especially organic.
The main task of this company was to facilitate and complement the marketing and sales operation of its Lebanese Counter-part and to ensure smooth contact and follow up with our business partners in Japan.
With Lebanon newly emerging from the war, Sumitomo Corporation saw many business opportunities in this country, and its business involvement was perceived on many levels.
Personally I was involved in all aspects of managing the office (administration, management, personnel,…), and was in charge of running the business department which included:.
Regular commercial trading and marketing of various products, systems, and commodities. (Trucks & Motor Vehicles, Telecommunication, Broadcast, Steel, Tires, Foodstuff, and many other).
Government projects such as water supply, waste water treatment, telecommunications (various), solid waste, and other.
Public / private tenders in various categories such as motor vehicles, telecommunications, broadcast, construction, steel,..
Forming of international and local consortiums for specific projects.
Arranging of financing from Japanese governmental and non-governmental financial institutions.
Initiate, plan, and execute Japanese Government Grant Projects under the Japanese Foreign Ministry’s guidelines and while coordinating with the Lebanese corresponding Authorities. (Ministry of Culture, Ministry of Education, Department of Archeology,…).
Coordinate with different Ministries, the Japanese Embassy in Lebanon, and Japanese Economic & Business Development Agencies (JICA, JETRO).
Attended several management training courses as well as sales and marketing courses in Japan, Singapore, Egypt, Bahrain, Lebanon,….
Arab Telecommunications is local representative for various Japanese telecom and electronics brands such as Japan Radio Co., Kokusai Electric Co., and other.
In addition to our local commercial business, I was in charge of:.
Keeping them up-to-date with our marketing and sales activities and strategies vis-à-vis the local market and our/their competitors’ activities.
Coordinating sales policies and marketing strategies with our suppliers and partners, especially in times of launching new products.
Attended training courses on specific products in Lebanon and in Japan.
1992-1993 Completed most MBA courses (except for 2 courses). The reason for not completing the MBA was taking up the job with Sumitomo Corporation which entailed full time concentration and constant traveling.
1991-1992  Completed all Business pre-requisite courses for the MBA. These include all Major courses for BS Management.Institutional Sales and Channel Management professional, with over 12 years’ experience in Financial Services Industry; managing key stakeholders in all the following areas:.
■ Revenue Generation  ■ Regional P&L Responsibilities  ■ Product Development.
■ Investment Placement  ■ Executive Presentations  ■ Risk/Scenario Analysis ■ Fund Marketing  ■ Private Banking  ■ Asset Allocation.
Vice President- Distribution and Institutional Sales                                                           Sep 2010 – Till present Kotak Mahindra (UK) Limited, Dubai, UAE.
International subsidiary of India’s financial conglomerate, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.; Provides India-Centric asset management services and institutional structures to overseas investors seeking to invest in India.
Responsible for developing and implementing sales strategy and tactical business plan for raising incremental assets  and brokerage revenue from the Middle East and Africa region.
Building and developing relationships with Sovereigns, pension funds, private banks, fund platforms, institutions and family offices across the geographical region to identify business opportunities.
Retaining and expanding revenue streams whilst ensuring delivery against agreed business plans for the client and product.
Identify and acquire new clients and work closely with other departments while focusing on institutional mandates and distribution strategy.
Building a wide distribution network across the region for the full range of investment, broking and structured products offered by KMUK.
Closely involved in structuring of investment vehicles/ products, and raising assets for Fixed Maturity Plans and Leveraged Fixed Maturity Plans.
Continue to leverage extensive wealth management experience by providing guidance to Africa Based UHNW investors and assist in underwriting new product ideas.
Complying with regulatory requirements of DFSA, FCA and SEBI.
Consistently raising more than USD 100 million of assets under management year on year, across debt and equity funds and generating revenues in excess of USD 2 million per year.
Expanded KMUK’s market penetration in Kenya and Mauritius, promoting the brand and investment strategy beyond its traditional markets.
Won Equity and Debt Mandates from African Institutions and UHNWs.   Successfully launched and raised assets in customized debt funds.
One of the largest asset management companies of India, part of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group.
Responsible for business development for all lines of business-both Institutional & Individual - through Intermediaries in UAE, Bahrain and Kuwait.
Interface with the Distributors & developed short to long term strategies to ensure market share & growth in the assigned market.
Identified strategic partnerships, planned  strategic brand-building events and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.
Generated business development awareness by implementing in-depth sales and marketing training programs to expand the product penetration.
Trained and developed the intermediary sales force in investment related issues resulting in new business in first year and consistent growth in subsequent year.
Developed and implemented strategy for Banking Channels, Brokers & Consultants and involved various internal support departments for change management.
Achieved a turnaround increase in local Assets under Management (AUM) by more than 150 % (From US$ 30 Mn to US$ 75 Mn) within a 1.5-year span.
Developed and implemented a targeted marketing program focused on NRI  investors with established allocations to the event driven sector for the purpose of diversifying the investor base away from “hot money” investors.
Conceived and implemented pioneering strategies in fortifying distribution relationships; spearheaded individualized trainings of 50 channel partners and organized roadshow attended by more than 300 key distributors/channel partners.
Garnered more than USD 20 million in new fund offer of Reliance Emergent India Fund in April-May 2010.
Amongst the largest banks of India with key focus on wholesale banking, retail banking and treasury services.
Promoted to level of Unit Manager in Feb 08 from Relationship Manager to achieve sales objectives by implementing Sales strategy: Recruit, Supervise and lead a team of  RMs.
Directed a team of 6 Relationship Managers to forecast and set sales goals. Provided focus on the individual skills and needs of each Relationship Manager, while executing an individual strategy for each.
As one of the first recruit for the JV of Bank Muscat and Erstwhile Centurion Bank of Punjab, spearheaded the launch of premium segment NRI (Non-Resident Indian) Services in Dubai.
Conceptualized and implemented marketing strategies with a view to penetrate market, new accounts acquisitions & business expansion with wide range of financial products / services.
Identified specialized customer segments (High Net worth Doctors, Media Professionals, Interior Decorators and the likes) and pioneered customized promotions and referral process to rapidly capture market share in these niches’.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.
Managed a $ 50+ Million book of about 100 clients, providing a spectrum of financial products & services – Deposits, Managed accounts, private equity, fixed income & equities included.
As a Unit Manager achieved record average revenue of US$ 20,000 per Relationship Manager for the quarter.
Amongst the top Relationship Manager in the Bank under Mutual Fund Sales category (FY 07).
Closed a record number of Portfolio Management Services (PMS) deals within a 6-month span resulting in US$ 15 Mn fund allocation.
Country’s largest international bank with 99 branches in 42 cities.
Handled Investment portfolios of 160 HNI clients while selecting and maintaining superior investment portfolios.  Monitored clients’ portfolio performance, conducted profitability analysis, rendered sustained advisory services for securing high ROI and increasing retention levels.
Took adequate measures to ensure optimum utilization of surplus funds of HNIs towards the accomplishment of revenue and profitability targets.
Managed customer centric operations & ensured customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
Incubated, as a self-starter, Independent Wealth Management Consultancy specializing in the provision of distribution services to Wealth Management, Asset Protection and Investment Management Companies.
Managed more than 50 HNI (High Net worth Individual) Client Relationships with Assets under Management (AUM) in excess of US$ 15 Mn and promoted financial planning services w.r.t. investments across various asset classes.
Paper Trading Company having operations in Northern and Central India.
Conducted sales analysis, channel management and controlled back up/sale or return orders.
Increased operational efficiency by 15% with annual recurring costs savings in excess of USD 70,000 by implementing ABC method of analysis for streamlining the supply chain.
Generated revenues in excess of USD 120,000 by locating and establishing relationships with 20+ enterprises pan-India.Responsibilities include networking with new and existing clients across APAC, planning and building  a sales pipeline, planning and management of events, writing and developing internal and external material for marketing and external communication purposes. Research into competitors and preparing analysis and reports. Knowledge and handling of AML and KYC.
Market Entry planning into Asia for a Luxury Consumer goods company related. My responsibilities was to plan and execute the marketing and business development strategy for market entry into initially Hong Kong and across APAC. I was brought into the company to launch the product which included writing and planning digital content, Agency Management and management of marketing team, planning and installing window and retail displays. Production of trade and consumer events. Communication of brand messaging from a corporate level down to consumers and channel partners. Producing and presenting pitches to existing and new clients  Reason for Leaving: Contract ended.
Event Management company, heading up the Event production and overseeing the relationship building and commercial responsibilities. Looking at external communications, building presentations and pitches. Meeting with clients and scoping out new clients. Growing existing client accounts and  managing contractual obligations of partners. Building a pipeline of clients.  Reason for Leaving: Relocated back to Hong.
Legal research and assistance with knowhow and special duties to projects and Disputes team. Reason for Leaving: Team relocated back to.
Looking after different beauty counters in retail stores. Duties included looking after staff training, new product launches, operations of different counters, messaging, marketing, Event management, and full commercial responsibility of the counters. Full time employment whilst in Law school to build up commercial experience.Master of Science in Finance (International Program)  Concentration in Financial Engineering.
Bachelor of Arts in Economics (Major in International Economics with Minor in Finance).
 Completed Securities Analyst Development Program held by Thailand Securities Analyst Association in May 2006.
BUALUANG SECURITIES PLC – Bangkok, Thailand  Jan 2012 – Mar 2014.
Recommended investment ideas in Thai stocks market for Institutional clients. Managed key accounts included topfive largest AUMs Thai Asset Management Companies, Global Top-50 AUMs hedged funds and Private funds. Ranked in Tier 1 for most of local client’s broker ranking resulted in high commission revenue generated.
Key sales contact for Morgan Stanley International (Bualuang Securities’s partner). Facilitated and accompanied top Thai Corporates executives joining Morgan Stanley Corporate Roadshow in HK and Singapore.
Pitched new IPOs and Private Placements. IPO included Thai-Re Life Assurance Plc, CK Power Plc, PCSGH Plc, One-toOne Contact Center Plc etc. Placements included Shin Corp Plc, SAMART Plc, BEC Plc, Central Pattana Plc etc.
Backed-up of Sales Trader, Handling both cash and program trading.
CIMB SECURITIES LIMITED – Bangkok, Thailand  Nov 2010 – Oct 2011.
Dealing and Supervising Executions. Liaised with Institutional buy-side traders to ensure best executions and smooth transaction processes. Provided daily market previews, relevant news headlines as well as the likely impact they would have on the market and stock movements. Book-building IPOs and Placements.
Recommended investment and trade strategies such as long/short, pair switching, short-selling etc.
Penetrated and commenced dealing several accounts such as top US Investment Banks, top global long-only funds and hedged funds. Generated more than US$2 million within six months from penetrating inactive and new clients.
MFC Asset Management Plc – Bangkok, Thailand  Oct 2009 – Oct 2010.
Assistant Fund Manager, Global Fixed Income Division, Investment Department  Explored new product opportunities.
Launched new fixed income fund and was a key person for the entire fund set-up process from obtaining internal investment approval, SEC filing, marketing roadshows, reviewing ISDA agreement, custodian and swap counterparty selection, dealing and execution, settlements, FX hedging and cash management. Resulted in the successfully launched series of MFC Korean Bond Funds, MFC Stable Income Funds, MFC six-month rolls over funds totaled more than US$300 M initial fund raised.
In charged for off-shore products selection, dealing and execution for off-shore private funds.
PrimaVest Asset Management – Bangkok, Thailand  Jan 2008 – Oct 2009.
Company was taken over by Krungsri Asset Management in Oct 2009 in which I was laid off.
Assistant Fund Manager, Fixed Income Division, Investment Department.
Explored new product opportunities and involved in the entire mutual fund set-up process – Resulted in successfully launched of PrimaVest 3-month and 6-month roll-over funds and Deutsche Bank oil funds.
Worked closely with selling agents such as Bank of Ayuddhaya, Standard Chartered Private Bank, Citi Gold etc. to market newly launched funds and handling FAQ/queries.
Phatra Securities Plc – Bangkok, Thailand  Oct 2006 – Oct 2007.
Assisted Relationship Managers in providing High Net Worth Clients with wealth service – offered a broad range of investment advisory  in stocks, bonds, mutual funds, options and futures products as well as asset allocation strategy.
Pertained administrative tasks and operational matters such as account opening, KYC/CDD, AML Questionnaires, settlement confirmations, portfolio performance reports etc.
License and Exams: Registered Capital Market Investment Consultant No. 028295 issued by Thailand SEC,.
Passed Client Advisory Competency Standard (CACS) tested by IBF Singapore,.
Passed CMFAS Module M9, M9A, HI tested by Singapore College of Insurance (SCI).
Language fluency : English (IELTS overall score 7.5), Thai (Native).
Skills: Bloomberg, Reuters, DMA Trading, Fidessa software, Excel Solvers, Portfolio Management Software (Charles River, Bonanza), EVIEW, Microsoft Office, Stock and Option Valuation Techniques (DCF, Trading comps, Transaction comps, Monte-Carlo).
Work Authorization: Singapore (Singapore PR), Thailand (Citizen).Coursework: Money, Banking and Financial Markets, Macroeconomic and Microeconomic Analysis, Open Economy.
Macroeconomics, Healthcare Economics, Advanced Calculus, Social Psychology, Human Memory, Advanced Mandarin.
Wesleyan Freeman Asian Scholarship, a full four-year scholarship awarded annually to one outstanding candidate from each of eleven Asian countries on the basis of exceptional academic achievement and proven leadership skills.     2006- 2010.
Senior Associate, Business Development & Marketing,  ANDAS TELECOM                                     November 2014-Present.
Led team of 4 to build and execute USD 1M marketing campaign for Internet subscription business. Revolutionized marketing strategies, resulted in increased internet subscription by 30%.
Collaborated with the general manager in financial planning and performing revenue and cost analysis.
Founded a new business unit in IT consulting to provide technical solutions for corporate clients to maximize internet bandwidth usage. Resulted in US$ 0.5M profit.
Acquired twelve new corporate clients and formed new relationships in IT consulting services with existing clients.
Senior Associate, Derivatives Delta One Sales Trading,   MACQUARIE SECURITIES  September 2013-October 2014.
Collaborated with various stakeholders in Australia, Taiwan, USA and local regulators, Securities and Exchange Commission Thailand and Bank of Thailand to issue new financial product, Index Warrant to be listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand for the first time in Thailand’s capital market history.
Analyzed market fundamentals, and contributed trading and hedging strategies. Resulted in 10 million USD profit.
Led team of 4 to run sales and marketing campaigns with budget of US$ 0.5M to increase market share in Equity Derivatives business.
Pioneered Index Warrant market in Thailand, resulted in Macquarie’s Index Warrant market share ranked first by trading volume.
Collaborated with traders based in Singapore to execute trades and buy and sell derivative warrants.
Developed expertise in options, future products and advised clients on warrant trading based on their investment objectives.
Prime Brokerage Client Service Senior Analyst,   CREDIT SUISSE SINGAPORE    August 2012-August 2013.
Appointed to manage 25 international hedge fund accounts, based in Japan, Australia, USA and Europe.
Selected to be the first point of contact to handle clients’ queries regarding trades, asset servicing, collateral management, stock loan and asset movements.
Worked in direct partnership with stock loan traders to execute trade to cover client’s short positions.
Advised clients based on corporate actions that took place in their accounts and after their subscriptions to the initial public offerings in the primary market.
Monitored margin swing and advised clients on investment financing options in order to maximize return on capital.
Advised clients about regulatory changes in trading in international markets and forecasted future circumstances that will have an impact on their investment plans.
Business Analyst,   DEUTSCHE BANK SINGAPORE  April 2012-August 2012.
Analyzed regulatory reporting requirements for Foreign Exchange business in Singapore.
Led team of 3 to validate large pool of data to ensure accuracy and timeliness of the regulatory reports submitted to the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Led and completed a 6-month finance regulatory reporting project within 3 months, reporting foreign exchange business transactions among financial institutions who traded with Deutsche Bank.
Equities Sales Support Analyst,   GOLDMAN SACHS SINGAPORE    June 2010-Sept 2011.
In charge of cash equity single shares and program trading executions. Worked in partnership with institutional clients, hedge funds and sales traders to ensure trades were executed in the best interest of clients.
Handled clients' queries, analyzed their needs, and delivered exceptional services to maintain client relationships. Analyzed business processes and followed through on efficiency initiatives to manage high volume transactions.
Advised institutional clients and hedge funds on strategic asset allocation given their investment portfolio objectives and the capital market conditions.
Collaborated with sales to onboard 20 new clients and formed new business relationships at Prime Brokerage business.
Teacher, temples, schools in Bangkok and in the remote areas of Thailand                                               Spring 2004-Present Teach basic, conversational English, Japanese and Mandarin to Buddhist monks and elementary school students in low-income schools that lack native speaking teachers.
Fund Raiser, Fast-A-Thon, Middletown, Connecticut, United States of America                    Fall 2006-2010 Advertised a charitable event that benefits a local food bank. Persuaded Wesleyan students and faculty members to fast for one day and donate their meal costs. Collaborated with other students and raised approximately US$ 10K.
Computer: Bloomberg Terminal, Advanced Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe Professional, Mail Merge, Dreamweaver.
Languages: Fluent in English, Thai; Proficient in Japanese and Mandarin (both reading and writing) Interests: Piano, Classical Singing, Italian-Thai Cooking, Thai-boxing, Tennis, Barista, Bee Keeping.