Business Economics and Finance (Master) at Rotterdam School of Management - Erasmus University, The Netherlands, 2003.
International Management (Bachelor)  at Hogeschool van Utrecht, The Netherlands,.
Business Strategy & Change Management • Business Process Management Expert.
Continuous Improvement (BPR) • Strategy Execution & Performance Mgmt.
Program and Project Management Professional (PMP) and an expert in Business Process Management (BPM).
Operational Efficiency, Shared Service In- and Outsourcing. Laurens has Business Acumen and experience working across a multitude of industry sectors including; FMCG, Retail, Energy & Utilities, Government, Natural Resources, Banking and International Education.
During internal and external roles in Consulting and Global Leadership Roles Laurens implemented challenging and complex initiatives to deliver real business transformation, organisational change and continuous improvement. These initiatives were often to support complex change initiatives including technology implementation with tight timelines and cultural differences.
International Baccalaureate (Education provider), Singapore.
In this position, I was tasked to support the Singapore Office and IB organisation to promote Business Process Management and contribute to overall success of ongoing projects. Additionally, I was tasked to standardise current ways of working across functional domains. One of the mayor projects was an implementation of Oracle R12 and leading an initiative to bring back In-House the Finance function (AP/AR & CO) as well as recruiting a new Business Process Team globally.
Lead enterprise wide Business Process Redesign in compliance with PMP.
Lead Finance In-Sourcing for Payables and Receivables Departments.
Organize Continuous Process Improvement Program across all Business Units.
Deliver Stakeholder & Steering Committee Communications & Meetings Facilitation.
Enterprise Change Management of BAU process initiatives (sprints not projects).
Performance Management of Team & Linking Organisation Goals to Departments & Roles.
03/2013 – 09/2013 (6 months)  Dairy Farms International Regional Supply Chian & Target Operating Model Program – APAC region.
This program was a review of ERP implementations in 2 APAC countries and documentation of country processes. At the same time the goal of the project was to streamline business processes and rationalise the disparate and bespoke systems in place, providing a Target Operating Model (Buy, Move and Sell) and identifying process improvements such as SAP utilising Retail best practices.
Engagement Manager (across SAP Retail, BPM and Process Improvement work streams), responsible for:.
Identification and documentation of country processes, Problem Statement & Problem Solution regarding Demand Planning, Distribution Centre/Inventory Management, Vendor Performance Management (SAP Best Practice).
Documentation of Role-based design & actual system usage (SAP Re-documentation).
Stakeholder & Communication Management and overall Project Management.
Development of Process Commonality scorecards (Template deviation).
Business Transformation & ERP Implementation Project – Singapore  Project Description:.
This leading Singaporean Utilities company is undertaking a Business Transformation (BPR) project and introducing “new ways of working” for its Transmission and Distribution business. This covers all functional areas and processes for both Electricity and Gas. The objectives of this multi-year initiative are to establish common ways of working making use of automation, paperless and utilising the Enterprise Asset Management module & functionality.
Engagement Manager (across Gas & Electricity business for Transmission & Distribution), responsible for:.
Advice and guidance on project approach, scheduling, deliverables and project timelines and overall project progress.
Stakeholder & Change Management and Deliverables Management (quality & delivery on time).
Facilitation of key sessions/workshops with Steering Committee and Senior Stakeholders.
Management of internal and external project delivery team activities and interdependencies with ongoing projects and initiatives.
Global Alignment Project – Singapore Project Description:.
This leading FMCG is undertaking an alignment of global, regional and country process hierarchies to establish a singular global process model. The objectives of this initiative are to establish common ways of working, a single process model, enhanced reporting and reduced costs.
Management of the project delivery team (BPM for SAP deployment).
Integration of Risk Management Framework into UAPL Process Framework.
Relationship Management with global and regional stakeholders.
Project Status Reporting & Ensuring Gateway Entry and Exit Criteria were met IFOT.
Advice and guidance on impacts from the global alignment on regional and country initiatives 07/2011 – 12/2011 (6 months)  Hydro Tasmania.
ERP Implementation & Business Case – Australia Project Description:.
Supported Hydro Tasmania which is an energy generation and distribution company in undertaking a full fledge implementation of an ERP system from Business Case through RFP and ERP.
Implementation (SAP). The objective of the project phase I was engaged for was to demonstrate the business case and financial viability of the project including project costing, business benefits and Expected Value over a ten year period. Critical for this was to present a financial model which shows the different complex business scenarios when assumptions or inputs of the model are changed with a high level of detail.
Team Lead – Financial Modelling and Business Benefits, responsible for:.
Responsible for Business Case development and Financial Modelling (NPV calculation).
Finance lead during the RFP process to identify System Integrator for ERP implementation.
Benefits Identification and developing a Business Realisation Framework including Benefit Drivers, Business Change Impact & Benefit Ownership.
Business Process Management Program – APAC Project Description:.
This leading FMCG Company implemented SAP across the APAC region with in total 9 releases for more than 25 countries costing hundreds of millions of dollars in total. The objectives of our role within this program of work were to establish and maintain a central process asset including country process variants sustainably. This included creating a template for particular business operations, country variants, process governance, and change management in a collaborative manner with PMO to ensure we work in synch. The work streams involved were Process Documentation, Country Process Maintenance, Process Governance, Process Maintenance, Testing and Training. Examples of benefits delivered: Inventory/Demand Visibility, Improved In-Full-on-Time Delivery (IFOT), Reduced Inventory levels and Introduction of Purchasing/Production & Distribution Planning across Unilever One Supply Chain.
Introduction of Business Process Asset and Regional Template.
BPM Design & Introduction using Process Driven SAP Methodology (PDSAP).
Introduction and maintenance of Process Governance and Change Control (CR dashboard).
Support implementation of SAP SCM rapid deployment/SAP APO.
Change Management and Deliverables Management (quality & delivery on time).
Integration of Testing & Automatic Test Script Creation/updates using SAP Solution Manager.
Facilitation of key sessions/workshops with Steering Committee.
Coordination of delivery team activities with related projects and initiatives.
04/2009 – 09/2009 (6 months)  CPA Australia Business Process Review (CS & FS) Project – Australia  Project Description:.
This membership firm is undertaking a transformation of how they interact with their members and how they deliver accounting courses and diplomas through their existing Customer Relations Management system. The objectives of our role within this program of work were to document current state ways of working and current system usage with special detail to system requirements and improvement opportunities. This program of work required exceptional stakeholder management skills, ability to work under high pressure while at the same time being sensitive to issues between management and employees.
Change Management and Deliverables Management (documentation).
Internal communication and Business Process Management principles.
Siegwerk Asia Pacific Pte Ltd Career History 03/2008 – 11/2008 (8 months)  Siegwerk Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (Packaging Ink).
Member of APAC Finance team and reporting directly to the regional CFO.
Managing data merger project in Malaysia (Combining 2 accounting systems).
Defining and implementing of Key Performance Indicators as well as data input in close collaboration with the regional and local Supply Chain Mangers.
01/2004 – 11/2007 (3,5 years)  Arcadis Bouw & Vastgoed (Real Estate & Infrastructure) Financial Analyst – Amersfoort (The Netherlands).
Reporting directly to management on project status, results, budgets and forecasts.
Budgeting and cost management of large projects. Responsible for customer relations and financial planning of cash flow (yearly turnover in excess of € 10 M per year).
Creating project management standards such as cost-calculation systems, scheduling and tracking of business developments (order intake, work in progress, Human Resource development).
Implementation of changes such as procedures for Sarbanes-Oxley/IFRS accounting standards, responsible for preparing, organizing and supervising during audits (Span of control 80).
Processing of stock market transactions to be sent to European and American stock markets.
Customer Relations: interaction with customers on order status or newly introduced products and services.
DTB Career History 09/1998 – 03/1999 (6 months)  Direct Toepasbare Bestuurskunde.
This was an internship to my Bachelor International Management – one of the 2 internships needed to have the profile for preparation for the job market and be hands-on. During my internship I completed Business Plans from start to finish for 2 medium sized organisations. One company was an electro technical service company while the other was an FMCG company manufacturing bakery products.
Internship at the Dutch Centre for Business Planning (DTB).
Internal training of all material used by DTB and assisting with informational courses.
Business Development: working closely with management teams to draw up 3 year business plans for 2 organisations & facilitation of workshops/training sessions.
RSM Erasmus University Rotterdam (09/2000-09/2003)  Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
Master of Science (Faculty of Economics and Business Economics).
Core subjects: Business Valuation, Finance, Risk Management, Micro- & Macroeconomics, Accounting, Fiscal Economics, Finance & Investments, Statistics and Research Methods & Techniques.
Additional subjects: Organisation Management and Organisational Structure, Commercial Policy and Strategy, Business Administration, Management Accounting and Financial Accounting.
Thesis “Private Company Discount and valuing privately held companies” completed in 2007.
College of Utrecht (09/1995-09/1999)        Utrecht, the Netherlands.
Majors: International Management and Commercial Economics.
Core subjects: Commercial Economics, Marketing Research, and Export Management.
Additional subjects: General Economics, Statistics, Business Organisation, Business.
Administration, European Business Education, Sociology, Communication, English, German and Spanish.
ARIS & BPM tools:  Full comprehension & Lean Six Sigma Certified (IASSC).
Arcadis Bouw & Vastgoed (Real Estate & Infrastructure), The Netherlands.
Regional Supply Chian & Target Operating Model Program – APAC.
Business Transformation & ERP Implementation Project – Singapore.
Leading Global Manufacturing and Distribution Organisation (FMCG).
Leading Global Manufacturing and Distribution Organisation (FMCG).
Business Process Management & ERP Implementation Program – APAC.2016 - present  The Boston Consulting Group – 2015 MBA Internship converted to Consultant position  UK.
Insurance - subsidiary of a global property & casualty insurer.
Financial modelling: built P&L financial model to show long term impacts of multiple strategic scenarios - final model handed to CFO for ongoing strategy evaluation.
Assessed market context, defined client strategy and built target operating model.
Pricing & value proposition strategy: Built pricing model across ~6,000 SKUs including competitor analysis and competitive pricing rules in line with price elasticities  Led consumer workshops to highlight price vs value variances across competitors.
Target Operating Model (TOM) design: redesigned TOM leading to 20% cost reduction, whilst reducing depth and increasing breadth of organizational structure.
Led stakeholders to align highly political organisation and significant FTE reductions.
Infrastructure & Transportation - world leading city transport authority.
Project Management Office: Supported large scale transformation through managing PMO office and building out project plans in order to fill £1bn cost gap.
Conducted an efficiency and effectiveness review providing focused value generation.
Pharmaceuticals – FTSE 100 global pharmaceuticals & consumer goods company.
Net Revenue Management: Created development programme for leading General.
Managers targeting alignment to global KPIs across net revenue management.
Developed proprietary content, case study and training faculty for sustainable delivery.
Consumer Goods – FTSE 100 global spirits & soft drinks manufacturer.
Marketing efficiency: Rolled out marketing productivity programme to drive  £2M global benefits across point of sale, 3rd space and value added packaging.
Built cost and ROI analysis to identify key value drivers and resource wastage.
Finance – Largest International Central Securities Depository.
Digital Transformation: Built in depth work-plan for digital transformation proposal including IT Infrastructure, Apps & Architecture, Data, Security and Delivery Model.
Reduced project cost by 20% through greater work-plan alignment and outsourcing.
- 2014  Focus Management Consultancy – Interim General Manager  UAE.
Leading corporate training & HR development consultancy. US$5mn turnover, 20 Employees.
Directed team of 20 across finance, sales and product delivery achieving 30% growth in net profit.
Restructured organization, reengineered internal processes and ran vendor DD and negotiations.
Facilitated owner exit three months early through hiring company’s first General Manager.
2010 - 2013  Grant Thornton UK LLP - Financial Restructuring Executive  UK.
5th largest assurance, tax and advisory firm worldwide. 38,500 employees, 120 countries.
Produced independent business reviews to US$10mn+ debt holders of distressed enterprises.
Orchestrated teams up to 5 people for FTSE and AIM listed clients.
EDUCATION   2015  INSEAD Business School - MBA Class of December 2015  France / Singapore.
2010 - 2012  ACA: ICAEW - Institute of Chartered Accountants England and Wales  UK.
LANGUAGES  English (Native), French (Conversational fluent), Spanish (Basic).
2008  Standard Chartered Bank, Internship, Group Corporate Development  UK.
2007  Volunteer teaching in Nepal, led group of students through fundraising & teaching  Nepal.
2005  HSBC Middle East, Internship, Corporate Finance Credit Analyst  UAE.
INTERESTS  Golf (9 hdcp) and charity sporting events (incl. white collar boxing, marathons and triathlon).Led carve-out and sell-side process of Delta Retail, a regional multimedia and energy provider owned by Delta NV, the largest utility company in the Netherlands; prepared valuation, built IM and MP, managed DD process and participated to SPA negotiations; asset sold to EQT for ~€500M.
Assessed strategic vulnerabilities, estimated potential valuation gap and developed activism defense strategy for ~€5Bn European energy company.
Built staple financing package for a ~€1.5Bn buy-side M&A deal (together with internal Credit team).
2015  Summer Associate, Investment Banking Division (FinTech).
• Part of team leading the IPO of Worldpay, a multi-billion-pound global FinTech company, as Joint Global Coordinator; drafted Analyst Presentation and prospectus and managed analyst Q&A.
Senior Associate, Consumer Goods and Financial Institutions Practice.
Assessed an Italian bank's CIB division positioning through wallet-sizing analysis and 30+ client interviews; led cross-functional team in portfolio strategy and coverage model redesign.
Built 3-year strategy and investments plan for a global retail company; built and assessed business cases for entry into new markets and facilitated resource allocation negotiations across projects.
Built an Excel-based scheduling tool to optimize labor cost for a global travel retailer and supervised roll-out in over 300 stores, resulting in 8% labor cost reduction from previous year.
Analyzed distributed energy and energy efficiency market in EU countries for a power company, identifying €200M opportunity in underserved hotel segment in Italy and France.
• Developed extensive comparative study on healthcare system in 5 EU countries, which was widely cited in the press and used by BCG to sell 3 additional projects that earned over €1M.
Worked on the setup of the fund, defining strategy and investment philosophy and process.
Researched and presented investment ideas, applying fundamental analysis to identify undervalued companies based on variant perception vs. market.
Specialist technology Private Equity fund, focused on cybersecurity and big data.
Supported investment team in origination (200+ opportunities identified and screened), portfolio management (5-year strategic plan for a portfolio company) and financial modelling.
Co-founded Savik Shuster Studio (www.3s.tv), which produces TV shows in Ukraine (2009); setup operations and launched 2 new shows, contributing to reaching revenues of $10M/year.
Community: Mentor at Mentors4U (coaching 3 students interested in a career in management consulting), Project Leader for 7-people impact consulting project for Development Media International.
Interests: technology, cinema, film-production, cooking, hiking.
Languages: Fluent English, Native Italian, Basic Portuguese.
• Awarded with Distinction (top 10% of the class); Dean's List; GMAT score: 740 (97th percentile).
CEMS / Bocconi University (dual degree program), Milan, Italy.
Master of Science in International Management (two-year program taught in English).
110/110 summa cum laude; Bocconi Outstanding Scholar, 2010-2011, full merit scholarship.
Exchange semester at Fundaçao Getulio Vargas (Sao Paulo, Brazil).
Three-Year Bachelor of Business Administration and Management.
• 110/110 summa cum laude; Exchange semester at Kenan-Flagler Business School (NC, USA).Master in Business Administration (MBA), Distinction (Top 5-15%).
Member of the Private Equity, Real Estate, Restructuring, Wine & Cuisine and Rugby Clubs.
Bachelor of Laws (LLB), Summa Cum Laude.  University Law Medal, all-round and academic performance.
Bachelor of Commerce (BCom), Summa Cum Laude, in economics and finance.  Class Valedictorian.
Goldsworthy Prize, undergraduate business student graduating with the highest GPA.
President, Student Association – managed a voluntary, elected 18-person committee constituting the overarching student representative organization with an annual budget of $1.0m.
HEALTHY SPOT (MONOGRAM CAPITAL PORTFOLIO COMPANY)  LOS ANGELES, CA.
High-growth, multi-unit pet retail and service business.  Consulting directly with the CEO on key strategic initiatives as the company looks to improve and refine its existing operations, and also explore expanding into new markets. •  Implementing a technology-enabled solution to improving customer acquisition, loyalty and retention.
Creating an actionable strategic plan for market expansion into the Bay Area.
Improving FP&A reporting, strategy setting and organizational development planning.
High-growth, multi-unit fast casual restaurant brand.  Worked directly for the CEO and CFO, given significant scope and autonomy to manage and direct key strategic initiatives as the company looks to expand into new markets along the Mid-Atlantic and North East.
Managed internal due diligence efforts for a Series B capital raising that completed late-Summer 2016.
Implemented analytical systems to identify opportunities to improve store-level operational performance (KPIs) •  Internally managed new store build out and real estate development projects.
Analyst supporting M&A transactions, capital markets financings, fairness opinions and strategic reviews for clients across the industrials, energy and infrastructure industries.  Responsible for constructing detailed financial models, analyzing operational performance, creating valuation scenarios, creating management presentations, coordinating due diligence and managing sale-purchase documents.  Selected transactions include:.
Alinta Energy Term Loan ($1.4bn).  Detailed financial analysis to support the successful underwriting, syndication and hedging of a US Term Loan recapitalization for a TPG-owned Australian integrated energy business.
New South Wales Government Privatization ($3.0bn).  Extended engagement acting as sole sale advisor to the Government on the staggered sale of a portfolio of six separate power generation facilities.
Analyst supporting the Capital Markets Group to structure, model and execute financing transactions for private equity and corporate clients.  Responsibilities included modelling of bespoke financing transactions to match specific M&A and financing activities, managing concurrent execution processes and negotiating security and legal documentation.
Staple acquisition financing for Blackstone’s first-in-market acquisition ($400m).
Sole advisor to M2 Group for the M&A and financing on their public markets acquisition of CallPlus ($250m).
  Coordinator, HBS Movember Campaign 2015 – raised over $23,000 for the Movember foundation.
Mentor, Canterbury Boys High School – provided ongoing leadership development for grade 10 students.
Leader, Kununurra Youth Program – developed and ran a two-week program in a rural indigenous community.
Member of the Mont Pelerin Society since 2012.  Enjoy rugby, squash, golf and running.
Culinary enthusiast and avid cook.  Serial Movember participant.144 Mayall Rd • London, United Kingdom SE24 0PH • 07497495752 • alexander.bertoli@gmail.com.
Consultant: M&A and Corporate Development Practice     January 2017 – Present.
Expert track consultant within BCG’s corporate development practice focusing on M&A and corporate finance.
Built detailed P&L model for a global pharma company to analyse profitability of 200+ products across 100+ geographies.
Analysed earnings at risk for a niche-mining company due to potential for further industry consolidation.
Working with global topic experts to build toolkits and presentations to enhance BCG’s buy-side M&A advisory business.
Investment Analyst: Private Equity     October 2013 – March 2015.
$200M private equity fund focused on majority buyouts in the lower mid-market industrial manufacturing and distribution sectors.
Transaction Experience – Evaluated 100+ potential buyout transactions and closed 4 acquisitions and divestitures.
Add-on Acquisition of TIGG Corp, a Carbon Filtration Equipment Manufacturer (Closed) – Led industry and financial due diligence; Forecasted synergies and built multi-scenario operating model; Negotiated financing package reducing borrowing costs by 60%; Uncovered two deferred capex issues during due diligence leading to a 6% reduction in deal price.
Add-on Acquisition of an Industrial Fan Company (Under LOI when left) – Negotiated and structured acquisition proposal which included a complex earn-out to bridge valuation gap between Alliance and the seller.
Sale-Leaseback of $20M+ real estate across 3 companies - Spearheaded idea, sourced buyers and executed transaction.
Portfolio Company Experience – Board of Director Observer and highly involved in the operations of 3 manufacturing companies.
Spectral Response – Spent 1 month on-site helping improve cash position and developing financial forecasting tools to help company avoid bankruptcy and buy time to run an expedited sale process.
Spencer Turbine / TIGG Corp – Assisted management team developing strategic plan to overhaul TIGG’s sales channels; Worked with CFO to integrate financial systems, deal with merger accounting issues and prepare year-end budget.
Walker Magnetics – Tracked / implemented contingency cost savings during liquidity crunch; Renegotiated covenants.
Associate / Analyst: Investment Banking – Industrials     August 2011 – October 2013.
Worked on corporate finance advisory situations, debt / equity financings, strategic capital raises and M&A execution.
Received highest review marks and promoted directly to associate one year earlier than was typical.
Sellside Advisor for a Private Water Rights Company - Built operational and valuation model; Sourced investors to set up roadshow.
$3.0B Acquisition Financing for Precision Castparts - 1st bookrunner role for an Aerospace & Defense client.
$400M Credit Facility for MEGlobal - Sole Lead Arranger for $1.0B chemicals company.
$5.0B Proposed Acquisition of Aircraft Leasing company by Mizuho - Evaluated deal as part of six person internal team.
Junior Analyst: Event Driven/Merger Arbitrage Team      December 2009 – August 2011.
$8BN multi-strategy hedge fund with a mandate to invest in global merger arbitrage situations and catalyst-driven value investments.
Analyzed investments via industry research, financial modeling, antitrust analyses and risk/reward calculations.
Developed/Maintained database which tracked investment universe based off real-time trading and valuation methodologies.
Dean’s List (Top 10%), Chairman of Private Equity Network, St. Hugh’s College, 760 GMAT (99th Percentile).
Winner of the Wharton Private Equity Competition – 26 business schools from 3 continents entered.
Winner of the Bridgepoint Capital Private Equity Competition - 34 teams entered.
 Varsity Division 1 Lightweight Rowing, Student Investment Fund, Eli Tutoring Program, Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity.
Interests: Basketball, Squash, Adventure Travel, Hiking / Trekking, Online Ticket Arbitrage.
Participant in 4,200 mile bicycle trip across the United States which raised $300K for Habitat for Humanity.
Spent April to July 2015 in Santiago, Chile advising management of rapidly growing scale-up in preparation of a minority sale.Contact Details  Email: sandra.garcia@insead.edu   Mobile: +34 646 69 35 69.
Case Team Leader at Bain & Company with more than 6 years of experience as Management Consultant and M&A/Private Equity Lawyer. Experience across industries with focus on Private Equity, Consumer Products and Retail and across geographies both in developed and emerging markets (Europe, South East Asia and India). MBA from INSEAD and LLM from IE Law School.
2015 -       Bain & Company Top tier management consulting firm              Europe / South East Asia.
Present  Case Team Leader, Private Equity, Consumer Products & Retail Practice Groups.
Advised private equity funds on commercial due diligences across sectors (e-commerce and corporate services) and geographies (Europe and South East Asia).
Analyzed market trends and competitive position in the context of commercial due diligences; assessed and modelled market projections and target’s top line and bottom line upside potential.
Designed the growth strategy for leading consumer products companies; identified and modelled the impact of growth initiatives within different brands/products.
Performed store revenue and profitability analysis across >1000 outlets for the retail business of leading South East Asian oil & gas company; optimized store distribution and dealer terms (full potential +70% store revenue).
Advised major retailer on a comprehensive 5-year strategic plan to improve sales and profitability; analyzed store footprint and defined growth potential across categories.
Advised consumer products companies on brand definition, assortment optimization and commercial spend.
Defined the premium loyalty program for a major retailer (10% sales increase).
Defined optimal grocery model for leading European department stores assessing market and customer trends.
Advised leading tobacco company on the improvement of its internal tool to manage trade marketing, marketing and sales functions; led diagnostic and implementation across markets.
Worked with executive management and aligned different stakeholders within major retail and consumer products organizations on strategic decisions and prioritization of initiatives for growth and value creation.
Led workshops with >30 executives to prioritize growth initiatives for major companies.
–13  Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP Top tier international law firm                                                    UK / Spain   Associate, Corporate Practice Group (Private Equity/M&A/Finance/Capital Markets).
Worked on transactions - leveraged buyouts (advising both industrial sellers and private equity buyers) - across sectors including e-commerce, TMT, energy, consumer and infrastructure ranging from €100m to over €1bn value. Selected transaction experience includes:.
Advised Amadeus IT Holding on the sale of Opodo to Permira and AXA Private Equity.
Advised Triton Partners on the acquisition of Befesa Medioambiente.
Advised EQT Infrastructure Partners on the acquisition of Acciona Aparcamientos.
Advised a major European family office on the acquisition of a solar power company.
Drafted and negotiated M&A documentation including term sheets, SPAs, SHAs and NDAs.
Coordinated and conducted legal due diligence on companies across industries; analyzed the corporate and financial structure, material agreements and their impact on the relevant transactions.
Coordinated multi-jurisdictional and multi-disciplinary teams of bankers, accountants and overseas counsel to provide integrated advice to clients in corporate and finance transactions within aggressive timeframes.
Interacted on a regular basis with the management team, directors and shareholders of the clients and target companies in the context of M&A transactions and assisted with board of directors’ and shareholders’ meetings.
Advised on project finance (renewable energy projects); drafted and negotiated facilities agreements and securities over assets.
2014  Aditya Birla Retail (Intern) Retail business of the second largest Indian conglomerate                                   India.
(summer) • Developed a market opportunity assessment and screening of potential businesses; identified two fast-growing  opportunities (8% and 16% revenue growth).
• Developed the business plan and go-to-market strategy and defined the implementation across regions.
2008 –09  IE Law School LLM Corporate Business Law. Graduated with Distinction – top 5%  Spain.
2003 –08  Universidad de Oviedo/Helsinki University Bachelor of Laws - top 5%                                     Spain / Finland.
LANGUAGES  Spanish (Native), English (Fluent), French (Business).
2012 –  Fundación Recover (Volunteer) NGO focused on improving the health system in Africa            Cameroon / Spain.
Present  • Conducted several projects aimed at improving the profitability of hospitals in Cameroon.
• Led different fundraising initiatives aimed at providing medical equipment for hospitals in Africa.
2009 -13 Freshfields Pro-Bono Group (Social Impact & Pro Bono)                                                                   UK / Spain • Member of the Pro Bono Group advising leading non-profit organizations and charities on corporate and financial matters; Advised The Global Fund to fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria in Ecuador on the development of the.