Primary responsibilities include participation in new deal origination, new customer pitches as well as management and servicing of a comprehensive portfolio of BNY Mellon’s South Asian key clients encompassing both corporate entities (DBS, Ascendas REIT, Singtel limited) as well as sovereigns (MAS Sukuk).
Product coverage includes debt solutions such as trustee services, facility agent services, new account acquisition, deposit acquisition, escrows, calculation and paying agent services, security agent services, cash management services etc.
Provide primary support to Relationship Manager in “Product Solutions” presentations to both new and existing clients’ key senior management. This includes understanding client’s key financial requirements and providing effective solutions through existing bank products as well as identifying new business opportunities while extending superior relationship service to existing clients.
Daily communication and liaison with key client stakeholders to manage client servicing issues.
Analysis client’s financial statements and stability as well as processing of relevant new transaction credit approvals.
Reporting Sales and Revenue figure for compliance and audit.
Developing and implementing change in policy and procedure.
Line manager for reporting and managing of all KYC renewal of Singapore Corporate trust client.
Specialised in fixed income instruments such as loans, bonds, and escrow deals.
Improved relationships between corporate trust and internal partners, increasing corporate trust’s priority in due to good relations.
Spearheaded a six sigma revenue leakage and reconciliation project for Corporate Trust, aiming proactive tighten processes for the revenue.
Actively meeting up with clients face to face whenever possible to understand their debt capital market requirements.
Propose addition viable products to existing client to increase revenue generated per client.
Successfully improved team efficiency by formulating strategies and methods • Recognised as Subject matter expert for all Domestic deal (CDP) related matters.
Transacting daily cash and trade processing for all Indonesia, Singapore and Japan clients with BNYM DSE and INFORM system.
Ensuring smooth transaction of debt service payments (coupon payments) for clients across Euroclear/Clearstream, DTC, and CDP.
Monitoring of compliance ensures escalation to management and legal counsel for unresolved compliance issue.
Maintaining account balances for Indonesia, Singapore and Japan clients for all currency.
With a proper foundation in the deal closing documents (Agency Agreement, Trust Deed, OC), advised the client in all required related compliance items.
Enhanced Anti-Money Laundering (AML) processes with a Visual Basic for Application (VBA) script, reducing the time required by half.
Identified and corrected all possibly unmatched and mismatched shares, resulting in high client satisfaction due to the high success rate of trade execution.
Combat Engineer Officer, Doctrines and Plans Staff Officer.
Appointed as chief coordinator of a key examination for 400 regular Combat Engineers.
Revised division training manuals, ensuring that training guidelines are kept current.
Led a team of 40 members to publish the commemoration magazine and photo album for National Day Parade 2011.
Singapore representative for International Exchange at the World Youth Rally in Korea.
Presenter for National Conversation to NTUC Secretary General, Mr. Lim Swee Say.
nEbO representative to discuss national issues and plans for Nation Townhall Media Session with NTUC Secretary General, Mr. Lim Swee Say and Minister of Manpower, Mr. Tan Chuan-Jin.
Successful pitched for projects to Nation Youth Council for funding for youth projects.
Financial Applications: Able to operate Bloomberg, Reuter and SGX Prime, SUMit.
Software:  Proficient in Microsoft Visual Basic, Word, Excel and Powerpoint.
Awards: SAF Best Trainee, Asia BNYM Chairman’s Award 2013, nEbO Excel Award 2014, BNYM D&I Innovation Award 2014.job scope: particularly on islamic estate management/planning.
dealing with cause papers especially on drafting and filing. Regularly going to court for case management. Dealing with clients.
-drafting Summons, Claims, Defence, legal correspondences.Blk 715 #05-182 Tampines Street 71 S520715, (HP) 8668 0716, Email: jo.ph.fan@gmail.com.
Flexible and versatile personnel with broad-based background in a highly competitive and dynamic organization. Recognized as reliable and dependable excellent team player.
Professional Experience DBS Trustee Limited – Private Trust                    July 2015 – Apr 2017 Business Management Support Manager – AVP.
To oversee a team of 3 in the Business Management Support team for Private Trust business in relation to AML/CFT regulatory requirements, projects and day to day administrative work.
To oversee and ensure proper implementation and compliance of policies and procedures (including AML/CFT requirements, FATCA/CRS, key operating procedures and internal control procedures) by the Private Trust Administrators in their day-to-day administration of the private trusts and investment companies.
To review and ensure consistency and accuracy in the KYC reviews for on-boarding and ongoing periodic reviews, such as on-boarding documentation, periodic trust/CDD reviews, administration documentation.
To monitor and track that all risk and compliance issues and audit points are resolved and completed on a timely basis.
To identify areas for improvement and implement solutions to increase efficiencies within the Private Trust team.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch                          March 2008 – March 2015 Sales Assistant FICC Fixed Income Desk – Associate.
Function as main contact liaison for Front, Middle and Back Office on implementation of process improvements and facilitation of communication.
Focal point for project support, acting as subject matter expert or reviewer.
Main point of contact for all Front Office escalations; Front Office related issues and incidents.
Coordinates issue resolution across Front to Back functions.
Book and ensure trades executed by sales are correctly captured in risk management systems.
Attend to ad-hoc queries and requests from sales and clients; for example providing pricing for clients.
Liaise with various teams globally such as Trader Assistant, Trade Support, Sales Support, Client On-boarding, Confirmation, Settlement and Technology to address relevant issues.
Facilitate new account opening to ensure they meet the KYC, AML and regulatory requirement.
Coordinate and liaise with relevant teams to ensure prompt follow up on any documentation discrepancies.
Ensure data integrity and management reporting of sales production is accurate, insightful and timely.
Managing local programme of internal Voice of Customer (service reviews and production satisfaction surveys), following the Wholesale Bank Group process.
Reporting VoC results and action plans to Central Client Service Group for consolidation and identification of global themes and also leveraging on the VoC process to understand clients’ needs and identifying opportunities for improvements in service, product solutions and optimizing channel usage.
Implementing complaint management processes (and systems) to ensure smooth running and encourage utilization in-country.
Act as liaison of ongoing enhancements to processes and systems and identify common themes in complaints and highlight to relevant parties as opportunities for improvements.
Obtain regular complaints / enquiry resolution feedback and ensure an effective service recovery process which includes complaint handling and appropriate empowerment for staff to act quickly when necessary.
Reconciliation of daily and monthly system reports to relevant department.
Ensure clientele portfolio record is up to date and revert should there be any discrepancies to the Appointed Relationship Manager.
Preparation of audit confirmation for clientele upon request.
Call Center Agent (Contract)                 Attending incoming calls on a timely manner & meeting it’s SLA.
Responsible to work closely with Service Delivery team on incoming/existing cases and to improve work process.
Point of contact to all project members (local or overseas) and established effective communications and work processes for all project related matters.
Provide resolutions to problems pertaining to all project related matters.
Quality assurance of all project requirements and deliverables are in accordance to the project plan.
Developed strong analytical skills and is meticulous through submission of detailed trial reports to aid senior management to reach informed decisions.
Co-managed a team of 5 technicians in the Project Management team; is instrumental in appraising subordinates’ performance and managing welfare matters.“Strive for Excellence”. Well-trained in accounting flows and accounting related matters. Having a strong desire to take up challenges by taking the leap into commercial accounting and contribute in a meaningful way to bigger organization. Auditing experience helps me to adapt to face-paced working environment, while lecturing experience enhanced my delivering and presentation skills.
ARIC PARTNERS LLP (merged with CTP PARTNERSHIP ), Singapore        Aug 2014 – Now.
Handled 5 medium size companies’ auditing (annual revenue ranging from $5million to $50 million) which enables me gain an insight into a complex accounting structure of a company.
Gained access to different accounting methodology across a variety of industries such as construction (buildings, tunnel work), manufacturing, services (spa & healthcare, freight forwarder) and trading.
Responsible for a group auditing and completed account consolidation for group accompany with 9 subsidiaries, as well as reviewing component auditor’s work.
Dealt with fixed assets register, bank reconciliation, audit schedule, general ledger, control account, provision of doubtful debts, GST, cash flow etc.
Knowledgeable in Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.
Utilised strong analytical skills in analytical review of historical financial information for auditing.
Recommending and improved audit procedures for a high quality audit.
KTC Accountants Institute, Malaysia       July 2015 – December 2016.
Delivered accounting lectures and tutorials for ACCA F3 Financial Accounting and F7 Financial Reporting for a class of 10 to 50 students.
Provided guidance and grew a student who won world Top 3 in Paper F7 in June 2016 examination.
361 Degree Consultancy Pte. Ltd., Singapore                      Nov 2013 – July 2014 Corporate Secretary and compliance officer.
Assist in extracting accounting data and prepare the Unaudited Financial Statements and XBRL for clients.
Contributed in secretarial works such as filing annual return, striking off of a company and transfer of shares.
Developed communication skills in liaising and working closely with internal and external parties and learnt customer service skills through dealing with unhappy clients.
Draft mail reply to tax authorities on tax matters on behalf of clients.
Assisted seniors and also work independently on full audit for SMEs.
ACCA (Association of Chartered Certified Accountants) Affiliate                     June 2015.
Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman (TAR College), Setapak K.L.                            May 2012.
Highly experience in Microsoft Office (eg. Word, Excel, etc).Involved in preparing tax for following types of industries.
A)  Organisation: Tour East Holdings Pte Ltd ( a subsidiary of Japanese Tourism Bureau).
Period   : April 2016 till present Position  : Assistant Manager, Finance Department Skills acquired at Tour East Holdings Pte Ltd.
Collating, review and consolidate monthly management report from subsidiaries (including budget, 1st FOC, 2nd FOC and 2 months FOC).
Perform quarterly variance analysis of holding company and collate from each offices.
Prepare the debtor ageing report monthly from each offices as well as holding company.
Prepare the monthly cash flow planning report of holding company and consolidate the group’s cash flow planning report.
To send the monthly accounting calendar to the group’s subsidiaries.
Collating the yearly external audit schedule of the group’s subsidiaries.
Prepare the half yearly questionnaire report for holding company as well as collating from each subsidiaries.
Prepare and collating tax risk report or financial risk report required.
Responding for any financial queries related to Tour East Group from management and immediate holding company.
Maintaining and reviewing the holding company’s daily financial accounts.
Provide internal audit by reviewing the financial controls, operational and compliance controls, risk management policies and system as well as makes improvement recommendation to the Group.
Identify and drive continuous process improvement and develop effective accounting and internal control procedures.
Being the key personnel for the introduction of Tourplan system and AXIS system for the Group.
B)  Organisation: Kensington Corporate Management (S) Pte Ltd.
Period    : (March 2015 till March 2016) Position   : Client Accounting Senior Executive Skills acquired at Kensington Corporate Management (S) Pte Ltd.
Handling a portfolio of local private limited companies or branches of foreign companies and assist in the transition of the accounting transfer records from the take-over business.
Prepare monthly, quarterly or annual client accounts including general ledger and management accounts.
Prepare voucher, coding and posting into Autocount Accounting system (version 1.8)  -  Prepare reconciliation e.g Bank balances, intercompany bank balances.
Compilation of unaudited financial statements in accordance to Singapore FRS.
Preparation of annual tax computation and Form C/ C-S and Appendixes to IRAS for selected clients.
Liaise with and advise clients on on-going company accounting or bookkeeping matters. -  Performing any additional ad-hoc assignments.
C)  Organisation: Mazars LLP, Singapore (Top 5 auditing firm in France).
Period       : 3 year and 3 months (September 2011 to January 2015) Position    : Senior 2 Skills acquired at Mazars LLP Singapore.
· Involved in audits of multinational and local companies and groups - Mainly involved in trading and manufacturing companies.
identified financial reporting system and internal control weaknesses as well as provided feasible recommendation to clients.
· Experience in consolidation audit and announcement for listed companies.
· Experience in preparation of Financial Statements entity level and group level.
· Experience in auditing of medium & large corporations, including listed companies.
1. Being awarded as the best outstanding Audit Assistant 1 for year 2012.
Period    : 2 months (September 2012 to October 2012) Position   : Seconded to Tax department as Tax assistant Skills acquired at Mazars LLP Singapore (Tax Department).
Period   : 2 months (September 2014 to October 2014) Position  : Seconded to Accounting and Outsourcing department as Assistant Manager.
Reason: Being selected by company to help up on the transfer pricing issue and to tidy up the notes to account of the Company.
To ensure that the participation WORKING COMMITTEE-  of the event is a success.
Possess vast knowledge in usage of Tourplan Accounting system, JDE accounting system, People Soft Accounting system, Autocount Accounting software, Auditsoft package, Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint and possess basic knowledge on UBS Accounting Software.
Self-motivated and work well under pressure to meet deadlines.
Multimedia University (University Telekom), Melaka. [Bachelor Of Accounting (Hons)].
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)    PASS.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)    PASS.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)    PASS.Charles Tay Liang Heng, TEP, FCCA, CA Singapore, ATP (Income Tax).
A challenging and rewarding position with my experience in wealth planning, trust accounting, administration and client relationship management.
A challenging and rewarding position with my experience in wealth planning, trust accounting, administration and client relationship management.
As a wealth planner based in Singapore, I am responsible for assisting wealth management banking clients to structure trusts as part of their wealth planning and estate planning solutions.  In addition, I am also responsible to develop the universal life insurance business in Nomura including reviewing the due diligence for brokers, insurance companies and their products, and working with the bank to organise client events.
In my role as wealth planner working with the wealth management team in Singapore, I cover the southeast asia markets, and north asia market of China.
As a wealth planner based in Singapore, I am responsible for assisting wealth management banking clients to structure trusts as part of their wealth planning and estate planning solutions.  In addition, I am also responsible to develop the universal life insurance business in Nomura including reviewing the due diligence for brokers, insurance companies and their products, and working with the bank to organise client events.
In my role as wealth planner working with the wealth management team in Singapore, I cover the southeast asia markets, and north asia market of China.
My scope of work includes control reviews for the Private Bank and Treasures Private Client.  In addition, I am also responsible to review the trust setup documentations, coordinating the documentation workflows between the wealth planning team in Hong Kong, the bank and the Trustee team in Singapore.
My scope of work includes control reviews for the Private Bank and Treasures Private Client.  In addition, I am also responsible to review the trust setup documentations, coordinating the documentation workflows between the wealth planning team in Hong Kong, the bank and the Trustee team in Singapore.
As a wealth planner based in Hong Kong, I am responsible for assisting private banking clients to structure trusts as part of their wealth planning and estate planning solutions.  In addition, I am also responsible to develop the universal life insurance business in DBS Private Bank – Hong Kong including structuring universal life insurance as part of the wealth planning solutions.
My expanded scope of work involved setting up the wealth-planning platform connecting with the trustee team in Singapore.
I was recognized by the Regional Wealth Planning for contributing to the setup of the new team in Hong Kong and was offered a role back into DBS Singapore.
As a wealth planner based in Hong Kong, I am responsible for assisting private banking clients to structure trusts as part of their wealth planning and estate planning solutions.  In addition, I am also responsible to develop the universal life insurance business in DBS Private Bank – Hong Kong including structuring universal life insurance as part of the wealth planning solutions.
My expanded scope of work involved setting up the wealth-planning platform connecting with the trustee team in Singapore.
I was recognized by the Regional Wealth Planning for contributing to the setup of the new team in Hong Kong and was offered a role back into DBS Singapore.
I was with DBS Trustee Limited as a private trust manager handling a portfolio of trusts and private investment companies.  My team portfolio includes clients from Singapore, Malaysia, India, UK, US, Middle East, and Europe.
The trust administration duties includes the day-to-day administration of trusts and companies; maintenance & filing of fiduciary documents, corporate documents and databases; processing transactions and billings; distributions to beneficiaries; investment reviews; liaising with external parties such as private bankers on clients’ requests such as establishing of banking accounts, trades executions, liaising with insurance brokers on the acceptance/assignment of insurance policies held in trust structures, reviewing of trust financial accounts and other general administrative duties.
In addition to the liaison with external accountants on the delivery and review of trust financial accounts, I am also responsible for reviewing and improvising the trust financial accounting reporting formats and work flows.  I am also responsible for coordinating the annual reporting of trust assets to MAS (i.e. MAS Form 6, ATC Returns and MAS Form 5).
The wider scope of clientele in my portfolio provided me with the opportunity to gain more learning experience and deeper understanding of the trust and tax issues that will affect clients from these jurisdictions.  Further, the additional responsibilities in handling trust accounting and regulatory reporting are also beneficial to my learning experience.
One notable achievement in my position as Trust manger was to be selected by the management to participate in a business strategic project - disposal of a Trust subsidiary in Hong Kong.  In this project, I had to manage the trust administration team and to provide training to the employees of the seller whom were seconded to the bank to learn on the job.  The scope of this exposure not only widened my overseas experience and also contributed to my leadership experience.
I was recognized by the Private Bank management for the valuable contribution towards the completion of this project.
I was with DBS Trustee Limited as a private trust manager handling a portfolio of trusts and private investment companies.  My team portfolio includes clients from Singapore, Malaysia, India, UK, US, Middle East, and Europe.
The trust administration duties includes the day-to-day administration of trusts and companies; maintenance & filing of fiduciary documents, corporate documents and databases; processing transactions and billings; distributions to beneficiaries; investment reviews; liaising with external parties such as private bankers on clients’ requests such as establishing of banking accounts, trades executions, liaising with insurance brokers on the acceptance/assignment of insurance policies held in trust structures, reviewing of trust financial accounts and other general administrative duties.
In addition to the liaison with external accountants on the delivery and review of trust financial accounts, I am also responsible for reviewing and improvising the trust financial accounting reporting formats and work flows.  I am also responsible for coordinating the annual reporting of trust assets to MAS (i.e. MAS Form 6, ATC Returns and MAS Form 5).
The wider scope of clientele in my portfolio provided me with the opportunity to gain more learning experience and deeper understanding of the trust and tax issues that will affect clients from these jurisdictions.  Further, the additional responsibilities in handling trust accounting and regulatory reporting are also beneficial to my learning experience.
One notable achievement in my position as Trust manger was to be selected by the management to participate in a business strategic project - disposal of a Trust subsidiary in Hong Kong.  In this project, I had to manage the trust administration team and to provide training to the employees of the seller whom were seconded to the bank to learn on the job.  The scope of this exposure not only widened my overseas experience and also contributed to my leadership experience.
I was recognized by the Private Bank management for the valuable contribution towards the completion of this project.
I was with OCBC Trustee as an assistant manager handling the trust administration and client relationship management. My expanded job scope involves assisting with the marketing of trusts and corporate services to private banking clients.
The trust administration duties includes the day-to-day administration of trusts and companies; maintenance & filing of fiduciary documents, corporate documents and databases; processing transactions and billings; distributions to beneficiaries; liaising with clients’ private bankers on their requests such as opening of accounts, trades executions, and investments reviews and other general administrative duties and functions.
The client relationship management duties include liaising with clients on the maintenance of their trusts and company structures, advising on corporate secretarial services, estates and wills.
This role had provided me with an opportunity to develop soft skills through clients-interaction exposure in addition to the administration of trusts and companies.
I was with OCBC Trustee as an assistant manager handling the trust administration and client relationship management. My expanded job scope involves assisting with the marketing of trusts and corporate services to private banking clients.
The trust administration duties includes the day-to-day administration of trusts and companies; maintenance & filing of fiduciary documents, corporate documents and databases; processing transactions and billings; distributions to beneficiaries; liaising with clients’ private bankers on their requests such as opening of accounts, trades executions, and investments reviews and other general administrative duties and functions.
The client relationship management duties include liaising with clients on the maintenance of their trusts and company structures, advising on corporate secretarial services, estates and wills.
This role had provided me with an opportunity to develop soft skills through clients-interaction exposure in addition to the administration of trusts and companies.
My job scope includes assisting the trust relationship manager in; day-to-day administration of trusts and companies; maintenance & filing of fiduciary documents, corporate documents and databases; processing transactions and billings such as payments on the request by clients and distributions to beneficiaries; liaising with clients' private bankers on their requests such as execution of trades and other investment related issues; liaising with auditors and tax agents on filing of trust companies' related matters; and general administrative duties and functions.
While handling the administration of trusts, I have developed good working relationships with internal and external clients.
My job scope includes assisting the trust relationship manager in; day-to-day administration of trusts and companies; maintenance & filing of fiduciary documents, corporate documents and databases; processing transactions and billings such as payments on the request by clients and distributions to beneficiaries; liaising with clients' private bankers on their requests such as execution of trades and other investment related issues; liaising with auditors and tax agents on filing of trust companies' related matters; and general administrative duties and functions.
While handling the administration of trusts, I have developed good working relationships with internal and external clients.
I was with Merrill Lynch as a trust accountant handling a portfolio of over five hundred trust accounts.
My job scope includes, updating of accounting transactions, handling queries by foreign auditors, financial advisers and trust administrators, preparation of year-end financial statements for trust accounts, year-end accounts submission to auditors, accounts verification, preparation of distributions to beneficiaries and other ad-hoc duties.
One of the notable achievements at Merrill was a database on the insurance policies held under the trust structures of which I helped to develop and maintain.  This database provided necessary information for the updating of accounting entries.
I was with Merrill Lynch as a trust accountant handling a portfolio of over five hundred trust accounts.
My job scope includes, updating of accounting transactions, handling queries by foreign auditors, financial advisers and trust administrators, preparation of year-end financial statements for trust accounts, year-end accounts submission to auditors, accounts verification, preparation of distributions to beneficiaries and other ad-hoc duties.
One of the notable achievements at Merrill was a database on the insurance policies held under the trust structures of which I helped to develop and maintain.  This database provided necessary information for the updating of accounting entries.
I was with the firm as an audit assistant in the assurance department.
My main responsibilities involve conducting auditing checks on clients' accounts and liaising with clients on auditing issues, reviewing client stock-taking exercises and Goods & Services Tax submissions.
My areas of exposure include Multinational Companies in the manufacturing, telecommunication, utilities and electronics industries.
Though the short time span with KPMG, I have gained invaluable knowledge from the different industries that I was assigned to. Notably, it is the exposure to the processes of the different businesses that adds value to the knowledge gained while on the job.
I was with the firm as an audit assistant in the assurance department.
My main responsibilities involve conducting auditing checks on clients' accounts and liaising with clients on auditing issues, reviewing client stock-taking exercises and Goods & Services Tax submissions.
My areas of exposure include Multinational Companies in the manufacturing, telecommunication, utilities and electronics industries.
Though the short time span with KPMG, I have gained invaluable knowledge from the different industries that I was assigned to. Notably, it is the exposure to the processes of the different businesses that adds value to the knowledge gained while on the job.
Module 5: Rules & Regulations for Financial Advisory Services.
STEP Foundation Certificate in International Trust Management.
Wealth Management Institute – Certificate in Trust Services.
Wealth Management Institute – Advanced Certificate in Trust Services.
Module 5: Rules & Regulations for Financial Advisory Services.
STEP Foundation Certificate in International Trust Management.
Wealth Management Institute – Certificate in Trust Services.
Wealth Management Institute – Advanced Certificate in Trust Services.Mornington is a dedicated family office which provides investment oversight & comprehensive  wealth management for asset owners and their beneficiaries within a private family. Mornington  also provides administration and monitoring of fiduciary services relevant to family trusts and  investment structures to ensure relevance for needs of owners and beneficiaries.
I have responsibility of managing all service provider relationships (including negotiation of fees  and review of services) with global custodian, institutional trustees, accountants, corporate  secretarial services, banking, investment managers, brokers & IT security vendors.
Work closely with external Institutional Trustees for all trust admin matters,   distributions to beneficiaries and preparation of financial statements for trusts and   underlying investment holding entities.
Work closely with external council to effect amendments to trust deeds and/or changes   in trustee and ensure family members peace of mind.
Work closely with the Grants Committees of foundations for which Mornington   provides administrative support in grant-making.      Administration of grants and follow-on reports by grantees.
Monitor investment processes and mandated investment parameters of external   discretionary managers.
Ensure proper execution of investment transactions that are advisory in nature.
Continuously improve on current criteria for selection of external brokers/managers for.
Supervise administration of banking and fiduciary services provided by banks and.
Set policies and procedures on funds transfer processes and authorities over various   bank accounts.
Ensure IT systems are current and secure; work with IT consultant/service providers to   implement appropriate security software for all stakeholders secured communications.
Assist Managing Director in hiring, training, supervising, and evaluating assigned   staff.
Assist family members in liaising with consultants hired for specific projects,.
including negotiating deliverables by consultants as required and making payments on   behalf of the family.
Work closely with Captains of family-owned yachts to supervise the administration of   budgeting and payments for family-owned yachts.
Mar 07 to Jun 11 State Street Bank & Trust (Singapore) & State Street Fund Services (Hong Kong) Singapore.
Project lead on a number of projects of varying nature. This includes:.
Onboarding/transition planning for new and organic growth clients.
System developments surrounding client reporting requirements requiring coordination between the client, operations team and IT.
Set up of new product including drafting of business cases and proposals for management approval and liaising with external service providers.
Interpersonal skills to deal with both internal & external parties.
Ability to coordinate between multiple business units for quality and timely delivery of agreed project milestones.
Managed the client relationship and the fund administration operations for a large fund of funds client with over US$1billion in commitments under administration.
Successfully managed and implemented the outsourcing process of Hong Kong private equity administration operations to Hangzhou which required co-ordination with multiple departments and involving many internal stakeholders.
Managed the key changes in operational process due to the outsourcing arrangements and ensured that delivery of outsourced site complies with SLA. Ensure change management process between operational team and new team set up in Hangzhou was smooth and issues were either resolved or escalated appropriately.
Managed the onboarding process of all new and organic growth clients with both internal and external stakeholders. Scope included both local and global relationships which required coordination and timeline planning with State Street America and State Street Europe.
State Street Alternative Investment Solutions (formerly Mourant Fund Services, LLC ) Supervisor (03/2007 – 06/2011).
Mourant Fund Services, LLC provides multi-jurisdictional financial administration services, specializing in the administration of limited partnerships, SPVs and other pooled investment vehicles, with over $170 B of client commitments under administration. On April 1, 2010 Mourant became part of State Street Alternative Investment Solutions.
Part of the team pioneering the company expansion into Asia including pitching and winning initial clients for the Singapore office.
Played an integral part in setting up the Asia offices, including developing workflows processes, operational controls and integrating best practices of the company.
Onboarding of several new clients and acting in a client relationship manager role as the main point of contact for clients, auditors & investors.
Successfully managed client teams who were responsible for the accounting, cash management, quarterly reporting and capital call administration of several clients.
Participated in interviewing and hiring process of employees for the Singapore office.
Supervisor on a fund accounting team for a private equity client with a large family of funds reporting both in US GAAP and IFRS.
Experience in managing different teams of people on Investran conversion projects.
Played an office-wide leadership and consulting role on Investran functionality and usability.
Aug 00 to Feb 05 Macquarie Infrastructure Management (USA) Inc. (New York).
Functioned as part of the set-up team for Macquarie Bank’s unlisted private equity fund vehicle – Macquarie Infrastructure Partners. MIP is made up of several parallel funds with different investors contributing capital into the fund to purchase investments.
Reporting directly to the CFO, mainly responsible for the operational & administrative functions of the fund including capital calls, distributions, fund accounting & tracking of investor’s capital.
Responsible for keeping accurate books and records of various private equity funds including financial statements.
Main point of contact when liaising with clients and thus responsible for any ad hoc projects/reports requested by clients.
New York  Conducted quarterly and year-end audit for a number of funds within a hedge fund.
Conducted audits for a portfolio of clients in a variety of industries, including manufacturing, trading and distribution, educational institutions, shipping, construction and government bodies.
Experience working on a client due diligence to facilitate a takeover.
Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting and Finance), December 1998.The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries – Studentship (Student no. 4655220).
Flat J, 14/F, Block 2, Saddle Ridge Garden, Ma On Shan, Hong Kong.
Share Wealth Management knowledge and market view to client;.
Introduce Company's products (e.g. Unit-Links products, MPF, group medical, saving plans, insurance, capital investment immigration, etc.) and provide suitable financial solutions to client; and.
Handle full range of company secretarial assignments of Hong Kong companies;.
Handle administration works of trust underlie offshore company; and.
Specifically handle company secretarial assignments of Hong Kong company and Part XI company (e.g. Annual Return, Annual General Meeting, incorporation, change of corporate structures, transfer of shares, liquidation and deregistration etc.); and.
Liaise with China-appointing attesting officer for applying the notarial certificate and arranging the certificate to be notarised and legalized.
Windows and Mac OS, Microsoft Office, CSA Professional Plus and ViewPoint.Jun ’02 - Mar ’04   Post Graduate Diploma in Management, IIM Bangalore – Finance.
Jul ’98 - May ’02   Bachelor of Technology, IIT Madras - Electrical Engineering.
Part of the core team that successfully led the pitch for winning the mandate for a USD 1.5bn Collateralised Fund Obligation transaction for a Singapore Sovereign Wealth Fund.
Instrumental in establishing the framework and infrastructure for the landmark transaction in Asia. Managed the project of integrating businesses, systems and processes for delivering high standard services for the client.
Won client praise for delivering under tight deadlines requiring close collaboration with multiple teams on the client side. Spearheaded delivery of transaction administration services.
Setup daily account reconciliation model, dynamic currency hedge valuation model, LTV calculation, Payment waterfall model, straight-through private equity data-flow and analysis, rating agency reporting models and investor reporting.
Involved in sales coverage for preparing presentation and demos for structured transactions including CLOs and quasi-CLOs for various financial institutions and quasi-wealth funds.
Involved in administration of vanilla DCM transactions including document review, settlement, administration, and defaults management.
Deutsche Bank, Structured Finance Services                                 Jan’09 – Apr’16.
Managing team that monitors compliance requirements of Structured Finance transactions such as Collateralized Bond Obligations, Collateralized Loan Obligations, Microfinance Structured Lending Product, Variable Funding Notes, Repacks, Synthetic Structures including synthetic programs deals for valuation, trigger events, and compliance.
Formulating and implementing risk management structure for short term trade finance credit exposure. This involved setting up a CDO topped up with a first-to-default CDS.
Strong exposure to several debt instruments including corporate bonds, syndicated loan facilities, structured lending programs, single name CDSs, Credit linked notes, etc.
Assisting Collateral Managers on various aspects of the structure including eligibility of investible assets/classes, measuring trigger events, and compliance requirements.
Developing understanding of new and complex structures in the structured credit market, including collateralized bond obligations, collateralized loan obligations, repacks, synthetic structures including synthetic programs with direct interaction with clients.
Represented Deutsche Bank in various industry conferences, seminars and focus group discussion in London.
Member of various Structured Finance associations (e.g. European Structured Finance association, American Structured Finance association, etc.).
Managing budgeting exercise for the entire local offshoring site in conjunction with finance team.
Implementing operational risk control tools in APAC locations.
Handled Product Development role for Indian market in the area of Trustee Services.
Developed various tools and processes for controlling and managing internal projects and deliverables.
Involved in recruitment of analysts and senior analysts from IITs, IIMs and other leading colleges in India.
Deutsche Bank, Structured Finance Services                                 Aug’06 – Jan’09.
Building compliance models for Structured Finance transactions such as Collateralized Bond Obligations, Collateralized Loan Obligations, Microfinance Structured Lending Product, Variable Funding Notes, Repacks, Synthetic Structures including synthetic programs deals for valuation, trigger events, and compliance.
Formulating and implementing risk management structure for short term trade finance credit exposure. This involved setting up a CDO topped up with a first-to-default CDS.
Strong exposure to several debt instruments including corporate bonds, syndicated loan facilities, structured lending programs, single name CDSs, Credit linked notes, etc.
Assisting Collateral Managers on various aspects of the structure including eligibility of investible assets/classes, measuring trigger events, and compliance requirements.
Represented Deutsche Bank in various industry conferences, seminars and focus group discussion in London.
Member of various Structured Finance associations (e.g. European Structured Finance association, American Structured Finance association, etc.).
Providing the knowledge leadership on projects involving strong functional expertise and domain knowledge in the field of Investment Research, particularly in the areas of derivatives and fundamental valuation.
Business development activities in the form of industry pitch book preparation, client presentations, etc.
Led Industry Coverage Group for study on Infrastructure asset class for a leading investment bank. The report was later published as a leading study on this asset class.
Successfully constructed an IP valuation model for a patent valuation project.
Prepared Industry Coverage Report on Infrastructure as an asset class with a global focus.
Manager- Treasury Sales (Forex and Derivatives), Global Markets Group.
Relationship management - Provide views on foreign currency and interest rates movements and structuring derivative products to hedge exposures including Cross-Currency Swaps, Interest Rate Swaps, Exotic currency options, Structured Currency Derivatives, etc.
Designing bespoke derivative solutions for clients including plain vanilla USD/INR options, USD/INR principal only swaps, Quanto Swaps, Constant Maturity Swaps with loaded nock-in/knock-out digital options.
Frequent travel for New Client Acquisition through solo/joint sales call. Frequent visits to regional offices to engage different groups of the bank in new initiatives.
Presenting credit proposals for derivative limits in regional committees to acquire new clients not holding other relationships with the bank.
Joint relationship management with trade and asset RMs to cover for treasury and other banking products’ needs to large sized corporate and conducting basic due diligence for creating credit lines.
Responsible for deal origination from major parts of Delhi and Haryana covering Sonipat, Panipat and Ambala.
Organizing client seminars for clients on treasury and trade products on the bank. Organized such seminars in Delhi, Agra, Panipat, Chandigarh, Bhilwara and Jaipur.
Working in close conjunction with other groups in the bank to promote cross-selling of treasury solutions to corporate clients.
Organizing training sessions for credit relationship managers and their team of relationship executives on treasury products to enhance product reach.
Consistently exceeded income targets (~USD 2 million in 2005).
Executed many breakthrough deals over the period including Cross Currency Swaps with embedded options, 2y-5y Constant Maturity Swaps, Exotic options, etc.
Handled volumes of USD 15 million a day in currency trading on behalf of clients.
Delivered Income, volume and qualitative targets for forex and derivatives business.
Project Brief: Worked in Structured Finance rating department. Analyzed the static pool behavior of a Commercial Vehicle loan pool in a Securitization deal to forecast the pool performance.
Achievements: Recommended a more objective approach to rating securitization transactions; developed a model that was going to be used for further research. These recommendations were well received by the management.
Won first prize in simulated Foreign Exchange Trading game conducted by Citibank at IIMB involving dealing in currency futures and currency options in simulated market conditions.
Obtained second rank for designing Object-Oriented solution for Distribution Feeder Reconfiguration out of total of 11 B.Tech. projects in Power System area. The project was presented in IEEE seminar in .
Successfully constructed lightening impulse generator that was selected and introduced as a demonstration tool in power systems lab in Electrical Engineering Department at IIT Madras.
Main interests – Football, Music and Reading (Science Fiction, Biographies, History, Financial literature, Science).
Successfully captained school football team in district level tournaments.
Member of IIMB football team that reached semifinals of inter-college football tournament in Bangalore.Highly skilled accounting and finance professional with 13 years of experience in banking and finance specializing in the following areas:.
Jan 17 – Current        Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Singapore Branch.
Jul 16 – Jan 17         Credit Suisse (Client Asset Protection and Control APAC).
Ensure the Client Money Trust Accounts have correct balance through daily reconciliations.
Calculate Client Money requirements and determine necessary amounts required for segregation with respective broker/stock exchange.
Ensure accurate funding and payment communication timings are adhered to minimize the risk of under or over segregation.
Ensure any funds received that are not claimed by individual department are segregated till its ownership is established.
Perform UAT for process automation and document all observation for discussion with development team.
Aug 14 – Oct 15         HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd.
(Contract)          Manager, Service Delivery (Institutional Fund Services).
Provide fund accounting and administration services to client.
Ensure accurate and timely processing of trade, corporate action, income and expenses, FX and cash settlement information onto the accounting system.
Perform related fund administration duties including trade placement, fund transfer and foreign exchange transactions.
Responsible for checking and signing offs of net asset valuation (NAV) reports (where underlying investment includes equities, fixed income, futures and forwards).
Maintain liaison with operations staff from various custody banks and fund houses.
Perform the role of trustee to ensure that the investment manager complies with the investment guidelines and to ensure that any breach are documented and reported to the compliance department.
Serve as a team leader and manage a team of 6 Fund Accountants in providing fund accounting and administration services to offshore corporate clients.
Ensure accurate and timely processing of trade, corporate action, income and expenses, FX and cash settlement information onto the accounting system.
Review reconciliations and sign off NAV reports and prices prior to distribution to client.
Perform all related fund administration duties including trade placement, fund transfer and foreign exchange transactions.
Liaise and work with external auditors in the annual audit of client’s account.
Perform client servicing role and maintain good working relationships with clients and counterparties and ensure all issues raised are followed up and resolved promptly.
Work with various stakeholders in developing the operating procedures and control to support new products or services requested by clients.
Managing operational risk and ensure that all guidelines are followed closely.
Participate in ad hoc assignment / special projects as assigned.
Appointed as project lead and achieved objective of standardizing the reconciliation process (cash and securities) across all teams.
Spearhead company’s drive to setup new product (Exchange Trade Fund, ETF) to be offered to clients in the Asia Pacific region.
Received reward under the Bank’s Asset Servicing Incentive Plan. This reward is given in recognition of efforts in growing the Asset Servicing Business.
Jul 06 – Apr 11                HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd.
Provide fund administration and accounting services to various asset management companies.
Assist the team leader to train, manage and provide guidance to a team of 8 fund accountants.
Responsible for checking of net asset valuation (NAV) reports prepared by junior/senior fund accountants (where underlying investment include equities, fixed income, futures and ETF).
Ensure accurate and timely processing of trade, corporate action, income and expenses, FX and cash settlement information onto the accounting system.
Serve as an alternate point of contact for clients and counterparties to address their queries and requests and ensure all outstanding issues are followed up and resolved.
Involved in new business implementation and engaging with clients in the discussion on service requirement and the drafting of service level agreements.
Performing the role of trustee to ensure that investment manager complies with the investment guidelines and to ensure that any breach are documented and reported to the compliance department.
Worked with Deputy Head of Department in the calculation of theoretical market price for corporate action such as untraded rights issue and securities spin-off.
Winner of the Team of the Quarter. This reward recognizes team which besides providing timely and accurate reports, also receive most compliments for excellent client service.
Promoted to Manager for being able to consistently meet or exceed expectations in daily work and in client relations.
Responsible for timely preparation of daily net asset value (NAV) and financial statement for various local funds (where underlying investment include equities, fixed income, forwards and futures) using the Multifond system.
Verify and to ensure that price of underlying investments are correctly marked to market.
Ensure accurate and timely processing of trade, corporate action, income and expenses, FX and cash settlement information onto the accounting system.
Perform daily security and cash reconciliation against reports provided by the custodian.
Liaise and assist the auditors in the annual audit for the allocated portfolio.
Performing the role of trustee to ensure that investment manager complies with the investment guidelines and to ensure that any breach are documented and reported to compliance department.
Promoted to Senior Officer for being able to consistently meet or exceed expectations in daily work and in dealing with clients.
Review trading representatives’ register of securities to ensure that they are maintained in accordance to the stated rules and regulations.
Check the margin exception report to ensure that credit limit extended to client is within the stated credit limit.
Preparation of report on the finding of compliance audit and the action taken to resolve any non-compliance issue.
(Contract)                          Operation Staff (Financial Advisory Center (FAC) Dept).
Liaise with Client Service Officer (CSO) in the migration of clients’ account.
Maintained and update the static data of client after the migration.
Ensure client’s account are updated and linked up to their primary account.
Serve as a point of reference for dealers / remisiers and management in areas of the Rules and Bye-Laws of SGX.
Assist to prepare report request by the SGX and other regulatory bodies.
Highlighting area of concern on the company operation to management, recommending necessary follow up action, and ratification by the individual department.
Continually reviewing company operation performance, risk and operation vie external audited report by the auditor and the inspectorate from the SGX.
Continually updating the management and staff on the new legislation and regulations affecting the securities industry.
Master of Science in Finance - Baruch College, City University of New York, USA.
Bachelor of Commerce, Accounting and Finance - University of Queensland, Australia.
Language (written and spoken): Fluent in English, Mandarin and Hokkien.Language Proficiency : English, Mandarin and local dialects.
Master in Training & Development, Griffith University (Australia).
Diploma in Adult and Continuing Education (DACE), Institute for Adult Learning (Singapore).
Accredited Tax Advisor (Income Tax), Singapore Institute of Accredited Tax Professionals Limited.
Trust & Estate Practitioner, Society of Trust & Estate Practitioner (U.K.).
Chartered Member, Chartered Institute of Securities & Investment (U.K.).
Certified Financial Planner, Financial Planning Association of Singapore.
Chartered Accountant, Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.
Fellow, Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (U.K.).
Head of Tax Planning Module, Certification Board, Financial Planning Association of Singapore.
Consultative learning interventions align to business needs.
Setting up wealth academy with sales & service curriculum for front-line sales professionals.
Technical knowledge in investment, insurance, tax & trust advisory.
Domain knowledge in compliance and ethical practices of financial advisers.
Mapping learning curriculum to industry competency-based standards.
Project management for the regional roll-out of e-learning initiatives.
Regional Lead for Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and China, working with local training heads to roll out regional programmes for greater alignment to Personal Financial Services business objectives.
Previously Business Learning Partner for Privilege Banking Reserve, Privilege Banking Onshore, Privilege Banking Offshore, Personal Banking, Client Acquisition and Mortgage teams.
Currently Business Learner Partner for Personal Banking, Client Acquisition team and Mortgage Banking team.
Programme manager and master trainer for PFS Sales and Leadership Effectiveness.
Lead trainer for Client Engagement Journey (Sales Process), Ace That Call (tele-consulting), Modes of Business (modus operandi) & Mystery Shopping exercise.
Instructional design and master trainer for Line Trainers Classroom Facilitation Workshop, Modes of Business for front-line sales and Motivation for Managers.
Partnering with country sales management to identify root cause for underperformers and develop interventions to boost productivity.
Setting up of regional governance structure, learning roadmap and trainer certification framework.
Liaison officer to represent PFS Training & Development for MAS audit review activities.
Achievements: Established as a senior resource person for leadership capability, motivation and up-skilling of front-line sales professionals with emphasis on service culture.
Regional Business Learning Partner for Wealth Continuum (Private Bank, Treasures Private Clients & Treasures) in all learning matters.
Lead architect for the Wealth Academy with curriculum mapped to IBF’s Financial Industry Competency Standards (High Net Worth job specialisation).
Established learning governance via the Wealth Learning Committee with participation from the regional Wealth Management seniors with strong sponsor by the Wealth Group Head.
Working with external parties to incorporate Family Office curriculum into the Wealth Academy’s curriculum.
Ensure RNF registered staff and covered persons fulfill the CPD hrs under FAA and CACS framework.
Successfully obtained accreditation under Financial Industry Competency Standards for Retail Role III for the POSB & DBS franchises.
Regional alignment of Wealth Core Modules in new sales staff onboarding programme to create consistent core skills in client-centric advisory.
Worked with Consumer Banking Group Sales Management to integrate coaching model to equip Business Managers in leading sales teams.
Head of Sales Institute, formulating sales curriculum for relationship managers across 6 key markets (SG, HK, CN, TW, ID, IN).
Master trainer for sales programmes – Developing Client Trust & Loyalty, Mastering Habits of Sales Productivity, Networking & Prospecting, Client Book Management.
Trainer for the leadership programme – Managing People in DBS and Step Up to Lead.
Champion for rolling out e-learning initiatives across 6 key markets to ensure curriculum alignment.
Worked with technology group to enhance the People Soft Learning Management System for greater accessibility and data integrity.
Alternate Business Continuity Manager for HR Department in implementing scenario-based emergency exercises and fire drills.
Champion and person-in-charge of orchestrating the move of training centre from Siglap to Changi Business Park, including the move of safe with cash and equipment.
Point person representing training department to map and plan the setting up of new training facilities in Changi Business Park, liaising with Technology & Organisation department and the renovation contractor on space planning and setting up of servers, electrical wiring, LAN cables, CCTV, alarm systems, projectors, screens, lightings, AV systems, and electronic equipment for all training rooms and branch simulation room.
Detailed planning for the actual move including getting armed guards as escort for the safe with cash, and testing of server over the weekend to ensure training can commence on following Monday without disruption.
Received the Spot Award over the successful move and setting up of new training facilities within time-line.
Achievements: Established as a trusted advisor to the Wealth Management Group on all learning matters and doubled the training budget for FY2014.  Set up learning governance and involved stakeholders in learning agendas for greater alignment to business objectives.
Programme Manager for in-house Wealth Management Program which was accredited under Financial Industry Competency Standards (Affluent job family).
Master trainer for Construction of Customer Oriented Financial Plan & Investment Planning.
Conduct soft skill & service trainings to all newly recruited financial advisors.
Conduct re-tooling and financial market updates for financial advisors.
Learning resource to the business to meet its objectives in capability development.
Achievements: Established as the ‘go-to’ person for all technical-related trainings and the trusted partner in equipping sales staff to meet business objectives.
Customised training for Tax Planning, Trust & Estate Planning, Personal Financial Planning, Compliance and Ethical Practices of Financial Advisers.
AFPTM / AWP / CFPCM course development and on-going updating.
Overseeing and directly participating in Tutorial Workshops, CE programmes & corporate trainings.
Overseeing and directly participating in marketing and sales strategy.
Participating in new business development opportunities regionally.
Trainer for Tax Planning Module & Financial Plan Construction Module.
Trainer in Tax & Estate Planning & Personal Financial Planning with educational institutions.
Consultant to professional firms in setting up personal financial planning practices (in collaboration with Wen Consulting).
Instrument in developing Retirement Planning & Financial Plan Construction modules for CFP programs.
Overseeing and directly participating in Tutorial Workshops.
Overseeing and directly participating in marketing and sales strategy.
Migration of the company’s training materials on the Internet.
Participating in new business development opportunities regionally.
Representing the Company in developing a financial planning portal.
Mar 99 – Mar 00: Tax Supervisor (Assistant Manager Designate).
Portfolio of about 80 corporate clientele mainly from GLCs, insurance, healthcare,.
manufacturing, trading, telecommunication, service and retail industries.
Tax planning and advisory work to local and overseas management.
Involved in tax planning works especially Double Tax Agreements, Economic.
Expansion Incentives Schemes, Withholding Tax, Dividend Franking, Tax due.
Supervisory duties over three professional staff and trainees.
Portfolio of more than 500 personal, clubs/associations, business & corporate.
Tax planning and advisory work to local and overseas clients, lawyers, private.
Involved in tax planning works especially Expatriate Remuneration Package.
Planning, Area Representative, Dual Contract Agreement, Double Tax.
Agreements, Economic Expansion Incentives Schemes, Withholding Tax,.
Inbound Investments, Outbound Investments, Dividend Franking etc.
General advisory on Property Tax, Estate Duty and other miscellaneous taxes.
Produce Monthly Tax Digest, annual Budget Summary and Expatriate Tax Guide.
Tax planning and advisory work such as Remuneration Package etc.
Portfolio of personal, business, corporate & Charities Clientele.
Tax planning and advisory work such as Remuneration Package.
Preparing seminar material and co-speaker for external seminar for Chinese officials.
Infantry Training Depot ‘K’ Company Best Physical Training.Seek a better prospect and challenging job that best utilize my talents and interest.
Over 10 years of solid full client accounting experience in various industries and environments.
Exceptional expertise in diverse full set accounting functions, including preparation of the unaudited and consolidated Financial Statements in accordance to the FRS.
Experienced in the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards, Singapore’s corporate tax and GST Reporting, and XBRL Reporting.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Effective team player as well as independent staff.
Proficient in various applications and accounting software, including Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Peachtree, MYOB, UBS, EMAS and Microsoft Dynamics.
Completed course of study for Diploma In Accounting and Finance.
A in Business Statistics and Partnership and Company Accounts.
A2 in Mathematics E and Malay Language, B3 in English Language, Principles of Accounts, Combined Humanities, Combined Sciences.
Work closely with the Directors in performing the full range of accounting and accounting related services in relation with the activities of the Companies and client companies from various industries include Investment Holding, Information Technology, Consultancy, etc.
Dealing with all accounting matters (for Singapore, Hong Kong, Brunei and offshore Companies), including monthly, quarterly or yearly management accounts, preparation of unaudited and consolidated Financial Statements, XBRL Reporting.
Dealing with all GST matters for client companies, including quarterly GST reporting and de-registration of GST.
Dealing with all Corporate tax matters for client companies, including submission of ECI, preparation of Tax Computation Form C/Form CS and submission of S45 withholding tax.
Liaison with company secretary, auditors, tax agents and government bodies, such as IRAS, on behalf of clients.
Reason for Leaving : To seek for better career advancement opportunities and exposure.
Axcel Corporate Accounts Pte. Ltd.   23 March 2006 - 31 December 2011.
(Takeover of Axcel Corporate Accounts Pte. Ltd)  1 January 2012 – 6 June 2012.
Assisted the director in overseeing the accounting department.
Maintained full set of accounts of the company and designated clients, includes bank reconciliation, preparation of audit schedules, fixed assets schedule, hire purchase schedule, aged receivables and payables.
Managed over 100 client accounts from diversified industries which include Manufacturing, Engineering, Educational/training, Interior Design, Information Technology, Wholesale/Retail etc.
Handled corporate secretarial, financial reporting,  individual, partnership & corporate tax reporting, GST reporting and staff payroll functions (includes CPF submission, preparation of IR8A form, assist in application of related employment passes).
Liaison with auditors and government bodies, such as ACRA and IRAS, on behalf of clients.
Ensured the station had submitted an accurate bank lodgment.
Received bank remittance and ensure that our account had been credited with the correct amount.
Coordinate a shop during CCN day and help out to sell foods and drinks for fund raising event.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, especially in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Proficient in various accounting software knowledge such as Peachtree Accounting, MYOB Premier, UBS, EMAS, ACCPAC, SAP and Microsoft Dynamics GP.
Baking, Watching Movies and US TV Series, Traveling, Home Decor.Chartered Accountant with experience in the banking/asset management industry, with exposure to operational risk management, trust, regulatory compliance, as well as client servicing and product management, seeking to develop my career in a progressive organization.
(member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants).
Bachelor of Accountancy - 2nd class upper honours (top 20% of cohort).
Hired to build up corporate governance capabilities of the fund house.
Lead a team to ensure the firm’s practices are in line with Group policies, regulatory requirements and best practices.
Work with Group Compliance, Internal and External Auditors, as well as Operational Risk Management Department to ensure that investment teams, marketing teams and back office operations:.
Implement controls to mitigate operational and regulatory risks.
Implement the recommendations as agreed-upon with auditors and regulators.
Coordinate operational risk management reporting for the firm, including reporting on Key Operational Risk Indicators, and providing oversight on Control Self-Assessment Exercises.
Coordinate incident reporting for the firm and ensure effective measures are put in place to prevent recurrence.  Incidents are reported to senior management, regulator, Group Compliance or Operational Risk Management, as appropriate.
Provide oversight for new and existing outsourcing arrangements.
Responsible for complaint management as an independent party.
Hired to add to the bank’s expertise as it expands its presence in Asia to service institutional clients and investment funds.
Client Servicing and Operations (Asset Servicing), VP (2008-2013).
Lead a team of more than 40 staff with responsibilities for Client Servicing, Fund Accounting and Administration, Transfer Agency/Registrar and Compliance Monitoring.
Oversee the implementation of new deals and ensure a smooth on-boarding process.  For existing clients, conduct service reviews and ensure servicing standards are maintained and issues promptly resolved.
Challenge staff to re-engineer existing processes to achieve greater efficiency and accuracy.  Work collaboratively with staff to achieve team goals and KPIs.
Work with Operational Risk Unit and Internal Audit to ensure processes are robust, risks well managed and KRI targets met.
Responsible for recruiting and retaining talent, motivating the team, and equipping team members with technical and soft skills to excel in their jobs.
As product specialist, ensure that the bank’s servicing capabilities meet the investment accounting and reporting needs of clients.  This involves working closely with Sales and Operations to implement client requirements.
Provide sales support by conducting presentations to prospective clients on the product capabilities of the bank, and providing inputs to RFPs.
Work with New York HQ and system vendors to roll out new capabilities to enable the bank to be responsive to market and regulatory requirements (eg compliance to international accounting standards).
Work with Sales to propose to management the pricing for new deals, taking into account any customized requirements and the resources required to service the prospective client.
Hired as key resource to build up the bank’s Trustee capabilities, to support the bank’s foray into Trustee business for investment funds.
Lead a team in performing trustee role over investment funds.  Duties include:.
Oversee the activities of the Fund Accounting Group to ensure that controls are in place to facilitate accurate valuation of portfolios using prevailing accounting standards.
Provide oversight on the custodian bank to ensure prompt settlement of trades and diligent follow up on corporate actions.
Monitor the investment activities of fund managers.  Ensure that investment mandates are complied with.  Acquired an excellent working knowledge of the investment management process, as well as the financial instruments used for investment and risk management.
Review Trust Deeds and liaise with Legal on regulatory matters and new fund launches.
Ensure proper account opening and documentation prior to trading by fund managers.
Perform due diligence on fund managers to ensure that they comply with industry best practices and regulatory requirements.
Participate in management meetings to update management on business and client issues.
Review results of the quarterly Control Self Assessment to ensure that controls are working effectively.
As team manager, monitor the Unit’s achievements against goals, track P&L and resource requirements.
Responsible for staff recruitment, training and development as well as performance evaluation.
Hired as Management Trainee and rotated to Securities & Futures, Banking, Insurance and Finance Departments.
Lead a team in conducting audit of financial institutions.  Conversant with regulatory compliance.  Acquired an excellent understanding of the front and back office operations as well as risk management practices of major market players.
Analyze the financial and business performance of a portfolio of financial institutions on a regular basis.  Acquired strong number crunching and financial analysis skills.
Meet the management team of financial institutions to discuss their strategic approach to business, as well as issues on risk management, market conduct and financial strength.  Acquired a macro view on developments and trends in the financial services industry.
Study international best practices in developed financial markets for adaptation in Singapore.  Draft financial policy papers for industry consultation.  Capable of logical thinking, and expressing well-connected thoughts in a fluent manner.HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Limited, Trust Relationship Manager  7 Sep’15 – Current.
Managing a portfolio of trust relationships and trust structures including charitable trusts with underlying assets such as real estate and investment portfolio.
Carry out annual trust reviews and maintain contact with trust parties to ensure that structures are valid, current, compliant and appropriate in relation to change of circumstances, policies and regulatory requirements.
Handle day to day administrative and distribution requests.
Review client relationships and trust structures to identify new business opportunities from existing client structures, such as cross selling opportunities for Private Banking, Commercial Banking, Retail Banking divisions and within the trust department for philanthropy, governance, liquidity planning and probate.
Review and revise fee in accordance to current pricing guidelines.
Liaise and co-ordinate with third party service providers such as property managers, investment, tax and legal professionals.
Part of the philanthropy team and charities committee that manages charitable trust structures in accordance to the charitable objectives.
Review donation appeals and carry out scholarship interviews together with schools.
Responsible for the safety, security and wellbeing of passengers on board.
Professionally trained in providing excellent customer service.
Received numerous compliment letters from passengers on excellent service.
Travelled, explored and experienced more than 60 cities in over 30 countries all over the world.
Wealth Planning Solutions, Business Development Manager    18 Dec ’11 – 2 Feb’13.
Conducted joint marketing with private bankers to understand clients’ needs and identify new business opportunities for Trust services.
Prepared and drafted trust proposal, trust deeds & letter of wishes.
Liaised with legal and tax advisors to ensure optimum effectiveness and compliance of the trust structures under administration.
Conducted briefings on basic trust business & marketing for new private bankers & assistants.
Main Coordinator for the Universal Life Insurance (“ULI”) Referral Program for both Hong Kong & Singapore Office – worked with an external panel of insurance brokers.
Worked together with the bankers and insurance brokers to market and close ULI deals as well as maintain and follow up on the prospects list.
Restructured and streamlined the firm’s trust marketing materials.
Wealth Planning Solutions, Trust Administration & Business Support, Assistant  18 Oct ’10 – 18 Dec ’11.
Supported the Trust Relationship Management and Administration team in day to day trust administration and maintenance activities including trust accounting and reporting, distributions to beneficiaries and preparing annual trust review reports.
Supported Wealth planners in marketing activities – prepared marketing materials, drafted trust proposals and trust deeds.
Ensured proper documentation is in place for the set-up of new trusts as well as existing trusts.
Handled the settlements of derivative products such as Swaps, FX, FI and Non Deliverable Forwards.
Matched economic details of the trade ticket against the swift note.
Liaised with front office and external counterparties to resolve any settlement issues.
Drafted replies for customer feedback on the performance of Singapore Changi Airport.
Carried out surveys and prepared statistical reports on the performance and efficiency within the transit area.
Assisted in events and meetings co-ordination for the opening of Terminal 3.
Position Held in Class Committee – Class Representative & Social Representative Event Coordinator for Campus Care Network.
Foundation Certificate in International Trust Management (Distinction).
Diploma in International Trust Management (Qualified TEP).• Prepare daily cash projections with accuracy in a timely manner.
• Handle Unit Trust Funds’ regulatory audit and complete statutory reporting within stipulated timeframe.Jan 2017  Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountant (HKICPA).
Oct 2017  Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners Qualification Programme (STEP) – Present    Striving for STEP title in Hong Kong.
Present   Position: Senior Tax Consultant (Private Client Service).
Providing consultation services to affluent individuals to set up and maintain   various trust, fund and company structures for succession and tax planning     Attending client meetings with bankers to discuss the ad-hoc works such as   restructuring of the listed companies and execution of the documents.
Leading team members to complete due diligence requests from banks, registered.
Liaising with Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong to stamp on the share.
Preparing full set of management accounts, maintenance of bank accounts held under trust structure and arranging payment of invoices independently.
Providing company secretarial services to comply with the regulations of the companies in different jurisdictions, e.g. BVI, Cayman Islands and Hong Kong.
Handling due diligence requests from different counterparties.
Performing substantive audit procedures by checking and analyzing documents.
Preparing audit working papers and the financial statements.
Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint).
Native Cantonese and Mandarin speaker/Proficient in English.2003 -2004: Certificates of LCCI (London of Chamber Commerce and Industry Examination Board).
Prepare full-set of client financial statements and consolidation accounts.
Spearhead template for the financial statement comply with FRS.
Analyst bank and brokers’ statements against bookkeeping records.
Organize and ensure that timely delivery of client financial statement.
Develop Singapore accounting process and procedure to improve efficiency and effectiveness of internal processes.
Work across functionally with Trust Admin Team and provide accounting advice and solutions.
Work closely with external counterparts to ensure the transaction compliance with regulatory requirements.
Implemented Accounting process and procedure for improve effectiveness and efficiency of internal controls.
Perform joint venture accounting records (BPIA & BPGIL - BP Global Investment Ltd).
Reconciliation of monthly MI with MA accounting results on a timely & accurate manner.
Consolidate and submit accounts for the business to Group Accounts.
Prepare and submit statistical returns / statutory requirements.
Perform financial control related activities to ensure integrity in the ledgers is upheld.
Key Accountant (full-set) for China and Hong Kong business entities.
Offshore vendor management; managing the outsourced accounting firm in China to ensure compliance with China rules and regulation.
Review and monitor the proper accounting transaction has been booked accurately.
Reconciliation of accounting record between internal management report VS outsource management accounts.
Analyse accounting variances involving transactions ( GL, AR, AP, FA, Inter-Co ).
Prepare and analyse gross profit margin variances (actual, forecast, and budget).
Prepare monthly management and financial report with composing of commentaries.
Manage customer collections, review outstanding payments, manage disputes.
Verify and approve invoice billing to intercompany and third party.
Assist in configure payroll software for China and Hong Kong entities.
Propose and implement processes and controls to improve efficiency and effectiveness of internal workflows/ processes.
Perform audit preparation for internal and external audits.
Work closely with China counterparts to ensure compliance to local regulatory requirements.
Prepare reports for quarterly forecasting and year-end budgeting process.
Implemented internal control to improve effectiveness and efficiency for accounting and payroll.
Accounts Team Lead (Outsource from Chio Lim StoneForest - CPA Firm).
Maintain chart of accounts centrally & coordinate monthly closing of accounts for business entities Malaysia and Indonesia.
Ensure proper & accurate accounting for the financial accounting transaction booked.
Assist RtR manager in troubleshooting accounting system problem from local finance.
Coordinates the preparation of monthly accruals schedules.
Monitor timeliness & completeness of monthly balance sheet schedules.
Perform revaluation of balance sheet accounts exposed to foreign currency fluctuation.
Submit trial balance to HQ thru Financial data management (Hyperion).
Train offshore team in Finance processes, systems and procedures to support Finance as a shared services.
Smooth transition of the Finance processes, systems and procedures to the offshore team in India.
West Pharmaceuticals Services Singapore Pte Ltd   May 2007 – Jun 2012.
Prepare financial statement for internal and external audits.
Credit Management – Monitor and control customers credit limits to ensure compliance with corporate policies.
Manage customers account; manage discrepancies, disputes and payment.
Work cross functionally with Sales Team as key contact relating to Customer Credit limit, and collections.
Prepare monthly and quarterly management sales report with commentaries:.
Implemented Credit Management – reduced business risks and bad debts with the monitoring and controlling of customer’s credit and payments.
Advanced capability in MS Office packages such as Excel, Words, and Power Point.
Working knowledge of SAP, UBS, Micronet, Microsoft Outlook, Lotus note, Hyperion & Quick Book.__________________________________________________________________________.
10 years of experience in finance and accounting in the financial and oil & gas industry.
Effective team-player, Strong ability to multi-task and work independently.
Excellent PC skills, especially in Excel - ability to create and apply various formulas, pivot table and write Macros.
Excellent language skills – bilingual (English & Mandarin); fluent in oral Hokkien and Cantonese.
- Spotted trust fee of US$10,000 not paid by client in 2013. Informed trust manger to recover  the unpaid trust fee;.
- Discovered accounts with contributions and distributions from settlor ranging from  US$2M to $76M not taken into loan. Assist with restating the financial statements from  2011 to 2015 and line manager accepted my suggestion on improving the quality of reporting.
To manage the full set of accounts of trusts and companies under management. This includes bookkeeping, reviewing statements of accounts and preparation of financial statements and minutes;.
To ensure that any audit, tax and regulatory deadlines are adhered to and to facilitate the smooth flow of information both internally and externally;.
To maintain high level of accuracy in reviewing statements and booking transactions.
Hamworthy Combustion Australia/ South East Asia Pty Ltd / Koch Refining International Pte Ltd.
Achievements - Able to independently clear the audit backlog for year 2010 and 2011.
Responsible for full sets of accounts including all day-to-day accounting operations for Singapore branch and Australia office;.
Prepare and provide timely, accurate financial information and monthly reports (HFM report, Aging report, Credit report, Cash flow statement) to Asia Pacific financial controller and management;.
Prepare audit schedules and liaise with auditors accordingly;.
Liaise with company secretary in respect of company matters and tax agents in respect of corporate taxation and tax planning;.
HR duties which includes reviewing of payroll, manage insurance claims and leave administration;.
Assisting Asia Pacific financial controller during the acquisition period;.
Assist with the initial start-up of Asia Pacific shared service department which includes preparing desktop procedures, handling accounts payable and intercompany rebilling.
Responsible for maintaining and managing full sets of accounts (AR, AP & GL);.
Accounts Payable - Ensure all invoices and employee expense claims are properly coded and approved prior to payment, prepare cheques/ TT payments and input details into Oracle system;.
Accounts Receivable - Inputting of Sales invoice details into Oracle system and perform actualisation of Sales in Bulldog trading system (for front office);.
General Ledger - Prepare journal entries and monthly schedules for Prepayment, AP/ AR/ Tax accruals, Provision and Fixed assets;.
Perform month-end closing and billing of inter-company invoices on monthly basis;.
Perform monthly bank reconciliation and monthly suppliers aging report reconciliation;.
Assist in the budget process which includes analysis of actual results vs. budget, preparing charts and PowerPoint slides for budget presentation;.
Ensure compliance with SOX requirements which includes compiling of accounting questionnaires and representation letters from various entities;.
Reconciliation of expense report for management reporting purpose;.
Undertake projects such as cost centres cleanup in GMIS system and accounts receivable reconciliation between TM1 and OBI EE system.
Responsible for the Accounts Payable function which includes payment for suppliers, corporate cards and employee travel and entertainment claims;.
Reviewing all payment vouchers/ entries key in by admin assistant;.
Cash flow control include monitoring cash inflow and outflow;.
Perform monthly bank reconciliation and bi-monthly sales and trail commission reconciliation;.
Fullerton Fund Management Company Limited (Part of Temasek Holdings).
Reason for Leaving: Helping my family with sale of property and renovation.
- Spotted an overpayment of trailer commission paid to distributor from January 2007 to June  2008 of more than US$10,000. Liased with distributor to refund the overpaid commission  & clean-up trailer rate database with trustee to ensure correct trailer rates used for all  distributors;.
- Automated monthly subscription/redemption reconciliation using Excel macros for timely and accurate AUM reporting purpose.
Review Net Asset Values (NAVs) across fund types such as equities, bonds, swaps and other financial instruments for fund managers daily and weekly portfolio reporting;.
Daily processing of funds subscription and redemption (includes Hedge funds, fund of funds) and monthly AUM reporting to management and clients;.
Perform reconciliation on cash, securities, net asset value and derivative positions against custodian records and prepare daily, weekly, monthly and ad-hoc valuation reports for internal and external clients;.
Liased with custodian/trustee/distributor/clients/internal departments (through emails and phone calls) to resolve issues such as subscription or redemption discrepancies or confirmation on orders received;.
Reason for Leaving: Family commitment - took care of my bed-ridden father.
Achievements - Automated monthly commission reconciliation using Excel pivot table and improvised staff reimbursement form from manual data entry of expense claims to auto uploading of expense claims into Sun system using Excel macro.
Responsible for maintaining and managing full sets of accounts (includes maintaining proper record and supporting documents for the books, Bank reconciliation, General Ledger, Payables, Receivables, Inter-company and Fixed Assets accounting);.
Provide assistance to the finance manager in the preparation of management reports, statutory accounts, annual budget and quarterly forecast;.
Preparation of monthly management accounts, quarterly GST returns, quarterly and annual MAS returns, monthly review of capital position and monthly sales commission report;.
Monthly invoicing and payments to external parties and inter-companies;.
Handling employee's travel, entertainment and expense claims and to assist in the processing of monthly payroll;.
Preparing of audit schedules and attending to auditors' enquires.
Maintaining few sets of full set accounts (AR, AP & GL) for clients in trading, retail.
Preparing monthly Income & Expenditure, Balance Sheet, Bank reconciliation and closing of monthly accounts;.
Maintaining monthly payroll for clients using Easypay payroll software;.
Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint, Accpac windows, EasyPay payroll software,.
Oracle, Sun system, Vision Excel, Bloomberg, Peoplesoft, MYOB, NavOne, iTrust.Accountant                     Dec 2016 - Current Associate Accountant                  Feb 2014 – Nov 2016.
Preparation MAS reports and investigated on abnormal variances between periods.
Monitored liquidity requirements and liaised with the traders on the purchase of liquid assets.
Performed daily reconciliation for FX net positions, FX profit & losses and money market instruments between the trader, core banking and accounting systems. Large breaks are investigated and resolved within the day.
Responsible for timely and accurate preparation of reports to head office and surveys for Singapore Statistics.
Participated in month end closing and ensured the accounts are accurate.
Liaised with intercompanies to resolve P&L and Balance Sheet mismatches and charges.
Ensured that expenses are accounted for accurately and approving payment vouchers that requires review.
Reviewed bank reconciliations and ensured that there were no large outstanding items especially during month end reporting.
Mentored and assigned tasks to contract staffs and interns.
Constantly looking for areas of improvement in processes and successfully reduced and improved existing processes.
Excelled in a team environment and covered for team members work when required.
Involved in the whole audit process. Worked in a team and individually when the situation arose.
Collecting audit evidence, carrying out and evaluating the results of the audit tests.
Liaised with clients regarding issues that arose during the course of an audit.
Applied substantive testing procedures and analytical review to meet audit objectives.
Finalising all aspects of audit work including audit report and submitting to the audit partner for review.
Discussed with the audit partner in resolving issues arising from the audit.
Assisted the audit manager in preparing analytical review of financial statements at the preliminary and final review stages.
Coordinated audit team activities to meet objectives within time constrains and mentored junior staffs.
BSc in Accounting & Finance (Honours), University of London, SIM.Managed and administered a group of private trust accounts.
Performed monthly/quarterly closing of the trusts’ management accounts.
Prepared monthly bank reconciliations and reviewed property rental billings and receipts and property-related expenses payment vouchers.
Reviewed the KYC documents of the beneficiaries and prepare distribution schedules.
Assisted and prepared quarterly GST returns and tax computations.
Drafted the audited financial statements for one of the larger private trust clients.
Liaised directly with external auditor and tax agents on audit, tax and GST-related matters.
Championed and liaised directly with vendor from UK on implementation of a customised CRM software (enVisual) and setup of a time-keeping system for the Company.
Ensured that distributions were made paid timely to the beneficiaries (approximately 50 to 80 beneficiaries per month).
Ensured that quarterly management accounts and audited financial statements were prepared and reviewed on time.
Audited engagements in the real estate, REITs, business trusts, shipping industries with audit clients including Keppel REIT, Frasers Commercial Trust, Ascendas India Trust, Croesus Retail Trust, Ezra Holdings Limited, Fujifilm Singapore, Dragon Group International Limited etc.
Planning of audit strategy and engagement resources prior to the commencement of audit field work.
Performed controls testing, variance analysis, review of consolidation workings, review of financial statements and quarterly SGX announcements.
Analysed audit recoverability by comparing actual hours charged by audit team against budget.
Prepared audit plans and audit reports to be presented to the Audit Committee .
Handled the audit engagements and coordinate the audit team well despite extremely tight deadlines (including signing off Group financial statements within one month after the financial year-end, providing audit clearance on reporting packs 3 days before and after financial yearend).
Liaised and communicated with EY audit counterparts in foreign jurisdictions (such as Australia, India, United States) to ensure that the audit procedures are properly documented and audit timeline is met.
Involved in the entire audit for two engagements for four consecutive years from audit planning, audit field work, review of group and subsidiaries financial statements to archiving of the audit.
Dealt with the audit engagement partner directly in clearing audit review points and queries.
Involved in engagements in electronics, charity and logistics industry .
Performed test of details, test of controls, statutory audit, vouching, client inquiry .
Bachelor of Business Administration (Accountancy) with Merit .
  Distinctions in H2 Chinese Language & Literature, Economics and Mathematics, and H1 Physics    Chinese Language Elective Program (CLEP) .
Involved in “NY Non-stop”, a collage news broadcasting program by taking on various roles such as director, editor, cameraman, presenter and reporter.
Produced one of the two news clips that were selected to represent school for DV Campus .
Competition, a nationwide interschool news video filming competition.
Two-week internship with Mediacorp News and assisted in transcription of video clips which is important for the production of a program .
Facilitated secondary school students in filming a news clip during the National Secondary Schools Chinese Media Camp 2006/2007 .
Proficient in Microsoft Office (including Microsoft Excel).
 Reasons for leaving current employment: Looking for better career prospects, professional growth and other challenges at work..Hands on, client-oriented financial professional with 12 years of experience in fund administration.
Fund accounting and custodial functions for Exchange Traded Funds (ETF).
Streamlined and improved internal processes to improve efficiency and reduce cost.
HSBC CEO impact Award, Bronze (deliver service excellence).
Responsible for carrying out all trustee related operational matters including opening/operation of trust/fund accounts in accordance with trustee obligations and applicable regulations and guidelines.
Investment compliance monitoring to ensure investment manager’s adherence with investment restrictions and guidelines as imposed by regulatory requirements, operating policies, and constitutive documents.
Maintenance of internal checklists and control documentation in the event of changes in the regulatory framework relevant to trust and fiduciary activities in Singapore.
Investigate, document, report and resolve issues relating to scope and recommend corrective action where appropriate.
Identify and alert, as and when appropriate, to management the problems, risks, deficiencies and opportunities for re-engineering of controls and processes.
Provide weekly reports, net assets value, assets allocation and performance reports to Director.
Assist in opening accounts with brokers and banks. Prepare minutes, resolutions, and other related documents for opening of accounts. Work closely with counterparties to ensure accounts are opened within timeline.
Sourcing, liaising with system vendors and assist in setting up.
Work with system vendor on data migration, gathering business requirements for data migration needs.
Perform fixed income investment analysis and selection. Assist in preparing stock analysis report.
Perform trades placement and responsible for daily trade processing and settlements.
Forecasting and managing cash movements, positions and overall financial activities of group of companies.
Responsible for providing fund accounting-valuation, trustee, custody, administration services, cash management and settlement to Fund Managers both locally and internationally.
Review Net Asset Value calculations, operating memorandums, prospectus, annual fund reviews.
Ensure that internal procedures are adhered, compliance checks are performed, and clients are satisfied with level of service.
Principal point of contact for clients on operational issues and service requests, liaise with Fund Managers, bankers, auditors and other external parties.
Work closely with Participating dealers and Fund managers on ETF trade ordering, funding, forex execution and settlement.
Participate in new funds launching / ETF IPO, new client take-on and migration activities to ensure a smooth on boarding and transition.
Support related departments on KYC, due diligence, trading accounts opening and prepare standard settlement instructions.
Lead, organize, manage and distribute work flow amongst team.
Training and guidance for portfolio accountants in the team.
Review documents/contracts and liaise with Senior Management on pertinent issues.
Support and liaise BA teams in system upgrade and migration projects, facilitate development of UAT test plan, perform UAT testing.
Suggest process improvements, assist in the implementation of changes and post implementation operation support.
Undertaken the audits of small and medium sized companies in a variety of industries including trading, manufacturing, civil & building contractor in accordance with statutory requirements and approved auditing standards.
Evaluate the effectiveness of clients’ internal control system and make recommendation for improvements on weaknesses identified.
Assist clients in preparing tax computations on corporate tax matters.
Preparing of GST Return, financial and management reports.
Preparing of schedules required for audit and tax computation.
University Of Otago (New Zealand) Bachelor of Commerce Major in finance  1994 – 1996.
Taylor’s College (Malaysia)  Ontario Canada School Diploma   1993 – 1993.Looking for a position which may enhance me to progress as a marketing executive.
Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration.
10/2016-06/2017     McCabe Secretarial Services Limited, Associate 1.
Drafting and engrossing emails and arranging the same to be signed by the Chartered Company Secretary.
Preparing documents for the companies’ annual general meetings.
Preparing the required returns for any changes of the Companies to comply the Companies Ordinance.
Filling of various documents and returns as required under the provisions of the Companies Ordinance.
SUMMER 2016 Zung Fu Company Limited, Part-time Customer Service Assistant.
Providing brief introduction of car products to the potential customers.
Handling in the displays of the shop and telephone calls from the clients.
Promoting courses of piano and violin and arranging schedules for the teachers.
Promoting investment products and providing investing knowledge.
Spoken: Cantonese (Native); English (Fluent); Mandarin (basic business proficiency).
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point and Outlook) - Advanced.Able to operate computer software such as Microsoft Word, Access, Excel, AccPac, SAP, Great Plains Dynamics, Navision, ePOCA, Sun System and ViewPoint.
Performing accounting functions and clearing 4 years of financial backlogs for clients and preparation of financial statements.
Continuous monitoring of investment transactions and bank reconciliations.
Ensuring proper controls, managing and improving systems for efficient processing.
Ensuring effective use of accepted organisational best practice and standards.
Working closely with Trust Officers in supporting the requirements of Wealth Planners, Clients Advisors and Clients.
Performing accounting functions such as receipts and payments for clients books.
Closing of clients books and preparation of financial statements.
Performing accounting functions and preparing financial statements for clients.
Continuous monitoring of investment transactions and bank reconciliations.
Ensuring proper controls, managing and improving systems for efficient processing.
Ensuring effective use of accepted organisational best practice and standards.
Working closely with Trust Officers in supporting the requirements of Wealth Planners, Clients Advisors and Clients.
Using Navision to manage clients portfolios by recording of investment transactions.
Performing accounts payable duties such as vouching, verifying supporting documents against invoices.
Using SAP Software to perform accounts payable duties for two entities includes clearing 4 months of backlogs.
Using SAP Software to perform accounts payable duties with an average monthly of 2000 transactions.
Using Great Plains Dynamics Software to manage accounts payable , bank a/cs & fixed assets.
Need to consider the possible entry errors & processing errors.14 years experience with Royal Bank of Scotland Group including 5 years in wealth management and 5 years in a senior relationship management role within the high net worth sector.
Ability to forge long term relationships with clients and retain and develop client business.
Self motivated team player with strong interpersonal skills.
Good organisational skills and time management, able to manage a large case load and work to tight regulatory and client deadlines.
Feb 2011 – Jun 2015: RBS International, Vice President (International Personal Banking), Singapore.
The role involved managing a currency mortgage book, liaising with clients to negotiate an improvement to their LTV positions and to increase the Banks security through structured payments or security increments.  As a credit management supervisory role, prerequisites include lending assessment capabilities, excellent communication skills and the ability to manage a demanding workload.   I also managed complaint handling: investigating and responding with redress on legacy issues.
Attending senior management committee meetings and risk and control panel.
Managing the Currency Mortgage Book, including 2 relationship managers and 3 ARM’s.
Managing and reporting Management Information (MI) to stakeholders in the Offshore jurisdictions.
Mar 2006 - Feb 2011: RBS International, Premium Banking Manager (Wealth Management), Jersey.
Managing a portfolio of High Net Worth (and Ultra High Net Worth) clients, the position involved adhering to various internal processes and procedures, achieving sales targets whilst fulfilling the fiduciary duty to the client and generally providing the highest level of service.  This was a client facing role, in which I was responsible for all daily banking queries, mortgage/lending requirements and ensuring that client portfolios comprised the most suitable savings/investment products. Working closely with our independent financial advisors, treasury teams and Coutts Private Banking as well as referring business to our corporate banking teams and generally working closely with mutual clients.
During this period I consistently maintained Customer Service Index scores of over 90 (World Class Category), achieved by building solid relationships with my clients and maintaining the highest level of customer service with a personal touch.  My portfolio contained 350 connections, including a diverse spectrum ranging from The Times ‘Rich List’ clients, famous sportsmen, politicians, family offices and partners from leading law firms.
sourcing and development of new client relationships using client and intermediary network.
April 2004 – Mar 2006: NatWest Offshore, Jersey, Client Advisor - Retail Banking (Wealth Division).
Transferred to Offshore Bank Wealth Management.  I carried out a similar role as described below.  In addition I took on line Manager responsibility for colleagues and was involved in training other staff members.
Nov 2001 – April 2004: National Westminster Bank, Client Advisor, Retail Banking, Edinburgh.
This role involved carrying out structured interviews (Personal Review) with clients in order to maximise sales potential and customer satisfaction, thus building a loyal customer base. I was also involved in managing the Branch sales teams.
September 1997 – June 2001: University of Edinburgh - BSc (Hon) Geography 2:2.
October 1989 – June 1997 Victoria College Belfast (10 GCSE’s, 3 A-levels).
I am hugely passionate about travel, whether it be a long weekend or a trip that I have taken months to plan and research.  Living in Asia the opportunities for travel are endless, with superb locations and cultures on our doorstep.  I feel very lucky to have travelled as extensively worldwide and to have so many wonderful experiences and memories.
Amongst other interests I am a keen Yogi, travelling to India and Thailand for yoga retreats, I now practice yoga daily, even if some days it is just a 10 minute wake up routine.  I am also a keen cook and baker, and have an interest in interior design, inspired by the many beautiful hotels and countries I have visited.
I became a mother last year, which has been the biggest challenge of my life so far and which I am finding incredibly rewarding.
I came off my Employment pass in June and am currently residing in Singapore on a Dependant Pass, with the intention to obtain a Letter of Consent to work from MOM.  Therefore an employer should not be required to apply for an EP.7B Block 9 Braemar Hill Mansions Hong Kong ♦ (852) 9331-0557 ♦ daisylil31@gmail.com.
The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Faculty of Law, Hong Kong                                                     Aug 2013 (obtained).
Indiana University Bloomington, Kelley School of Business, United States                                          Aug 2010 (obtained).
♦ Scholarship: IU Special Merit Scholarship for Academic Merit, 2007 – 2008; Dean’s List 2007 – 2008.
♦ Associate Diploma in Recital in Solo Piano (ATCL) issued by Trinity College London.
♦ Maintain and develop client relationships with retail and private banks, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds and     national pensions in Hong Kong, Singapore, Greater China and Macau.
♦ Advise on investment trends and assets allocations that cover firm-wide products including equities, fixed income, multi-    assets and hedge funds.
♦ Provide customized sales services such as regular portfolio and market updates through briefings and meetings;     coordinate seminars and outlook events for clients and their end-clients; respond to clients’ enquiries and requests  ♦ Assist in onboarding new clients, including negotiating distribution agreements, liaising with compliance and operations     for account opening and AML/KYC process.
BOCI Prudential Asset Management Limited, Hong Kong                                                                 Aug 2014 – Aug 2015 Business Analyst, Quantitative Strategy Business Unit ♦ Business Development:.
Prepared pitch books, marketing materials and performance reports for institutional and HNWI.
Established and maintained client relationships; identified market opportunities and organized marketing events ♦ Product Development:.
Collaborated with portfolio managers and internal and external parties to propose investment strategies and set up various private funds.
Reviewed existing products; coordinated with internal departments in relation to managing products’ risks, sales, training, reporting, incentive, marketing and operations.
♦ Conducted product testing research, industry due diligence, branding and competitive analysis.
♦ Developed strategies for generating business and growth in the banking and luxury products segments.
♦ Communicated with regulatory authorities concerning product approvals and regulatory compliance.
♦ Prepared new product submissions to the Food and Drug Administration and internal regulatory bodies.
♦ Liaised with different internal and external parties involved in the clinical trial for medical devices.
The National Society of Collegiate Scholars (N.S.C.S)  , Member                                                          Jan 2008 – May 2011 ♦ Attended exchange programmes among different chapters in the United States.
♦ Fluent in written and spoken English, Mandarin and Cantonese.
♦ Proficient in Microsoft Office, Bloomberg Terminal and Morningstar.Focused​ ​and​ ​committed​ ​professional​ ​with​ ​3+​ ​years​ ​of​ ​hands-on​ ​experience​ ​in​ ​legal​ ​and​ ​administrative support​ ​capacities.​ ​Track​ ​record​ ​of​ ​multi-tasking​ ​accounts​ ​reports​ ​preparation​ ​and​ ​achieving​ ​employer goals​ ​through​ ​legal​ ​research.​ ​Demonstrated​ ​ability​ ​to​ ​follow​ ​through​ ​action​ ​plans​ ​and​ ​a​ ​strong​ ​drive​ ​to succeed.​ ​Organized​ ​and​ ​flexible,able​ ​to​ ​take​ ​new​ ​challenges.​ ​Solid​ ​commitment​ ​in​ ​Litigation​ ​Practice (Civil)​ ​to​ ​consistently​ ​improve​ ​the​ ​functionality​ ​of​ ​legal​ ​work​ ​flow.
Proficient​ ​in​ ​both​ ​written​ ​and​ ​spoken​ ​English ​(​IELTS​ ​6.5), ​ Malay​ ​ and​ ​ ​Tamil.
Waveapps.com ​ (​ Accounting)/Skills ​ set​ ​ of​  ​Google​ ​ Drive​ ​ (​ apps ​ management​ ​ in​ ​ documentation)​.
Microsoft​ ​Office​ ​Applications​ ​:​ ​Words,​ ​Excel,​ ​Power​ Point​ ​​(Typing​ ​-80 ​ words​ ​ per​ ​ minute)​.
Softwares ​ (​ Prezi, ​ WordPerfect​ ​ ,​ ​ LawCruit​ ​ ,LexisNexis/WestLaw​ ​ Next​​  )​ ● RamCI​ ​Search,Ctos,​ ​SSM.
UNIVERSITY​ ​OF​ ​ABERYSTWYTH​ ​,WALES​  ​(Prifysgol)  LLB​ ​Hons.
Legal​ ​Intern​ ​and​ ​Personal​ ​Assistant  ​            September​ ​ 2016​ ​ -​ ​ ​Current.
Assisted​ ​and​ ​supported ​ Mr​ ​​Lawrence ​ in​ ​ legal​ ​​cases​ ​which​ are​​ ​predominantly ​​corporate​ and​ commercial​ ​disputes​ ​matters​ ​with​ ​office​ ​administration, ​ secretarial,​ ​ bookkeeping,​ ​ process​ management​ ​and​ ​other​ ​personal​ ​matters​ ​that​ ​resulted​ ​in ​ excellent​ ​ law​ ​ firm​ ​ management​.
Managed​ ​Hotel​ ​Business ​ (​ Rental ​ Management​  ​-​ Homestay) ​ ​independently ​ by​ ​ ​assisting ​ gues​ t enquiries,​ ​run​ ​daily​ ​reports​ ​(number ​ of​ ​ arrivals,​ ​ ​departures), ​ ​identify ​ any​ ​ special​ ​ ​requests ​ and​ process​ ​all​ ​guest​ ​check-ins, ​​payments​ ​through​ ​cash/credit​ ​and​ ​record​ ​guest​ ​calls​ ​or​ questions,​ resulting​ ​in​ ​overall​ ​customer​ ​satisfaction.
Consolidated​ ​business​ ​accounting​ ​in​ ​Waveapps.com ​ to​ ​ manage​​  Accounts​ ​ payable,​​  Accounts​ receivable,​ ​Balance​ ​Sheet​ ​Reconciliations​ ​(i.e.​ ​Bank​ ​and​ ​Credit​ ​Cards),Month​ ​End/Quarterly/ Yearly​  ​Closing,​ ​General​ ​Ledger​ ​Analysis​ ​and​ ​Financial​ ​Statements​ ​for​ ​Management​ ​that​ ​ensured good​ ​financial​ ​record.
Intercontinental​ ​Hotels​ ​&​ ​Resort​ ​Company​ ​(Kuala​ ​Lumpur).
Strengthened​ ​the​ ​day​ ​to​ ​day​ ​activities ​ of​ ​ Sales​ ​ and​ ​ Marketing​ ​ Department​.
Provided​ ​support​ ​in​ ​efficient​ ​data​ ​entry,​ ​letters ​and​​ ​reports​ ​preparation, ​and​​ ​contracts ​​handling.
Excelled​ ​under ​​Manager’s​ ​guidance​ ​to​ boost​ ​​hotel​ ​occupancy​ ​and​ ​revenue.
Collaborated​ ​with​ ​the​ ​General​ Manager​​ ​and​ ​Sales​ ​Team​ to​ ​​solve​ ​critical​ ​issues​ ​on​ ​time​ ​that​ ​allows smooth ​ operation​ ​ of​ ​ the​ ​ hotel​.
YTL​ ​LAND​ ​,​ ​Lot​ ​10​ ​Mall​ ​Branch​ ​(Kuala​ ​Lumpur).
Assisted ​ with​​ ​all​ ​the ​ processes​ ​ that​ ​  involve​​ ​administrative​ ​management​ ,directory​​ ​maintenance, logistics,equipment​ ​inventory​ ​and​ storage​.
Generated​ ​and​ ​managed​ ​inventory​ of​​  assets​ ​ and​ ​ supplies,​ ​ ​and ​ sourcing​​  for​ ​ suppliers​ ​ ​and ​ vendors​ that​ ​improved​ ​the​ ​efficiency​ ​of​ ​the​ ​department.
Increased​ ​the​ ​productivity​ ​of​ ​invoice​ ​preparation​ which​ ​​resulted ​​in​ ​overall​ ​improvement​ ​of customer​ ​satisfaction.
Participated​ ​in​ ​the​ ​video​ ​speech​ ​to​ ​congratulateth ​ ​His​ ​Royal​ ​Highness​ Tuanku​​ ​Muhriz ​​ibni Almarhum​ ​Tuanku​ ​Munawir,the​ ​11​​ ​​Yang​ ​Dipertuan​ ​Besar​ ​of​ ​Negeri​ ​Sembilan​ ​Malaysia​ ​whom has ​ been​ ​ honoured​ ​ as​ ​ a​ ​ Fellow​​  Of​​ ​Aberystywyth​ University​ ​ ​,Wales.
Successfully ​ zipped​ ​ down​ ​ the​ ​ longest​ ​ Zip​ ​ Line​ ​ in​ ​ ​Europe ​ at​ ​​Zipworld ​​Snowdonia​ and​​ ​awarded with ​ certificate​.
Participated​ ​and​ ​fulfilled​ ​national​ ​duties​ ​in​ Program​ ​​Latihan​ ​Khidmat​ ​Negara​ ​(PLKN)​ ​under Kumpulan ​ 2​ , ​ Siri​ ​ ​ 6,​ Ayer​​ ​Keroh ​​(Melaka).
Bolstered ​ and​ ​ promoted​ ​ ​the​ ​Nottingham​ ​University​ ​Games​ ​2015​ ​to​ ​increase​ ​the ​ attendance​ ​ rate​ among​ ​Malaysian​ ​students​ ​in​ ​United ​​Kingdom.CSA and ACIS (f.k.a. SAICSA) & Practising Member of Chartered Secretaries Institute of    Singapore;.
Affiliated member of Society of Trust & Estate Practitioners (STEP);.
Completed Specialist Diploma in Fund Management and Administration;.
Completed WMI - Advanced Certificate in Trust Services (IBF level 2/3).
Awarded IBF Qualified for Wealth Management (Trust Administration/ Wealth and Estate Planning).
Completed Certificate for Employment Intermediaries (Key Appointment Holders).
Registerd as Qualified Individual with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore (ACRA).
jurisdiction where the companies to be/are incorporated and conduct know your clients check.
(KYC) & due diligence on new clients and newly appointed directors/ officers;.
-Conduct secretarial practices and provide corporate secretarial advice & administration support to the head office and/or Clients to ensure ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements across various jurisdictions;.
-Maintenance of accurate and complete statutory records and filings with ACRA for Singapore and also offshore companies’ clients;.
-Liaise with ACRA, IRAS, MOM for statutory filing and also accountants, tax agents, lawyers and banks in matters relating to corporate issue or licensing requirement, business bank account opening/closing, employment pass, SPR application thru GIP scheme, corporate tax issues, & etc.
-Undertake special assignments; ad-hoc functions and related duties may be assigned from time to time, eg notarisation & legalisation of corporate documents at Ministry of Foreign Affairs and embassy;.
-Supervise the admin assistant in the provision of accounting and administration support. Reason for leaving: Offer an opportunity to work in trust services.
-Assist and support Directors in running the general office, staff management and HR matters, including overseeing/monitoring workflow of the operational team, providing guidance mentorship, decisive leadership relating to Corporate Secretarial matters, Singapore Company Formations;.
-Update Directors on important aspect/changes to government statutory regulations relevant to the firm’s business, as well as improving workflows for increased productivity;.
-Hands-on competency in corporate secretarial functions, including the incorporation of Singapore Companies; updating of statutory records; writing and reviewing Board Resolutions and Memorandum & Articles of Associations, as well as other Company agreements and contracts;.
-Advising client on corporate secretarial matters and ensuring prompt and accurate service delivery at all times, and that they are within compliance for Annual Return filing and update.
-Monitor and follow up of jobs on hand, including problem solving and pro-active participation in resolving Clients’ Corporate Secretarial and Company compliance matters, and recommending solutions;.
-Evaluate, improve and implement standard operating procedures for effective workflows pertaining to Corporate Secretarial work, compliance standards, and other business services; and also ensuring up-to-date documentation for the Company.
Reason for leaving: Seek to work in a MNC related to company secretarial work.
-Compile and prepare the CEO travelling expenses for reimbursement.
-Personal assistant to the Vice President of Asia Pacific Region.
-Handle all finance & human resource matters, and office management.
-Evaluate & implement finance and operational procedures, control & compliance. -Oversee & manage daily full range of office administration, including annual budgeting & forecasting, HR & payroll administration, supplies procurement, staffing needs and other standard office practice, company’s insurance policies and negotiation of office lease; -Liaise with company secretary, auditor and tax agent on all corporate matters.
-Prepare source document to outsourced accountant and ensure that monthly financial reports are submitted on time to HQ, Paris by the outsourced accountant.
-Prepare & submit monthly financial review, annual budget & reforecast reports to HQ.
-Plan, organize and coordinate sales seminar and annual marketing events.
-Interact with distributors / agents across the Asia Pacific region.
-Assist in the take-over & setup of Beijing & Shanghai office.
Reason for leaving:  To seek new opportunity and challenging environment.
-Handle all aspects of human resource functions as well as payroll.
-Liaise with external parties like the company secretary, lawyer, banker, accountant, etc.
-Oversee daily office administration and arrange staff overseas travel.   Reason for leaving: Company ceased operation in Singapore.
-Liaise with the company secretary, auditor & tax advisor, external accountant and lawyer.
-Handle all aspects of human resource functions, including computing monthly payroll.
-Upkeep the accounting records and manage account payables.
-Ensure monthly financial report are submitted to HQ/London by external accountant.
-Lead a team of typesetter and step up as Customer Service to “in-house” clients for jobs going to the press print.
-Over all in charge of office administration and staff supervision.
Reason for leaving: Company wound up due to Asian financial crisis.
-Liaise with the company secretary, auditor & tax advisor, external accountant and lawyer;.
-Handle all aspects of human resource functions, including computing monthly payroll;.
-Upkeep the accounting records and manage account payables;.
-Ensure monthly financial report are submitted to HQ/London by external accountant;.
-Lead a team of typesetter and step up as Customer Service to “in-house” clients for jobs going to the press print;.
-Over all in charge of office administration and staff supervision.
Reason for leaving: Offer a position by the Sales Director who has joined Greenaways.
-Provide administrative and secretarial duties to Managing Partner.
-Handle full set of the company accounts & prepare monthly financial report.
-Administer payroll of about 20 employees and upkeep of personnel records.
-Handle full set of the accounts & provides secretarial & administrative duties -Liaise & coordinate with forwarder for import & export of goods. Reason for leaving: Company has ceased operation.
-Handle full set of the accounts & provides secretarial & administrative duties;.
-Administer payroll of about 50 employees including foreign workers and upkeep of personnel records;.
-Prepare tax clearance IR21 for foreign workers who resigned; -Oversee daily office administration.
-Provide corporate secretarial services to a portfolio of clients;.
-Preparation and update of minutes, resolution and statutory forms for filing with ACRA. Reason for leaving: For a better job offer.
(fka The Singapore Association of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries &.
Associate and Practicing Chartered Secretary Member, Singapore.
Certificate for Employment Intermediaries (Key Appointment Holders), Singapore.
Specialist Diploma in Fund Management & Administration, Singapore.
Recipient of Skillsfuture Study Award for Financial Sector.
Currently pursuing Diploma in International Trust Management.
Equiom Trust Services Pte Ltd (fka Heritage Trust Services Pte Ltd) | Singapore.
-To perform trust administration, including inter alia, maintaining all trustee and administration records, preparing trustee resolutions and other documents in accordance to the requirements of the various legislation, arranging distribution and administering trustees investment, etc. - To assist and handle annual review of the trust accounts and ensure that it meets the company's compliance policy and procedures and also the statutory and regulatory requirements including prudent trust practices.
Assist in setting up of trust, underlying companies structures or agency and provision of other services for new and existing clients, prepare trust related documents, drafting letter of wishes, performing due diligence and KYC on trust related parties, handle & prepare bank and investment accounts opening for the trust structures.
Maintain and update client's data as and when input into the Microgen system.
Be the focal point of contact to liaise with clients, agents, lawyers, private bankers, and interoffices of other jurisdictions on issues or matters relating to the trust.
Appointed as the Company Secretary and ACRA’s registered qualified individual to the Company.
Reason to leave: Seeking for better job opportunity for advancement.
- Oversee the Singapore Office and responsible for the daily operation in providing corporate secretarial services to clients as well as responsible for the application of the professional numbers with ACRA as a registered filing agent and qualified individual for the Company; -Assist the head office in Russia in service operations in International Companies Department, by providing customer service to a portfolio of  clients;.
-Handle company formation/incorporation, post-incorporation and annual licence renewal matters of British Virgins Islands (BVI), Belize and other offshore companies including Singapore;.
-Answer queries from Russian offshore and/or Clients in respect of BVI and other offshore companies includes administrative and management issues, participating in the implementation of client structures;.
-Liaise with offshore agents to ensure compliance of regulatory requirement in various.
-Handle incorporation, administration and liquidation of Singapore companies; -Ensure and prepare documents in compliance to financial statutory and regulation  requirements under  the Singapore Companies Act for corporate clients including prepare minutes &/or resolution of meeting for Directors & Shareholders, Annual Returns, Annual General Meetings and maintenance of Corporate Registers and ensure that it is timely return for lodgement with ACRA and also update in record & file;.
-Maintaining contact by telephone, in writing and at meetings with high net worth portfolio of clients and keeping records of all communications;.
-Liaising with intermediaries including lawyers, accountants, auditors, tax agents and international banks in relation to company activities. Reason for leaving: Better job offer.
-Arrange for board meetings and assist in the coordination for logistics for Annual General Meeting;.
-Compile and circulate agendas and papers for Board of Directors meetings;.
-Providing general administrative support to the Corporate Secretariat function -Other adhoc duties as per assigned by supervisor.DOB: 3 March 1976;  Gender: Female;  Marital Status: Married;  Nationality: Singaporean.
Obtain a challenging position, where I can utilise my knowledge and skills gained from my professional and academic endeavours while exposing to career advancement based on performance.
Perform procedures in the capacity of an audit assistant where the key responsibilities were to perform the test of controls which includes the test of design, implementation and operative effectiveness of various process and the substantive procedures in relation to the financial statement audit in accordance with the applicable auditing framework.
Assisted the teacher in conducting classroom lessons in accordance with the applicable syllabus for the toddlers and also with the preparation of materials for the class.
Major in Psychology, Media & Journalism, English literature and Communicative English.
Institution: St. Teresa's (Junior) College, Cochin, India.
ICPAS Student Member: The Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore.
ACCA Student Member: The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK.
• Knowledge and experience in the Singapore and International Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”).
Good command in written and spoken English and fair command in written and spoken Hindi.
Accounts Officer at TRIDENT TRUST COMPANY (SINGAPORE) PTE. LIMITED (Previous).
Performing Client Accounting (preparation of Financial Statements and monthly preparation of in-and outflow statement) ; Created an excel spreadsheet for reflecting the most recent position of the advance funds that the clients hold with the company; preparing a monthly reconciliation statement of the same; generating bi-annual Creditors Statement report for sending it to the administrators ; initially sending requests to the MD for making transfers within the company account and for payments to third parties and later on performing the same online myself from the Company Account; generating Weekly Report of the sales of the company on every Friday; generating invoices and following up with the administrators for it's approval; generating Aged Debtors Report and sending them to the administrators; scanning in KYC documents of the clients and updating the system, organizing games for the 2016 Christmas Party as a member of the social committee.
I have been responsible for preparation and efiling of various of documents with the respective court through elitigation. Assisting with matters of Civil and Commercial Litigation, Employment Law, Family Law, Probate among others. Accounting matters that I attended to included book keeping, keeping track of the movement of cash between the different accounts maintained by the firm including Clients' Accounts, ensuring there is adequate money in the bank before the monthly preparation and settlement of invoices, doing monthly CPF calculations, keeping files organized and up to date. Other administrative duties among others were attending to phone calls, drafting correspondences, incharge of requisition of Office supplies, maintenance of different office files, managing Petty Cash, taking care of move related matters, despatch of letters and documents and sorting of mails. It was a truly delightful working and learning experience at Soh Wong & Yap.
I was doing statutory audit performing procedures in the capacity of an Audit Assistant. My responsibilities included performing test of controls and doing substantive procedures in relation to the financial statement.
Bachelor's in Communicative English, Literature and Psychology (Triple main).
110 Tanjong Rhu Road, #03-06, The Camelot, Singapore, Singapore, 436928,.Bachelor of Business Administration BBA (Hons) (Marketing).
I am seeking to leverage acquired academic knowledge and work experience to effectively fill the position in the company. Ambitious and responsible worker eager to begin an entry-level position to utilize proven leadership and organizational skills who can be relied upon to help company. I like to gain new experience and skills by contributing more to company.
2013  Universiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM) Kota Bharu, Kelantan.
Bachelor of Business Administration BBA (Hons) (Marketing).
2008-2011  Universiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM) Machang, Kelantan.
2006-2007  Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Sultan Ibrahim Satu,Pasir Mas.
Internship at Liferich International Marketing at Seksyen 13 Shah Alam, Selangor.
Working as Administration Officer at Rockwills Trustee Berhad.
Being promoted as Administration Executive at Rockwills Trustee Berhad.Portcullis (Singapore) Pte Ltd  Corporate Secretarial Assistant  March 2011 – June 2011.
Portcullis Trust (Singapore) Ltd  Trust Administrator  July 2016 - present.
Advise client on pre & post offshore incorporation matters including private companies registered in the BVI, Cayman Islands, Cook Islands, Mauritius, Samoa & Seychelles.
Handle and manage portfolios of high net worth individuals and families.
Handle full spectrum of corporate secretarial works (including nominee corporate director/shareholder services) - offshore companies set up; review & preparation of documents; drafting of resolutions; delivery of corporate documents to clients; maintenance of correspondence, corporate records & statutory registers.
Coordinate with Singapore/overseas offices/agents on pre & post offshore & onshore companies activities e.g. registration & renewal of companies’ licences, annual/ad hoc filings with the relevant authorities.
Maintain corporate database including timely entry of client & corporate details in the customized software.
Ensure compliance with statutory & regulatory requirements, perform risk assessment & periodic review.
Ensure billing of time costs, collect payment timely, review fees & propose fee increase where appropriate.
Maintain & administer private trusts, including compliance, set-up, restructuring, infusion, distribution, acquisition/disposal of assets, account opening/maintenance, investments, trades, payments & termination.
Maintain & administer (including 1.1-1.7 above) asset holding companies & underlying companies of trust.
Liaise with clients, banks, accountants, auditors, tax agents, lawyers, in relation to trust & company activities.
Ensure appropriate consents / approvals are obtained for all transactions.
Ensure every transaction is properly & accurately accounted, documented & filed.
Perform annual trust & company reviews (including CDD, AML, FATCA & risk reviews).
Issue invoices – trust & company set-up fees, annual fees, time costs & disbursements.
3.1 Appointed by Group HR Director as coordinator of the Group’s CSR events in year 2012 (re-appointed in years 2013–2016). Acting as main point of contact for the Group’s community services, organizing & planning for the Group’s monthly visits to Red Cross Home for the Disabled (“Home”) & yearly X’mas party for the residents & staff of the Home), organizing fund raising events, calling for volunteers & etc.
Skilled in Microsoft Applications (Microsoft Words, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point).Chartered Accountant and Trust & Estate Practitioner with extensive experience in wealth planning and managing relationships with international high net worth private clients.
- Present   Director/Client Relationship Manager, Global Wealth Management.
Develop and manage relationships with high net worth private clients and prospects, with core coverage in Singapore, Brunei and China.
Propose strategic wealth management plans for clients based on comprehensive needs and risk profile assessment.
Work closely with investment specialists, wealth planners and external insurance brokers to promote a broad range of financial and wealth management products and services such as equities, fixed income and structured products, trust structures and Universal Life Insurance.
Create synergy with related entities of the Société Générale Group such as corporate & investment banking division, and other global private banking units through cross-selling initiatives.
Continually expand referral network of external business introducers and intermediaries.   Organise and coordinate events for client networking and business development.
- Oct 2012  Director, Business Development – Wealth Planning Team, SG Trust (Asia) Ltd.
Advised and assisted Client Relationship Managers (“CRM”) within the Société Générale Group and their high net worth clients in the structuring of private and corporate trusts for wealth and succession planning purposes, with coverage responsibilities spreading South-East Asia and the Greater China regions.
Built and managed relationships with CRMs and clients through regular visits to South-East Asia and Greater China regions.
Worked closely with tax/legal professionals, insurance brokers/carriers and trust companies located in jurisdictions such as the Channel Islands and Mauritius to establish trust structures, private investment companies and special purpose vehicles.
Drafted proposals (including translations to Chinese language) and trust documents for execution.
Involved in trust management discussions and marketing strategy projects to increase synergy between the trust and private banking units and to uncover opportunities for increased cross-selling.
Trained new CRMs and external introducers in cross-selling trusts and other related products to their clients.
clients to set up investment cells under the Guernsey Protected Cell Companies regulation for highlyconfidential investments.
clients to purchase through partial financing, Universal Life Insurance policies via trust structures as part of wealth and estate planning strategy.
clients to transfer their existing Cayman Islands, Bermudan and Channel Islands trusts to our firm’s trusteeship, re-domicile them in Singapore and handle corresponding asset transfers.
a client to set up a trust involving a Mauritius private investment company to take advantage of the double taxation treaty between Mauritius and Indonesia for withholding tax savings.  Further assisted in the trust restructuring upon subsequent cessation of the double taxation agreement.
a Singaporean client to settle a trust pre-dominantly for estate tax mitigation purposes prior to his firm’s public offering.
Exclusively selected to manage a global trust business integration project encompassing internal and external marketing, global training of wealth planners, etc.
Involved in client servicing, trust and fund administration during the first year with the firm.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________.
Aug 2002  Senior Associate, Assurance & Business Advisory Services Division.
Audited companies and provided business advisory services to clients across the financial, industrial, telecommunication, and government space.
Analyzed key financial ratios and cash flow patterns to obtain understanding of clients’ operations.
Ensured fund managers’ compliance with agreed investment guidelines/trust deeds.
Reviewed and recommended improvements to clients’ internal controls and operations for enhanced compliance with statutory requirements.
Developed audit plans and strategies to address identified risks.
Led a Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS) certification for an asset management house.   Managed and coached various teams of audit professionals in client engagements.
Bachelor of Accountancy with minor in Banking & Finance.  Graduated with Honors.
Professional qualifications:  Trust and Estate Practitioner, Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners (STEP); Chartered Accountant, Institute of Singapore Chartered Accounts.
Licenses:  Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services  (CMFAS) Modules 1B, 5, 6A and 8A; Client Advisor Competency Standards (CACS) 1 & 2.
Language Skills:  Native English speaker and writer.  Excellent in written and spoken Mandarin, with proficiency in translating documents into/from the Chinese language.
Others:  Organised workshops and events for staff of Société Généralé Private Banking Singapore.  Provided weekly community   service at Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (MINDS) and participated in various charity events for the underprivileged in school.  Enjoys yoga and singing.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________.Accounting trained Compliance Manager with over seven years of experience designing and implementing anti-money laundering and counter financing of terrorism programs in a group of companies that includes one licensed Malaysian trust company, one licensed Singaporean trust company and a registered Singaporean corporate secretarial company.
In charge of managing an office with around 20 staff members consisting of a mix of legal advisors, company secretaries and an assortment of accounting, sales and administrative staff.
Group Compliance Head for both the Malaysian and Singaporean offices.
Currently overseeing the migration to a new computing system as well as the company’s CRS preparedness initiatives.
General Manager – Compliance and Finance (Apr 2011 to Jan 2016).
Improved and documented the Group’s Standard Operational Procedures.
Designed and successfully implemented the Company’s compliance program in line with Bank Negara Malaysia’s guidelines.
Conducted AMLA awareness training for both internal staff and licensed representatives/agents.
Headed the accounting and finance team with around 10 staff members.
Actual experience in designing and implementing a risk based anti-money laundering program in a regulated industry.
Good at managing and bringing together people from different and diverse professional backgrounds to achieve a common goal.
Group Managing Director (Rockwills International Group Malaysia).
Director (Rockwills Corporate Services Pte Ltd, Rockwills Trustee Ltd).
Non-Executive Chairman & Independent Director (Rockwills Trustee Berhad Malaysia).
Director (Prudential Fund Management Berhad, Intan Utilities Berhad).• Assist in preparation of yearly or quarterly budget report, including budget versus actual cost variance analysis & reconciliation.
• Active involvement in the project of accounting system data migration & reconciliation of accounts, as well as reorganising accounting systems & assisting with the implementation of accounting software packages.
• Prepare draft financial reports (Audit or Unaudited Report) including preparation & perform data validation of XBRL file for ACRA submission.
• Liaison with internal & external auditors, including preparing audit & tax schedule & related accounting documents.
• Prepare monthly or quarterly of GST report, including reconciliation of standard supplies & purchases, as well as prepares related documents for tax filing.
• Perform monthly forecast cash inflow/outflow and fund management to ensure sufficient fund is available for business operations.
• Prepare full-set of accounts especially for month end closing, which includes issue service invoice to regional offices & cost centres.
• Perform monthly or yearly revaluation on exchange rate differences.
• Providing Trust services such as making payments on behalf of clients to suppliers.
• Prepare & check expense reimbursement for employees, assist on Traveling Transport &Entertainment cost control and communicate with employees if any issue.
• Act as a coordinator to communicate between foreign clients with their local or oversea consultants to address relevant treasury matters, such as payment issues, cheque bank in issue, Standing Order GIRO and international employees’ expenses claim and etc.
• Prepare full-set of accounts on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis.
• Posting all related expenses invoices and journal entries into accounting system (QuickBooks).
• Provide bank Reconciliation on cheque and GIRO deduction on a monthly basis.
• Be responsible for monthly and quarterly GST submission and reconciliation, tax reporting, related documents preparation of tax filing for Singapore legal entity to local tax authority.
• Assist in preparing data or documents and schedules for external audit and ECI submission.
• Prepare monthly payroll and producing payslips, as well as being responsible for monthly CPF submission.
• Reconciliation of Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable and producing Aging Report.
• Perform physical inventory count and prepare inventory count report.
• Prepare full-set of accounts on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis.
• Posting all related expenses invoices and journal entries into accounting system (UBS Accounting).
• Provide bank Reconciliation on cheque and GIRO deduction on a monthly basis.
• Assist in preparing data or documents and schedules for external audit.
• Prepare yearly tax computation to submit to Malaysia Tax Authority (LHDN).
• Reconciliation of Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payables and producing Aging Report.
• Compute the tax liability of the organisation for tax manager department for review and clear the tax review points with clients.
• Verify the supporting documents of bills, receipts and reconciliation statements.
Currently continuing studies in ACCA Part II on part time basis. Estimated to complete the whole course of ACCA in 2 years time.
Accpac Accounting System, Concur, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, MYOB Accounting System, Oracle, Peoplesoft, Quickbooks Accounting Software, XBRL Bizfin Preparation Tool.Address: Blk 225 Lorong 8 Toa Payoh #12-74, Singapore 310225.
To employ my knowledge and experience with the intention of securing a professional career with opportunity for challenges and career advancement, while gaining knowledge of new skills and expertise.
Accounting software: MYOB, Quickbooks, Oracle, SAP, Xero, Accpac, Navision.
Associate, Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA).
Achieved Credit in University of New South Wales International Competitions in English.
Awarded MOE Edusave Scholarship for 4 consecutive years in secondary school.
CBRE Singapore office representative to liaise with Regional Finance Team to implement the Treasury function in Oracle in CBRE Pte Ltd.
Bachelor of Science (Honours) Accounting and Finance: Second Class Honours (Lower Division).
Accounting, secretarial, tax & business advisory services.
*Prepare corporate tax computations, GST tax filings, and other tax matters.
*Attend meetings, liaise with clients and follow up with client accounts.
*Coordinate with various professional parties including lawyers, bankers, auditors and financial professionals.
Accounting, secretarial, tax & business advisory services.
*Prepare corporate tax computations, GST tax filings, and other tax matters.
*Attend meetings, liaise with clients and follow up with client accounts.
*Coordinate with various professional parties including lawyers, bankers, auditors and financial professionals.
*Updated monthly billing files based on the shared fees and co-broke details for revenue and commission purposes.
*Tracked various project costs into different types of fixed asset accounts respectively.
*Coded for AP vouchers dedicated for Finance Department into the system.
*Overall in charge for the above functions for 3 accounting entities.
*Performed all accounting functions, service variance analysis, monthly accounts closing.
*Prepared charter-hire payments, invoicing, receipting and remittance functions.
*Processed salaries (including bonuses), CPF and other statutory contributions of existing and new employees.
*Processed salaries of exit cases (including no-pay leave).
*Ensured that appropriate certification and approvals are in place.
*Ensured that all pay transactions are being verified and approved by Supervisor before being processed for payments.
*Responded timely to customers enquiries pertaining to payroll and claims.
*Exercised independent analysis and judgment according to SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) and recommended course of action when responding to client agencies and customers.
*Routed medical invoices to certifying officer and payment officer after certification.
*Verified and approved general, transport and travel claims.
*Generated reports after each payroll run to ensure accuracy and completeness.
*Checked exception listing for payroll and claim to make sure all are in order.
*Inspected and analysed data to detect deficient controls, fraud, or non-compliance with laws, regulations, and management policies.
School representative in Green Wave Environmental Care Project.Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Seeking a position in financial institutions that can utilize my skills and knowledge, and allow me to incorporate my experience in banking industries and therefore leading to a stable growth for the company.
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Private Trust Assistant  (Trust & Fiduciary Services Department).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Part-time Promoter (Instant-Dict & other electronic appliances).
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.
Distinction in LCC Level  III,  I, Credit in Level II of Certificate in Accounting in 2003, 2004, 2006.
Honour Roll in Spring 2008, Fall 2009, Spring 2009, Fall 2010.
Skilled in Windows, Internet ,E-mail, MS Word, Excel, Power Point.
Typing: English 35 words per minute and Chinese about 35 words per minute.· Responsible for generating financial statements of various business units from SAP.
· Responsible for overseeing the transactions and booking in transactional based entries for relevant business units.
· Assisted in producing ad hoc government statistical reports.
· Responsible for accounting operations and preparing periodic financial reports of shipping trade routes.
· Performed analytical procedures and variance analysis every month end designed to mitigate risk and report significant issues to management.
· Enhanced accuracy of company’s reported financial results and ensure that reported results comply with GAAP and FRS.
· Assisted in compiling, co-ordinating and presenting annual capital and operating budget returns from respective departments.
· Performed financial accounting procedures in accordance with Singapore FRS in SAP.
· Assisted in special ad hoc projects liasing effectively with holding company, local statutory board and co-workers.
· Ensured financial activities are carried out and complied with policies and standard operating procedures and liased effectively with superiors to improve internal processes.
· Accountable for executing daily accounting operations in ACCPAC v5.4A.
· Performed monthly GL reconciliation and analysis of balance sheet and profit and loss.
· Prepared quarterly financial reporting to local statutory board – MAS & monthly regulatory tax reporting to IRAS.
· Ensured timely monthly group and quarterly financial reporting to headquarters.
· Assisted in preparing detailed management accounts and performed monthly variance analysis – budget against actual and actual against prior years.
· Analyzed financial statements in accordance with local reporting standards for listed companies using Microsoft Office.
· Assisted in special engagement consolidation project and ensured compliance with SFRS.
· Enhanced negotiating skills in liasing directly with financial controllers to better understand business climate and business practice of hospitality and F&B industry.
· Prepared audit working papers and conducted audit fieldwork of local entities in hospitality, manufacturing and property sector and hence gained industry knowledge.Dedicated professional with over 10 years of experience in building strategic client relationship through excellent service and marketing initiatives.
Well-equipped with the qualities to work under pressure. Adept at time management, multitasking and prioritizing.
Bank Julius Baer & Co Ltd Hong Kong        June 2016 – Present Assistant Relationship Manager (China Market).
Manage all service and investment related queries, handling them in a timely and competent manner.
Assist in all compliance related management reports to ensure all internal policies and external regulations are adhered; follow-ups with Private Banker and clients are closely tracked.
Contribute to the marketing efforts of the Private Banker by regularly updating the pitch book with relevant market information and products that are suitable for clients’ investment needs.
Morgan Stanley Personal Wealth Management Hong Kong  May 2015 – May 2016.
Providing client support to 2 Private Bankers in executing banking and investment transactions for clients.
Being the main point of contact between and internal departments to follow up all customer service issues and escalate customer complaints to seniors in accordance with established procedures.
Providing timely and concise market update and information flow to both internal parties and clients.
Credit Suisse Private Banking Singapore      December 2014 – April 2015 Assistant Relationship Manager (Malaysia Market).
Efficiently handle client portfolios by keeping abreast with product knowledge, system capabilities and compliance requirements.
Independently manage trade execution, funding and cash management for clients.
Assist the Private Banker to maintain a system to keep track and manage the various asset classes that were held across her clients.
BNP Paribus Wealth Management Singapore      May 2011 – November 2014 Marketing Assistant (NRI Market).
Act as the primary point of contact for the Senior Private Banker’s selection of clients based in SEA countries mainly such as Indonesia, Thailand and Philippines.
Monitor and effectively manage portfolios consisting of international equities, fixed income, FX contracts, managed funds, structured products and derivatives.
Training and managing the Junior Assistants to make sure a smooth flow of processing.
HSBC Singapore            October 2009 – December 2010 Premier Service Assistant Manager.
Provide sales administrative support to the Relationship Managers; to ensure all sales documentation are in order and completed before batching down to Operations.
To coordinate and liaise with Front Office and Back Office to ensure smooth and efficient flow of processing and prompt follow up on any discrepancies.
Follow up on sales-related complaints according to the established procedures and guidelines by liaising with the respective departments.
HSBC Singapore            November 2007 – September 2009 Sales Support Assistant Manager.
Provide sales administrative support to the Sales Managers at CTLA (Corporate Trust and Loan Agency); to guarantee a well-organized handling of all matters.
Perform KYC (Know your client) checks for on-boarding Corporate clients in accordance with the bank’s policies and guidelines, follow up and resolve documentation issues with customers in order to protect the bank’s position.
Coordinate and participate in risk review meetings and risk management with Legal Compliance.
Citibank Singapore            July 2007 – October 2007 Control Officer.
Monitor and control the requestors’ access to the bank system; ensure compliance with internal guidelines and procedures.
To update static date accurately and ensure adequate internal controls are in place to minimize errors and provide an adequate audit trail.
United Overseas Bank Singapore        August 2006 – May 2007 Personal Banker.
Acquire, develop and service long term relationships to an assigned group of clients.
To grow on portfolio and management account profitability through dedicated customer servicing.
CACS – Client Advisory Competency Standards     March 2013   Paper 1 and 2.The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).
__________________________________________________________________________.
Responsible for a portfolio of accounts for private trust clients.
Ensure that accounts are in compliance with IFRS and entity reporting requirements.
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders such as trust administrator, external auditor, tax agents and corporate secretarial in relation with statutory reporting for Singapore registered entities.
Working in partnership with other office location(s) in ensuring best practices and alignment of processes.
Participate in project initiative around reporting and controls, process reviews and system enhancements.
Managed a portfolio of audit and tax clients with broad range of industry: trading, manufacturer, contractor business and property developer.
Prepared the Financial Statements in accordance of Financial Reporting Standard (FRS) and Singapore Accounting Standard and corporate income tax computation.
Assisting client with IRAS income tax submission, IRAS queries and follow up of other tax matters.
Planning and execution on the business penetration strategy within  market.
Establish new business contact and maintain the relation with existing client.
Determine the product design for the range in  market and order volume on the product carried.
Responsible for recruitment and staff training for the promotion project in the client’s premises.
Sales forecasting base on the market trend and demand strength at the period of time.
Maintain a product portfolio and selection on product range and model to better suit the company targeted market segment.
Responsibilities including marketing strategy of those products, sales forecasting, and promotional strategy.
Conduct technical training to enhance the team technical knowledge, to increase positive motivation among staff.
PT Bina Elektronik Persada (Jakarta, Indonesia.)  Apr 1997 – Sept 1999.
Maintain company’s receivable and payable account, including reconciliation balances.
___________________________________________________________________________.
Diligent, team oriented, critical thinking, take ownership of task, independent and result oriented.Company: EFG Wealth Solutions (Singapore) Limited, EFG Private Bank.
Position:  Administration Executive, Trust Administration Team.
Date Joined: 21 March 2016 – 31 December 2016 (contract term).
US-FATCA, UK-DOT, OECD-CRS (Self-Certification for Individual and/or Entities), W-8BEN.
Filing Resolution template, Client’s details, Investor Risk Profile, Unsecure E-mail communication, Holdmail, W-8BEN, Instruction Letter, authorized signatory list, verify signatory.
Administer Loan facility process - Pledge of Assets, Memorandum of Charge.
Administer Closing/ Termination process for instance Bank account closing, winding-up Company, Trust Structure Termination.
Financial statements/reports - Profit & Loss, Balance Sheet, Trial Balance;.
***********************************************************************************************************************.
Date Joined: As Permanent Staff from 22nd September 2008 – 5th June 2014.
(As Temporary Staff from 31st March 2008 – 21st September 2008).
Fiduciary Control of Trust, Investment and Assets Management, Trust Administration.
Responsible maintain the client’s funds that was put into the trust by investing it and monitoring those investments (including real estate, arts, private jet, yacht and others investment product). Liquidating or trading assets as needed and making payments to the beneficiaries when required and handle correctly as set out in the terms of trust.
As a duty to the beneficiaries of the trust. That is must keep current on tax planning and investment matters (including investment performance review and analysis) to administer the trust to the benefit of the client.
Responsible for maintaining a relationship with the beneficiaries and handling the clients' needs. Cooperation with Relationship manager from the bank connecting with the client to develop new business.
Maintaining the trust compliant with applicable Trust Deed, policies, laws and regulations (such as Anti Money Laundering, Know Your Client Check (KYC), US FATCA, UK DOT etc).
Conduct training of Trust Fiduciary Control and Trust assets’ Investment performance review for new Trust Officer.
Conduct briefing of trust structure performance to client.
Developed Assets Movement Monitoring Tools to improve productivity by reduce processing time.
Re-organized office administration workflow to improve work efficiency.
************************************************************************************************************************.
Analyze company business plan, financial statements & advise on investments, marketing, and potential funding opportunities.
Analyze & enhance due diligence on International Business and Investment Research.
Coordinate with Sales & Marketing, Logistics Department in Car’s drifting team sponsorship & Automobile Service Centre operation.
Interpreter to Operation Director on English and Chinese languages.
Improve company export turnover and developed new market into Myanmar, Malaysia, Hong Kong.
Organized group tour for clients to visit tyre’s manufacturing company and holiday in Taiwan.
Represented company to attend automotive aftermarket SEMA Show 2006 Exhibition and Seminar at Las Vegas, United States.
************************************************************************************************************************.
Promoting high-end residential property market to Local and International Market.
Prepared sales and marketing reports, budgeting, Coordinate with Lawyer on Sales & Purchase Agreement, liaise with Company’s Building Division on property development projects.
Represent Company to attend State Housing Development Association meeting.
Achieved company luxury residential property development objective by attracting foreign investors.
Achieved establish company as a well-known brand in luxury property development.
************************************************************************************************************************.
Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners (STEP), United Kingdom.
Staffordshire University, Stoke-On-Trent, United Kingdom.
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (O levels) All Saints High School, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah.
Regulatory submission - US-FATCA, UK-DOT, OECD-CRS, W-8BEN (year 2016).
Anti Money Laundering, Know Your Client Check, Client onboarding process (Trust service), Prepare regulatory submission process: US-FATCA, UK-DOT, OECD-CRS (Self-Certification for Individual and/or Entities), W-8BEN.
Investment Performance Review, Asset Management, Investment / Business Analyst, Asset movement monitoring, Situs asset monitoring (US, UK, EU, APAC), International Business Development.
Leadership skill, Interpersonal communication skill, Foreign relations, Marketing.
Attended executive training program at PR China called “One Belt One Road” to learn China foreign trade policy, understand China Free Trade policy and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank financial facility.
Represented Singapore Foo Chow Association visit Fu Zhou City’s Mayor of Fujian Province, China and China Overseas Chinese Representative Office’s Board members and Officers.
Address   : Block 859 #02-588 Jurong West Street 81 Singapore 640859.
Others Languages : Fuzhou, Hokkien, Cantonese, Hakka, Bahasa Indonesia.
Computer Literacy : Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Word/Excel) UBS Accounting    System, ERP System.
Interest/Hobbies : Running marathon, table-tennis, badminton, reading (Business,.
Association / Societies   : Committee Member of Singapore FooChow Association membership    Member of Business China Singapore.Responsible for a client portfolio with more than 120 companies registered mainly in Hong Kong and British Virgin Islands:-  Providing professional compliance-related advices.
(Transfer of Shares/ Allotment)  - Opening of Bank Account(s); and - Change of Officers;  - Incorporation / deregistration.
Subsidiary of Human Health Holdings Limited (HKEx Stock Code: 1419).
Human Resources Clerk (Summer Intern)   Human Resources Clerk (Part-time).
Sep 2012 - Jun 2014    The HKU SPACE Po Leung Kuk Community College.
Years 2014 - 2016    The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.
Fluent in Chinese, English, Mandarin speaking; Proficient in Chinese and English reading/ writing.The programme combines finance with governance in the first semester, while in the second semester it specialises in governing risk, business ethics, social and environmental accounting as well as to engage in further studies in accountancy and finance. It prepares me for a career in wide areas such as governance and compliance.
MALAYSIA INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATORS (ICSA).
There are four major papers which are company secretarial practice, corporate administration, corporate finance and corporate governance. This programme focuses on risk, compliance and governance which prepare me to be a Company Secretary and other wide range of job opportunities.
This multidisciplinary programme that major in company law, business law, taxation, accounting, social marketing, innovation management, computer science, corporate governance, corporate strategic management and corporate finance.
I learnt the process of managing information and understand institutions that responsible in managing information such as library, record management, archives and museum. In addition, the course taught in other major such as information technology, multimedia and information system.
The job scope includes preparation before board meeting, attending board meeting, drafting minutes and Directors’ Circular Resolution, prepare documents to be lodged to Companies Commission of Malaysia, updating register and minutes books, prepare documents on appointment, resignation of director, making announcement, reviewing Annual Report, being a scrutinizer during Annual General Meeting, prepare Semi Annual Return for Public Companies. Boardroom provides regular training session on Companies Act 2016, Listing Requirements and Malaysia Code of Corporate Governance 2016 that able to instill me with abundant of knowledge and updating me with current situation of the corporate environment.
My scope of work is to manage salary journal, assisted with recruitment strategies and events for employment, update databases and information of staff, collected data and compiled overall hiring report, arranged personal files, prepared pay slip and other office support for HR staff.
I experienced a lot in terms of administration work such as received and greet all visitors in a professional and warm manner, provide front desk reception duties for the office which includes handling of all phone calls and manage internal & external customers timely and professionally, collected and distributed all incoming mails and courier items, developed and maintained a tracking system on all incoming & outgoing mails and courier items for the office, arranged booking on meeting room, assisted in any ad-hoc duties, projects and activities as and when required.
Being involved in stock control and management, assisted shoppers to find the goods and products they are looking for, being responsible for processing cash and card payments. Stocking shelves with merchandise, gave advice and guidance on product selection to customers, balanced cash registers with receipts, dealt with customer refunds, keeping the store tidy and clean, this includes hovering and mopping, responsible dealing with customer complaints, attached price tags to merchandise on the shop floor, responsible for security within the store and being on the lookout for shoplifters and fraudulent credit cards, kept up to date with special promotions and putting up displays.
I am committed in doing task, able to be a good team player, fast learner and an enthusiastic selfstarter with strong leadership and communication skills. I consider myself as someone who always looks forward to improve my skills. In addition, once I have been given opportunity I will give my best and look forward in achieving it without taking things for granted.
PARTICIPATION, VOLUNTARY WORK, & CO-CURRICULUM ACTIVITIES.
BADMINTON PLAYER FOR UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY MARA, MALAYSIA.
2ND PLACE FOR SPELLING BEE, UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY MARA, MALAYSIA.
PARTICIPATE IN “I LOVE MALAYSIA” SOCIAL MARKETING PROGRAMME BY FACULTY ADMINISTRATIVE.
SCIENCE & POLICY STUDIES, MARA UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY MARA, MALAYSIA.
PARTICIPATE IN “TRANSFORMASI 1 MALAYSIA” PROGRAMME BY DEPARTMENT OF PRIME MINISTER.
PARTICIPATE IN ‘INNOVATION, INVENTION AND DESIGN COMPETITION 2012” ORGANIZED BY FACULTY OF  ADMINISTRATIVE SCIENCE & POLICY STUDIES.
PARTICIPATE IN THE STUDENT’S CONFERENCE “VALUE CREATION FOR CORPORATE EMPLOYABILITY” BY.
MALAYSIA INSTITUTE CHARTERED SECRETARIES AND ADMINISTRATIVE (MAICSA).
PARTICIPATE IN KECHARA SOUP KITCHEN VOLUNTEERING SERVICES AS ORGANIZED BY BOARDROOM CORPORATE SERVICES (KL) SDN BHD IN CONJUCTION WITH KECHARA FOOD BANK WHERE WE DISTRIBUTED FOOD AND OTHER ITEMS TO THE FAMILIES IN NEED.
Position   : Head of Centre of Studies of Corporate Administration.
Address   : Faculty of Administration Science and Policy Studies,.
University Technology Mara, 40450, Shah Alam, Selangor Relationship  : University Lecturer.
Address   : Lot 6.05, Level 6, KPMG Tower 8 First Avenue, Bandar Utama, 47800 Selangor, Malaysia.Qualification    Holder of SFC licence Type 1,4, 9 & Licensed MPFA Intermediary.
BSc (Hons) Statistics and Operational Research with Management Studies.
  GCE A Level 4’As and 1 GCE AS Level grade A at Chemistry and grade B at Physics.
Associate, Client Account Management, Institutional and Pension.
Responsible for legal, operational and all other non-investment requirements of our Institutional client base including large corps, pension schemes, insurance companies, sovereign and central banks.
Managed various account types including segregated accounts, multiple fund range including UTs and SICAVs.
Duties include respond to client enquiries and have them resolved in an expedient manner, works cross functionally across number of departments and region.
Provide support to the Sales team, include information research and preparation of meeting materials.
Negotiation of legal documents including IMAs, co-ordination of account openings/closure, perform KYC and AML on accounts to ensure compliance to regulations, overseeing audits and due diligence visit.
Strong understanding of operations and market trade flows and act as single contact point to client in resolving day to day queries.
Meet and conduct service review with existing or prospective clients / representatives.
Ambassador on global client experience initiatives and work on client servicing projects.
Aug 2011 – Jun 2013   Citigroup, Institutional Client Group, Hong Kong –.
Securities and Funds Services Operations –    Corporate Actions Analyst, Securities Processor.
Generate and manage message notifications, corporate actions confirmations, event narratives, corporate action status and market watch outs via SWIFTS.
Carry out global securities lending business for all cross board transactions for HK & UK global windows, work closely with traders, security lending team and counterparties.
Lead on ad hoc projects for the department, participated in LEAN project, UAT system testings, community services and Voice on Employees projects.
Provide assistance and support on a number of arbitration cases.
Risk calculation and risk analysis from risk assessment questionnaires.
Languages – Fluent in English, Cantonese and Mandarin, written and verbal International English Testing System (IELTS) -  Overall score 8.0.I am currently pursuing Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) qualification.
Technical Assistant-Accounts at BMI ACCOUNTING SERVICES PTE. LTD.
1. Prepare and maintain accounts on a monthly basis for various portfolio.
2. Attend and assist with clients queries pertaining to their account matter.
•Perform audit check for client portfolio on a monthly basis and addressing market value discrepancy before timely delivery to client.
•Reviewing day-to-day business as usual checks for client portfolio on exception basis. Both client and internal partner queries are attended to promptly.
•Enquiries are raised to internal partner for various verification, as well as challenging relevant partner area when further confirmation is required.A meticulous financial professional with well-rounded commercial knowledge and a team player with integrity, who are adaptable to new challenges.
Anglo-Chinese Junior College, Singapore（Singapore International Foundation-MOE full scholarship）.
Anglo-Chinese School (Independent), Singapore (SIF-MOE full scholarship).
Vistra Corporate Services (SEA) Pte. Ltd. (MNC in Corporate service & fund service industry).
-Prepare/review full set of accounts which includes payroll;.
-Prepare/review unaudited financial statements and XBRL;.
-Assist client in handling treasury and banking functions such as remittances and routine operations for a portfolio of clients;.
-Acted as Trust accountant for Vistra’s trust fund portfolio;.
New Energy Resources Pte. Ltd. (Local bunker oil trading firm).
Three-month internship in China Shanghai Pu Dong Development Bank as Associate Front Desk Manager.
-Instruct customer to use online services to access to introduction of the various funds in the market and purchase them online;.
-Provide customer with an introduction of the financial products available;.
Native in Mandarin Chinese, Microsoft Word/Excel/PowerPoint, Auto CAD, MYOB, Sage Easypay, Viewpoint (Trust Accounting Software), IBMS (ERP/accounting software used in bunker industry).Executive Diploma in Corporate Administration (SAICSA) - 2008.
English for Business Communications – (Intermediate) – First Class (1985).
Nature of Business:  Company Formation and provision of Fiduciary services.
Assisted with an assistant, managing a portfolio of offshore companies incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, Seychelles, Samoa, Anguilla, Cayman Islands etc.
Ensuring compliance with in-house due diligence requirements as well as review on an annual basis.
Ensuring companies’ renewals are done promptly on an annual basis.
Monitoring and training assistant as well as ensuring that the in-house systems (Viewpoint) is updated promptly.
Preparing and compiling sales revenue reports for management.
Keeping updated with statutory changes in jurisdictions and enforcing them.
Reviewing legal documents relating to company transactions.
===========================================================.
Nature of Business: Independent trust company providing customized corporate, trustee and fund administration and management services to private individuals, institutions and professional advisers and their clients around the world.
Typing, handling and filing legal correspondence, documents, etc.
Liaising with financial institutions, professional firms and individual businesspersons on company setups including advising on statutory requirements.
Managing and administering the incorporations/conversions/re-domiciliation and administration of offshore companies in jurisdictions such as the British Virgin Islands, Mauritius, Labuan, Malaysia, Samoa, Cook Islands, Cayman Islands, Seychelles etc.
Ensure compliance and due diligence when offshore trust structures are created.
Management of the Group’s structures, which involve the maintenance of a corporate calendar and statutory compliance, are met and handled in an efficient manner.
Handling renewals of licenses for companies in various jurisdictions.
Looking into department’s needs in terms of printing, software updates, stationary, etc.
Preparing brief write-ups on jurisdictions as and when required.
Assisted by two staff: delegation, monitoring and over-looking the work done by assistants.
In-charge of a certain clientele, which includes financial institutions, professional firms and individual businesspersons.
Ensure compliance and due diligence when offshore trust structures are created.
Preparing trust documentation for new trust set-ups.  Generally handled trusts in British Virgin Islands, Cook Islands and Singapore.
Obtaining due diligence documents on new clients and ensuring compliance with in-house requirements.
Appointment of additional beneficiaries and/or excluded persons.
Preparing required documentation for distributions and infusion of additional trust funds, including updating requisite schedules.
Working with legal counsel on termination of trust before perpetuity period.
Reviewing new investments, preparing requisite investment directions.
Collecting trustee’s fee and chasing/collection of debtors.
===========================================================.
Provide personal administrative support to management and the company through conducting and organizing administrative duties and activities including receiving and handling information. Preparation & submitting technical Bids for tenders. General secretarial duties.
===========================================================.
Reason for leaving:   Firm’s operations in Singapore were closed.
Receiving incoming mail, making travel and hotel arrangements and preparing itineraries, updating marketing and technical information, attend board meetings, including the preparation of minutes, etc.
===========================================================.
Duration of Employment:  October 1985 to October 1988 (on contract basis).
Receiving incoming mail, typing and filing correspondences, keeping employer’s diary, arranging meetings and appointments, supervision of junior clerical staff, handling petty cash, site allowance claims, leave applications etc., updating of staff charts, site records, obtaining approval from Public Works Department for road closures during site inspections, etc.
===========================================================.
Nature of Business: Aviation Firm which involves the maintenance of various commercial aircrafts.
Handling personnel records, which includes leave, increment etc, arranging travel for expatriate staff, handling all administrative duties, typing, filing, etc.
===========================================================.
Nature of Business: Aviation firm involving the maintenance of military aircrafts.
Typing, filing of general correspondence, handling stationery requirements for department, computating hours worked by production staff, etc.Trained with integrated Business Management with solid working experience in Company Secretarial, Human Resources related assignments and administrative support in private and public sector, Zeke demonstrated himself as an honest person, supportive team player, efficient communicator, fast learner and enthusiastic problem solver with business sense and ethics. Zeke targets to contribute to businesses and create value for internal customers and clients by practicing his value of lifelong learning and emphasizing workforce competence.
Gaw Capital Partner – Gaw Capital Advisors Limited      June 2017 – Dec 2017.
Corporate Secretary Assistant, Corporate Secretary Department.
Assist in company secretarial duties in Hong Kong and offshore companies.
Prepare minutes with respect of incorporation, board resolution, change of directors,.
transfer of shares, bank account opening documents and other related corporate documentation.
Update and maintain statutory records and filing system in both softcopy and hard copy.
Provide administrative support to various private equity funds.
Issue and update Capital account statements, Management Fee invoices, Capital Call notices.
Hitachi Group - Hitachi (Hong Kong) Limited       July 2016 – April 2017.
Support daily HR operations for Recruitment & Selection and Training & Development.
Provide end-to-end Recruitment Services in junior openings.
Provide administrative supports in Executive Trainee Programme.
Assist in the logistics of internal training and Hitachi Group Training programmes.
Facilitate activities for employees’ relations building with sub-committee members.
The Independent Checking Unit (ICU), Housing Department     May 2014 – July 2016.
Temporary Part-time Contract Service Clerk - Cathay Employment Agency.
Data Processing and Clerical Clerk - Hitech Personnel Agency Co Ltd.
Clerical and Data Input Assistant - Apex Consultants Limited.
Record all in-coming and out-going documents/correspondence in ICU’s file/IT system.
Verify the data of in-coming documents against those stored in ICU’s database.
Assist in other clerical and data input work as assigned by Housing Department representatives.
(Subject exemptions: Strategic & Operations Management and Hong Kong Financial Accounting).
Undergraduates in the top 10 percent of the final year or in the top 5 percent of the next to last year of study; postgraduates in the top 10 percent; or PhD graduates.
Hong Kong Baptist University Students’ Union Society of Human Resources                April 2015 – March 2016.
execute various events serving approximately 100+ student members.
Team Representative in “Intervarsity Undergraduate Practicum Scheme (IUPS) 2015”.
Organized by the International Institute of Management (IIM)                                             June 2015 – July 2015.
Coordinate with 4 students from different universities to plan and present.
a consultancy project to Client Company for a period of 6 weeks.
Conduct research, data collection and analysis on the needs and issues.
of the client through interviews to translate their requirements.
Interact closely with client through regular project updates and networking.
Fluent in Chinese, English and Mandarin (Written and Spoken).
IELTS: Overall Band Score 6.5 (Listening 6.0, Reading 7.0, Writing 6.5, Speaking 6.5).
Common Recruitment Examination (CRE): Level 2 in Use of English & Use of Chinese.
Computing skills: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Chinese and English Word processing.
Centre for Human Resources Strategy and Development (CHRSD).
Expected Salary: HK$ 15,000  Availability:  2nd January 2018.Operational and management experience, Board of director of the companies and Resident Manager of the Trust Company in Singapore.
Competent in the fields - Finance, Trust and Compliance; Trust Estate Practitioner under the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioner (STEP) and Qualified Practitioner in International Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering.  Private Equity and Real Estate Structuring Deals and Negotiation.
Conversant in Corporate and Private Trusts, Unit Trust Funds, Funds, Portfolio Valuation, REITs, Structuring for Wealth Management, Corporate Services, Escrows, Corporate Actions, Paying Agent, Bonds, Debt Restructuring, Settlements and various banking instruments. Private Equity and Real Estate Fund administration and Fund Lawyer.
Expertise:- Fund Administration for Hedge, Private Equity and Real Estate Funds (Listed and non-listed), Corporate and Private Trusts Structuring and Administration, Compliance and Client Onboarding, Corporate Secretarial Services, Office and Operational Management, Review of documention and procedures, Legal documentation.
Privately Held; 250 employees; Financial Services industry.
- Executive Management Committee, Senior Management of Winterbotham Group.
Formerly the Trust Arm of ING Bank prior to Management Buyout in 2007.
Privately Held; 550 employees; Financial Services industry.
Head – Funds, Corporate and Trusts (April 2011 to April 2012).
Director – Funds, Corporate and Trusts (April 2012 to November 2015).
- On board as Management Team, Director on Board of Directors.
- Direct report to the Head office aside from Managing Director.
- Assistant Managing Director of an office of 25 (organic growth achieved from 4 employees since Aug 2010 – 25% year on year increase over last 4 years).
- Operational and Management of Singapore Office for the managing director.
- Registered as Resident Manager with the Monetary Authority of Singapore for Trust license as main manager.
- Business Development for all services, Expansion of office/ team, services and networks.
Introduce, Re-align, review of product as well as creation of processes in line with.
Group Policies which were brought down, adopted and enhanced from ING Bank Group policies.
Oversee, enforce processes in all Operational aspects as well as ensuring day to day deliverables for all products and clients.
Ensuring all Group and local policies (such as MAS’) are being met and enforced.
Ensuring understanding and handling of operations and day-to-day activities of all client work.
Direct report for all - Fund administrators, Legal and Secretarial, Accounting, Business Development Teams.
Managing client relationships with clients – Fund Managers, Private Bankers, Clients (Institutional and Private).
Managing relationships with Business partners – Auditors, custodians, Agents, etc.
Managing revenue numbers, client inflows and revenue targets are being met and exceeded, managing cost and work efficiency of the office.
Hedge funds, Private Equity and Real Estate Fund Administration.
Custodial Services for Listed and Non-listed assets, equities.
Transfer Agency, Shareholder Services, Limited Partnership listings – depending on Jurisdiction.
Focus in Jurisdiction – Cayman Island Funds, Singapore licensed Funds, Labuan Funds.
Corporate Secretarial Services on Investment vehicles, General Partners, Funds.
Nominee, Resident directorships for General Partners, MAS Approved Funds, Investment vehicles.
Compliance/ KYC of investors (200 investors on a single fund).
Investor Relations – main contact for investor relations for closings.
Liaison with legal counsels, investment directors, Investor’s counterparts and lawyers on as representative of the Fund Managers.
Cash management and payment services – authorised signatories.
Dealing with securities settlement and brokerage arrangements, Trade matching.
Trust Formation, Structuring and Wealth Management services (Private and Institutional Clients), Escrows, Paying agency, Debt restructuring and Employee Share ownership scheme.
Built the business and products along with Managing Director from an office of a Single client and loss making before taking over to Fund Administration Company and Trust Company to Profit making with year on year growth of 25%.
Built the team from 4 to 25, together with a major increase in portfolio of clients and services.
Implemented all processes and policies in the office from none.
-Resident Manager registered with the MAS of the Trust Company.
Fiduciary Services, Operations and Client Services - Associate.
Public Company; 10,001+ employees; DBSDY; Banking industry.
Corporate Trust, Operations and Client Services – Management Trainee.
Public Company; 10,001+ employees; HBC; Financial Services industry.
- Escrows, Pension and Employee Ownership Schemes and Funds.
- Dealing with operations back office in Hong Kong for Cash Management and Custodian services.
Activities and Societies: Society of Trust and Estate Practitioner (STEP).
Qualified Practitioner, Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering.(School of Continuing and Professional Education, City University) Major Areas of Study:.
Logistics, Community College of City University of Hong Kong.
Administrator II - Pensions & Group Business, BestServe Financial Limited       Sep 2016— 4 Jun 2017.
Associate-Pension Service, Bank Consortium Trust Company Limited Dec 2014—7 August 2016.
Assist in MPF scheme administration operations (e.g Member Enrolment).
Perform data entry and general clerical duties (e.g. Contribution Settlement).
Part-time clerk, Asia Airfreight Terminal, Hong Kong                             November 2013—September 2014.
Assist and support supervisor to complete their routine assignment.
Assist to preparing the monthly report for internal and external parties.
Part-time assistant, Sun Generation Limited, Hong Kong May 2011—December 2011.
Part-time tutor, Sound Piano Limited, Hong Kong October 2010—April 2011.
Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Aviation Management, Coventry University._______________________________________________________________________.
Wealth and Tax Planning Officer in Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd.
Job Duty: preparing presentation slides and proposals for clients who look for asset protection and/or estate planning.  Drafting Letter of Wishes, preparing trust documentations; liaising with trustees, law firms, registered agents and insurance brokerage companies related to trust set up, legal advice and insurance policies for the prospects of the bank.
Financial Planning Manager in Manulife (International) Limited.
Job Duty: assist clients including individuals and corporations to choose the best policy that suit their needs.  The products cover life, critical illness, hospitalization, savings, MPF etc.
Senior Manager - Business Development  in Heritage Trust Group, Hong Kong (acquired by Equiom in 2016).
Job Duty: set up the company from scratch, give advices on corporate structure of companies in different jurisdictions, target and identify professionals and HNW individuals to develop and maintain the network of business contact, maintain and expand the set up of HK and offshore companies as well as trust structure for overseas clients in majority, back up works including the incorporation of companies, liaising with auditors of accounting and auditing issues, applying for working visa and CIES, keeping and maintaining the statutory requirements for both HK and offshore companies.
Business Development Manager in Lynch Consultancy Limited (merged with ATC (Hong Kong) Ltd in Nov 07).
Job Duty: mainly to handle new clients’ enquiries by giving advisory on incorporation in different jurisdiction, arranging for legalization documents, setting up the bank accounts, applying for the certificates from the BVI Registry/Agent etc, as well as supervising my subordinates on problem solving on change of company structure, back up works regarding the merger and acquisition deals, keep and maintain the statutory requirements for both HK and offshore companies.
Company Secretarial Officer in Moores Rowland Mazars, Chartered Accountants, Certified Public Accountants.
Job Duty: not only to perform routine works such as preparing Annual Returns and Annual General Meeting papers, maintaining and updating statutory records for the Hong Kong companies, but also require to perform ad-hoc works such as drafting Board Minutes on various cases, prepare documents for amendment Memorandum & Articles of Association, incorporation of Hong Kong/overseas companies, deregistration of Hong Kong companies, handling funds transfer/payment for clients and other administrative matters etc.
Job Duty: performing routine and ad-hoc works stated above excluding the handling of funds transfer/payment for clients.  I also responsible for registration of trade marks in Hong Kong and overseas.
Company Secretarial Assistant           in M. B. Lee & Co., C.P.A. Ltd.
My duties of work are similar to the job I worked in King & Company, except the handling of the trade mark matters.
_______________________________________________________________________.
_______________________________________________________________________.
_______________________________________________________________________.Assignment #2 – Equip-Design & Supply Pte Ltd (Apr 2016 – Present).
• Prepare full set of accounts (Trial Balance, Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss Statement) for 3 entities in different countries ie Singapore, Malaysia & Indonesia.
• Liaise with the external auditor for any audit every financial year end.
• Tracking of financing facilities - invoice financing, trust receipts etc. and loan facilities management.
• Obtaining of quotation from list of logistic partner and co-ordination between sales and appointed logistic partners.
• Prepare weekly expense variance analysis and sales analysis reports.
• Solely in charge for payroll processing and leave administration; daily updates of attendances.
Assignment #1 – International Enterprise Singapore (Oct 2014-Mar 2016).
• Update of payment details and cheque payment reconciliation on monthly basis.
• Handling 3 oversea centers, checking and verifying their monthly transactions.
• Liaise with various departments for the relevant supporting document and finance queries.
* Post and pay Vessel Account for MSI using various systems daily.
* Taking care of 21 vessels and process hundreds of invoices monthly.
* Assist treasury in monitoring the vendor bank details and update while doing the 3 way matching to verify each invoices.
Do daily reconciliation of ICBC transactions with other banks using nostro system and various bank daily balance sheets; also help out in clearing backlog of daily documents and daily transactions. Aid in doing GST claiming for the month of June and file for GST rebate.
* Perform reconciliation for ABB 3rd part vendors via SAP and vendors’ SOA.
* Sort account document and distribute to various departments.
Handling all call enquiries for all customers who dial 1626 and provide necessary information and action to satisfy customers’ queries.Ensure lodgments of income tax returns & business activity statements, along with other associated schedules with Australian Tax office are submitted accurately & on a timely basis.
Preparation & review of financial reports & cash flow forecasts.
Prepare & review income tax returns for individuals, partnerships, trusts & companies.
Ensure bookkeeping & payroll activities are completed accurately & timely basis.
On-boarding of new clients & the introduction of work procedures.
Dealing with Australian Tax office & ASIC on client matters.
Systems Handled: Xero, MYOB, CCHi, Handi Tax/ledger, QB, Soft Assist, WorkflowMax, Xero Practice Manager.
Preparing Financial Accounts and other management reports.
Group reporting to AZAP Singapore regional office  ,budgeting and planning financial accounts.
Preparing branch accounts and monthly accounts/handling monthly general vouchers and Monthly balance sheet reconciliations.
Preparing financial reports, budgets and KPIs and variance analysis.
Finalizing Management Accounts and reporting for main regulatory body (IBSL) and Central Bank ( Census).
Operate as an important link between the client and management.
Analyses Financial data in financial statements and create reports in XBRL format (Extensible Business Reporting Language).
Preparation payrolls, Employers Annual Returns and Benefits in Kind returns.
Preparing & feeding all accounting data to computerized system (Invoice, Petty cash, Bank entries, Bank Deposits, All other journal entries as required).
Assisting in the preparation of financial accounts and other management reports.
Preparing bank reconciliation, vat schedule stamp duty and withholding tax schedules and updating the register and the system.
Preparation of other Ad hoc reports as requested by the Management. (Vehicle maintenance, leasing, individual costing and other expenditure analysis).
Was an active member of the LMD Society for the period 2000-2004.July 2015 - Current Officer – Share Registration at Tricor Services Limited.
Handling various share registration assignments (i.e. Allotment of  Shares,Distribution of Dividends, Open Offer, Cash Offer and etc.) in  accordance with the listing rules for the Main Board and GEM of the  HKEX and legal regulations of Cayman Islands, Bermuda and etc.
Assist and support Initial Public Offering (IPO) & Privatisation Projects.
Apr 2014 - Jul 2015  Part-time Call Agents at E.C. Fix Technology Limited.
Handle technical enquiries from HP, Jockey Club & Chanel end-users.
Honour Roll Certificate for Second Semester 2014- 2015 , Shue Yan Unversity.
Honour Roll Certificate for Second Semester 2013- 2014 , Shue Yan Unversity.
Level 2 Book-keeping and Accounts 2009, London Chamber of Commerce and Industry  Level 1 Book-keeping and Accounts 2008, London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Language.-Service in Trust Corporation where our main roles are Trustee and Executor of the Wills of persons who appointed our company who has passed away ie Deceased.
-Tasked with individual cases of administering Deceased's Estate which includes preliminary works such as conducting general inquiries, compiling list of assets and liabilities and appointing lawyer for the application of Grant of Probate; as well as filing estate income tax, calling in assets, settlement of liabilities and distribution of assets to beneficiaries stated in the Will.
-Specific examples of responsibilities involved in performing the role mentioned above includes, inter alia, vetting cause papers forwarded by our panel lawyers, issuing formal letters to banks for the purposes of calling in the Deceased's monies in accounts maintained with the relevant banks and/or settlement of any credit card liabilities or housing loans, dealing with conveyancing matters such as perusing and executing Memorandum of Transfer (Form 14A) and CKHT forms, claiming the Deceased's insurance policies for the benefit of the Estate, and dealing with transfers of listed and/or non-listed shares held by the Deceased.
-Assisting with the general functioning of the estate administration department such as responding to death notifications, extraction of original wills, conducting will readings, preparing status updates, answering questions regarding probate from franchisees and so on.
Restaurant skills including setting tables and chairs, inventory check-up and proper standard for service sequence.
As an attachment student I was exposed to the legal realities of working in a law firm which includes a lot of research, file preparation and of course the stress of what was expected of us, professionally even we were just attachments students then. I gained a lot of useful insights and I was very impressed, as I mentioned earlier, by the professionalism of lawyers. I assisted with, inter alia company secretary work, client conferencing, corporate governance work, and research in preparation for litigation. I look forward to start my own career in the legal field.
Communication, Interpersonal Skills, Legal Analysis, Legal Research, MS Office, Waitering.Experienced Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry especially in banking industry. Highly independent, strong interpersonal and time-management skills with excellent ability of systematical management. Have strong career-ambition and the ability of multitasking effectively, efficiently and timely. Skilled in Operation, Administration, Communication and MS Office.2008-2013 Hang Seng Management College Bachelor of Business Administration (Banking & Finance).
2016 Jan – Jun KYC Officer, Wealth Management UBS via Manpower.
Perform documents verification based on predefined rules to ensure completeness.
Review the consistency of data fields across multiple documents.
Determine that all predefined conditions are satisfied prior to submission of docs to the next.
Communicate with stakeholders to provide clarification and assistance in preparing.
Adhere to the work allocation schedule and review the cases efficiently.
Handle sensitive information with utmost care and integrity.
Provide inputs for improving the process and assist in driving the same.
2013 Aug-2015 Nov Unit Trust Administrator, Asset Management J.P. Morgan.
Handle client account opening and maintenance, perform clerical duties such as data input.
and data verification for proper setup of client accounts via multiple computer systems.
Responsible for tracking transfer of assets into client accounts.
2012 June-July Accounting Assistant Guangzhou Ruifeng Audio Technology Corporation Ltd.
Participating in the real practice as a financial consultant.
2009 Sep China South City Scholarship Hang Seng Management College.
2009 Feb Outstanding Academic Performance Hang Seng Management College.
2013 July Student Ambassador Hong Kong Institute of Bankers.
Support as a Student Ambassador at the HKIB 2012 Annual General Meeting on 9 July 2013.
Extended horizon to meet renowned bankers and financial leaders.
2012 June  Hong Kong University Students Summer Mainland Internship Program 2012.
Working in the financial department of the largest national audio corporation in China.
Networking with other university students from Guangzhou and Hong Kong.
2011 July  CTW- JA Youth Career Day Junior Achievement Hong Kong.
Exchange with other university students and staff from Goldman Sachs.
Practically conducting real job interview by staff from Goldman Sachs.
Holding Grade 8 Piano Certificate, Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music.
-  An enthusiastic helper in school: Master of Ceremony in Closing Ceremony, Member of Student Think Tank, Class Monitor, Prefect, Chairperson of School Magazine, Vice-chairperson of CYC, IT Prefect, Librarian and members of Orchestra and Brass Band in Secondary School.To contribute and be part of organisation’s growth by consistently exceeding expectations and give full commitment towards achieving excellence.
Worked at Hewlett Packard Global E-Business Operations Pvt. Ltd., Chennai, India as Financial Associate from Jan 2014 to Jul 2015.
Worked at Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Business Services Pvt. Ltd., Chennai, India as Accounts Officer from July 2012 to Sep 2013.
Master of Business Administration (Finance and Marketing)           Jun 2010 – Apr 2012.
Panimalar Engineering College, Affiliated to Anna University, Chennai, India.
Meenakshi College For Women, Affiliated to University of Madras, Chennai, India.
Devanathan Higher Secondary School, Affiliated to State Board, Chennai, India.
Hewlett Packard Global E-Business Operations Pvt. Ltd.             Jan 2014 – Jul 2015.
Performed SAP invoice processing, reconciliation, down payment and month-end close within the timelines set.
Lead the team in client interaction and management with commitment to go the extra mile to meet up with customer expectations and to resolve issues requiring immediate attention.
Hewlett Packard Global E-Business Operations Pvt. Ltd. (Cont’d)            Jan 2014 – Jul 2015.
Handled the processing, distribution, accuracy verification and maintenance of invoices, interfacing extensively with a nationwide network of vendors.
Performed reconciliation of vendors on timely basis together with rebuilding trust with vendors to maintain good business relationship by ensuring timely and correct payments for all the goods and services received and performed respectively.
Provided excellent customer service in handling client’s suppliers, purchasing personnel and internal customers.
Managed accurate and timely processing of huge volume of invoices when needed by the client without any external errors.
Processed payments received through SWIFT messages which includes MT103 & MT202 with the help of IBAN and BIC.
Managed payments within its cut off time and ensured that the standards and benchmark set for the section were being adhered to the guidelines.
Executed RTGS payments which were received in bulk at the month end closure without SLAs and with appropriate TAT.
Processed payments based on the market standards and policies set by the European payment council known as the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA).
Identify NOSTRO and VOSTRO accounts and handle the payments accordingly.
Awarded the bronze ovation for the month of July for handling more number of volumes.
Awarded the MCO quality rising star for handling process with no SLA misses and with accurate TAT.
Awarded spot ovations many times for handling large number of volumes.
Awarded the certificate of proficiency for invoice processing.
Advanced knowledge in SAP, MS Excel, MS Word and MS PowerPoint.Critical thinking and goal orientated Honour Graduate seeking for a career advancement opportunity in the legal field, with the desire to learn and adopt new skill, knowledge and experience to complete all the task assigned by the company.
Brickfield Asia College – First and Second Years Transfer Program.
In the midst of pursuing for the Certificate in Legal Practice.
Internship ----------------------------------------------------------------- 1 months.
Assist in the preparation and amendment of legal documents (Conveyancing and Charges Documents).
Fraud Prevention Advisor -------------------------------------------- August 2015 – December 2015.
Top scorer during the Batch 6 training assessment and one of the top junior specialist in the month of November for the assigned team.
Analyst role in relation to banking and finance related service.
Responsible for the fraudulent analysing process of the client's company - Apple Inc.
Dealing with orders from multiple countries (JAPAC and ANZ).
Review and analyse any suspicious orders and transaction specifically generated from the Apple's Fraud Detection System.
Undergone due diligence on the research and analysis on the transaction (including reaching out to the bank and customer) in order to achieve a sound and responsible judgment and decision on the transaction in hand.
Undertaken heavy responsibilities in completing the assigned works as any slight mistake in the reviewing process may resultant in severe losses to the client company.
Work and cooperate as a team to ensure more informed and better results be achieved so as to minimise any losses that could be resulted to the client company.
Train, review, reanalyse and feedback on previous order and transaction in order to detect any new fraud trend.
Assistant Associate -------------------------------------------- March 2016 – May 2017.
Advisory role in relation to the compliances of the client’s company to the Companies Act 2016, Listing Requirement of Bursa Securities Malaysia Berhad and Malaysia Code of Corporate Governance.
Ensure strict compliance by the client’s company to the statutory requirement and any deadline thereto.
Establish communication between the client’s company and third parties (inter alia Public Authority, Bank officer, Legal Practitioner, Auditor).
Attend Board’s Committee’s Meeting, Board of Directors’ Meeting and Shareholders’ Meeting and assist in the preparation of the Meeting Paper and Minutes of Meetings thereto.
Undertake any assignment on the incorporation of new Company.
Assists in the arrangement for stamping and attestation of documents.
Ensure the proper maintenance of statutory books and any statutory records.
Ensure that all assignments are properly billed and liaise with client’s company in relation to the outstanding payment or any necessary adjustment to the fee.
Undertake any ad hoc request from the client, including the legalisation of identification document with the China Embassy.
Work and cooperate as a team to an operation with utmost efficiency.
Capable of converse and write in Bahasa Malaysia, English and Mandarin.
Proficient in operating Word, Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Office and SAP.
25 Lorong Maarof Bangsar, 59000 Kuala Lumpur ǀ Tel: 012 – 3912998 ǀ                                      eeedddmmm999@gmail.com.Drafter (Will & Trust Services) at Rockwills Trustee Berhad.
- Draft, vet and review Wills (including Testamentary Trust).
- Preparation of Legal Documents in relation to conveyancing, Sales & Purchase Agreement.
and loan documentation from the initial stage until the completion stage.
- Administer files, maintain all correspondence and documents in proper files, report and.
Communication Skills, Computing Skills, Learning Skills, Problem Solving Skills, Research Skills, Responsibility, TEAM LEADERSHIP, Teamwork.
A-09-07, Covillea Condominium, No.8, Jalan Jalal Perkasa 7, Kuala Lumpur, 57000,.The School of Professional and Continuing Education of HKU - Diploma in Accounting.
Daily cash reconciliation for all trust accounts and companies (excluding 3rd party bank statements).
Full set of accounts (daily book-keeping and up to prepare Financial Statements).
Documents for distributions, revocations and terminations.
Clients details update such as change of address, PDPA, W8Ben and etc.
Liaise with Trust Managers, Auditors and Relationship Managers.
Daily cash reconciliation for all trust accounts and companies (excluding 3rd party bank statements).
Full set of accounts (daily book-keeping and up to prepare Financial Statements).
Documents for distributions, revocations and terminations.
Clients details update such as change of address, PDPA, W8Ben and etc.
Liaise with Trust Managers, Auditors and Relationship Managers.
AIA Singapore Pte Ltd -  8 months Contract Investment Operations.
Daily preparation of Fund transfer (received a report from Finance team and placed the Subscription / Redemption trades to various fund houses.
Daily checking for NAV (ensure ILP daily trades placed, input  security prices correctly and accruals of management fees, custody fees and fund admin fees).
Monthly position recons and prepare internal Factsheets for some funds.
Assist Settlement team to input all trades into the Compliance system and tie cash recons against with the cash of NAV report.
Other ad hoc duties such as prepare audit schedules, collect various holidays of different countries from various fund houses and etc.
AIA Singapore Pte Ltd -  8 months Contract Investment Operations.
Daily preparation of Fund transfer (received a report from Finance team and placed the Subscription / Redemption trades to various fund houses.
Daily checking for NAV (ensure ILP daily trades placed, input  security prices correctly and accruals of management fees, custody fees and fund admin fees).
Monthly position recons and prepare internal Factsheets for some funds.
Assist Settlement team to input all trades into the Compliance system and tie cash recons against with the cash of NAV report.
Other ad hoc duties such as prepare audit schedules, collect various holidays of different countries from various fund houses and etc.
Help to update Trust accounts transferred from Cayman and Bahamas.
Reconciliation of banks securities and loan accounts statement.
Participating the integration Project such as checking all documents transferred from Merrill Lynch.
Set-up all transferred ML account and record properly in JB accounting system.
Help to set-up the system of  Filing and archiving all correspondences, bank advices and statements.
Help to update Trust accounts transferred from Cayman and Bahamas.
Reconciliation of banks securities and loan accounts statement.
Participating the integration Project such as checking all documents transferred from Merrill Lynch.
Set-up all transferred ML account and record properly in JB accounting system.
Help to set-up the system of  Filing and archiving all correspondences, bank advices and statements.
Provide fund accounting, valuation, and administration services to Fund Managers.
Responsible for maintaining all reconciliation and process instructions, as well as prepare valuations and other reporting as required on assigned portfolios.
Liaise with IM & brokers in relation to trades , pricing and corporate action.
Liaise with transfer agency on investors’ subscription and redemption.
Products handle : Equities, Future & Option, Equity Swap, Forward Currency and some Fixed Income Products.
Provide fund accounting, valuation, and administration services to Fund Managers.
Responsible for maintaining all reconciliation and process instructions, as well as prepare valuations and other reporting as required on assigned portfolios.
Liaise with IM & brokers in relation to trades , pricing and corporate action.
Liaise with transfer agency on investors’ subscription and redemption.
Products handle : Equities, Future & Option, Equity Swap, Forward Currency and some Fixed Income Products.
Oversee cash and securities reconciliation and ensure other procedures are prepared in accordance with company and fund-specific policies.
Ensure all investments are priced and validate prices using broker quotes or other market inputs.
Monitor Daily Cash flows and raise any necessary FX transfer for restricted currencies such as THB, IDR and etc.
Ensure all Swift instructions are compliant with authentication procedures.
Oversee cash and securities reconciliation and ensure other procedures are prepared in accordance with company and fund-specific policies.
Ensure all investments are priced and validate prices using broker quotes or other market inputs.
Monitor Daily Cash flows and raise any necessary FX transfer for restricted currencies such as THB, IDR and etc.
Ensure all Swift instructions are compliant with authentication procedures.
Handle Trades Support such as security set-up and input into the system, liaise with Investment Manager for any trade discrepancies such as failed trades & trades settlement amounts not match with trade blotters.
Handle Fixed Income product such as MBS & Bonds, Equities, futures, Interest Rate & Currency Swaps, Fixed Deposits, T-bills & Repos.
Checking Corporate Action such as cash dividend, stock dividend and any withholding tax.
Reconcile brokerage and custodian accounts to underlying record.
Handle Trades Support such as security set-up and input into the system, liaise with Investment Manager for any trade discrepancies such as failed trades & trades settlement amounts not match with trade blotters.
Handle Fixed Income product such as MBS & Bonds, Equities, futures, Interest Rate & Currency Swaps, Fixed Deposits, T-bills & Repos.
Checking Corporate Action such as cash dividend, stock dividend and any withholding tax.
Reconcile brokerage and custodian accounts to underlying record.
Daily Consolidation of Singapore Trading Book’s Profit & Loss Report and Management Action Trigger Report.
- investigate the differences between traders’ estimation & actual report such as bond prices or rates and etc.
- investigate whether there is a dead deal included in the back test report.
Handle  Accounts Payable functions including preparation of payments.
Comparative figures analysis with some ratios between two or three years.
Preparation of directors’ minutes and notes to the accounts.
Assist the company secretary department such as annual return, change of directors during the non-peak period.
Comparative figures analysis with some ratios between two or three years.
Preparation of directors’ minutes and notes to the accounts.
Assist the company secretary department such as annual return, change of directors during the non-peak period.
Other softwares : Navison, IMS, InvestOne, Aexeo, Viewpoint and Oracle.A versatile fund accounting professional with 15 years’ experience in handling unit trust, insurance, pension funds with multiple share classes and diversified portfolio of global investments.
Institutional Clients Group, Operations & Technology, Securities & Fund Service.
Vice President, Trustee operations Manager – Investor Services, (May-2016 – Current).
Monitoring investment guidelines of funds as set out in the Funds Compliance Checklist based on frequency agreed with the Trustee/Clients.
Review of transactions including payment to trustee connected person; custody, fund Administration and Trustee fees.
Preparation of Audit information/documents & handling Audit request.
Implement and maintain an updated operating memorandum for all client.
Heavily involved in the full spectrum of new funds on boarding from request to live in production, on client’s requests and requirements and other operational projects/ initiatives.
Interpreted the Investment Guidelines provided by the Fund Manager and translate it into a checklist list and the Monitoring system.
Perform ad-hoc Sanction Screening on list of Client and Vendor.
Vice President, Senior Manager - Investor Services, Post Trade Compliance (Jan-2016 – May 2016).
Assistance Vice President, Senior Manager (Jan-2015 – Dec 2015).
The Regional Funds Compliance Team is responsible for providing post-trade compliance monitoring and NAV review Services for funds in various countries.
This role reports to the Head of Funds in Singapore and is responsible for,.
Monitoring investment guidelines of funds as set out in the Funds Compliance Checklist based on frequency agreed with the Trustee/Clients.
Incorporate new/revised investment Guidelines into the Compliance Checklist.
Review Prospectus, create a checklist accordance to the investment restriction stated for new fund/client implementation.
Ensure rule quoted into the system ( MIG21) is as per the restriction guideline.
Work on the efficiency initiative for Post trade compliance team, review the operational and implementation process of the team. Aim to achieve higher efficiency per FTE.
Vice President, Senior Manager - Investor Services, Long funds & Institutional Portfolio Services (Jan-2016 – May 2016).
This unit provides valuation services, NAV, financial statements reporting, benchmark tracking & analysis, fund manager reconciliation & reporting, special reporting on long fund accounting clients across APAC.
This role reports to the Head of Funds in Singapore and is responsible for,.
Key point of contact for clients, business partners, auditors, management and other stakeholders.
Owns and drives processes, issues resolutions, assesses process risks and mitigate with controls and achieving operational efficiency.
Attends regular service reviews with clients and service providers (internal & external providers/vendors).
Heavily involved in the full spectrum of new funds on boarding from request to live in production, on client’s requests and requirements and other operational projects/ initiatives.
Oversee two Fund Accounting Teams, provide guidance, advice and support to the team. Setting achievable goals, Review performance and appraise the team on a timely basis.
Constantly review team daily operational processes, to ensure they are in line with the Operating Procedure of the department.
Implement and maintain an updated operating memorandum for all client.
Part of the pricing focus group – worked together with the pricing team to assess risk and streamline the process for both Pricing and FA team.
Handle the migration project -coordinated and lead the migration of FA function from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur , successfully completed the project within the stipulated time.
Seconded to Citi Shanghai for 6 months in 2012. Successfully set-up a Fund Accounting team in Citi Shanghai.
Part of the Citi Shanghai local custody project, performed the gap analysis between the accounting standard of China and the existing accounting standard that our Accounting system is adopting. Aim to obtain custody license for local fund in China.
Work closely with high net worth clients and relationship managers in all new funds implementation.  Involved from initial discussions, fund concept proposal to product launches.  Oversee a team of accountants for daily operations and valuation processes.
Developed Societe Generale first operating memorandum for clients offering including setting templates, procedures and processes.
Deputy in charge in managing a team on net valuation calculation and compliance reporting for unit trust funds & insurance funds.  Review valuations, all reconciliations & transaction processing necessary in generating a NAV.  Oversee all SWIFT instructions, cash management & projection, executing FX/FD trades and other related trustee & fund accounting duties. Handles portfolio compliance monitoring function to ensure fund manager’s portfolio and their investment activities are aligned with fund’s investment objectives.
Prepare Financial Statement and Tax estimation. Under supervision of the partner and manager , assist with the completion of a variety of audit assignment of companies in the business of trading, manufacturing and entertainment in accordance with the Auditing and Accounting Practices and Guidelines set by the Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Microsoft Office, Lotus Notes, Navision, Multifond Accounting System.Excellent written, communication and interpersonal skills.
Seeking an opportunity to contribute effectively to achieve organizational objectives.
whilst utilizing my academic knowledge and corporate experiences towards achieving a successful and meaningful career through hard work and consistency.
University of London International Programmes (Lead College: LSE).
Partner closely with APAC account managers and relationship managers in the daily and monthly documentations and deliverables of custody client relationships.
Interact effectively with internal business units and external clients on a daily basis to receive and communicate information on all aspects of client relationships.
Initiate transactions and disbursement of funds in compliance with risk management policies and procedures.
Review account activity reports, monitor daily reconciliations and resolve discrepancies in a timely and satisfactory manner.
Work globally with business and operations units to identify best practices and remedial actions that will improve ongoing client satisfaction.
Monitored account transactions, update and merge databases to ensure accuracy and consistency.
Successfully executed a variety of assignments in the fields of administration, documentation and maintenance in a time-sensitive environment.
The HongKong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited  July 2009 to September 2010.
Finance Assistant, Finance Operations and Accounting Control.
Monitored receipts of vendors’ statements of account, GL total and fixed asset records.
Investigated and resolved discrepancies and imbalances on reconciling items within monthly deadlines.
Developed BuySmart user guide and provided training to finance team and business units on system workflow.
Ensured operational effectiveness and compliance with internal control procedures and risk management policies.
Organized publication of quarterly newsletters, promotional materials, collaterals, merchandising and general administrative functions of department.
Updated website and assisted in PR, marketing events and sponsorship support  Participated in event planning and management on major events.
Performed recruitment for Environmental Health Officers, participated in job fairs, communicated with suitable candidates and coordinated interviews.
Chan & Chan Certified Public Accountancy Firm  December 2004 – May 2005.
Performed audit practices for numerous companies in investment, law, electronics, food and health industries.
Student Organiser in Temasek Polytechnic Open House (2 consecutive years)  Planned, coordinated and executed various segments to achieve promotional objectives.
Identified key issues faced by students and constructed feedback towards improving course delivery. Student Speaker in Student Forum 2.
Identified key student concerns with associated suggestions towards improving overall campus infrastructure. Class President.
Elected as Class Spokesperson by class cohort of 30 students and coordinated effectively between teaching and student faculties.
Collaborated with student participants to conceptualize and showcase a play demonstrating various courses and their career paths.
Microsoft Office Programs – Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word, Visio and Outlook  SWIFT.
 Macromedia Dreamweaver, Fireworks and Flash  SAP  BuySmart.
 Economics Society, Badminton, Dance, Choir, Environmental and Science club.Cellular Number: (+852) 9263 5730      Email Address: joy.p.j.chua@gmail.com.
Address: 2/F, 866 Canton Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong  Singapore Citizen.
 Delivering high levels of client facing service, obtaining new business acceptance approvals for trust, probate, immigration and other Private Wealth Solutions and/or Private Banking products.
 Assists Team Head in the retention, development and portfolio growth of high net worth client relationships.
 Providing quality and efficient day-to-day support to Trust Relationship Managers and professional counterparts servicing China, Hong Kong and Taiwan markets including, client enquiries, ongoing documentation, Customer Due Diligence reviews, bank account opening and ad hoc projects (ie. FATCA and CRS).
 Specializing in Discretionary Settlement and Settlor-directed Trust setups and restructures in various jurisdictions.
 Consistently meets the standards of compliance and audit requirements.
 Developed knowledge on property and tax intricacies relating to legacy planning for the wealthy in global markets with specific exposures to Indonesia, United Kingdom and United States-domiciled clients.
 Participated actively in front-end User Acceptance Tests for Singapore and Hong Kong’s integration into new Global Private Wealth Solutions platform for go-live September 2014 and Phase 2 Cayman Islands synchronization for Q2 2017.
 Responsible for group-wide Enterprise Performance Management; country lead for Hong Kong and London branches.
 Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) in-charge for South Asia countries – managed configurations to meet country’s charge/credit requirements while remaining in line with group standards and policies.
 Involved in the launch of iQuotes (straight-through Yield Curve Rate processing system) and maintenance of bank’s Data Framework platform with aim of streamlining procedures and minimizing manual workarounds.
Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation (Shanghai, Pudong Branch)                                      Jan 08 – Mar 08.
 Achieved grade A upon successful completion of Singapore Polytechnic Industrial Training Programme.
 Liaised with overseas office for end-of-day Profit and Loss positions for reconciliation of FX and non-FX (commodities and equities) products, launched investigations into front-end general ledger entries to resolve outage between accounts.
 Ensured all documents meet regulatory capital reporting requirements.
Singapore Polytechnic, Student Entrepreneur Club                      Apr 07 – May 08.
 Led a team of 8 executive committee members and oversaw 30 sub-committee members.
 Supervised and guided the executive committee in the vision of the club and management of campus-wide entrepreneurial activities and events.
 Completed Diploma in Banking & Financial Services  Attained the School of Business Honors Roll in year 2006  Achieved cumulative GPA of 3.028 out of 4.More than 10 years of experience in trust & financial services industry.
Knowledge in financial products having attained the professional certifications in.
Certificate in Life Insurance, Investment Linked Products, Financial Needs Analysis, Capital Markets & Financial Advisory Services exams modules 3, 5 and 8.
Knowledge in trust services & attained professional certification – Trust & Estate Practitioner (TEP).
Performs Risk Control and Investment Monitoring functions, working closely with Compliance and various committees on projects.
May 15 to Present  Standard Chartered Trust () Ltd, Operational Risk Officer.
As a business risk control function, advise the trust company on risks of the various work processes.
Focus and implement an effective Operational Risk Framework (ORF) within the business unit to ensure operational risks and controls are being managed appropriately at the business unit level in a proactive, risk based and disciplined manner to meet external, internal and regulatory requirements.
Review and monitor business operational risk management from an end-to-end basis based on Private Bank Governance Framework.
Ensure proper functioning of day-to-day controls, periodic monitoring activities, and timely identification and resolution of risk issues.
Promote a strong operational risk management and compliance culture.
Work closely with regional head and counterparts in  and align operational risk workflow.
Work closely with internal audits on preparation of audit issues for the department.
Jul 06 to May 15 HSBC Trustee (S) Pte Ltd, Assistant Vice President, Investment Counsellor, Business Risk Control Manager.
As an investment monitoring unit, advised trust relationship managers (TRMs) on recommendations by private bankers and prepare management reports.
Advise TRMs on products recommendations by private bankers.
Sit in Investment Committees, giving advices on investment issues.
Recommends investment guidelines for trust accounts taking into account trust deed requirements.
Preparing management reports and sit in Trust Investment Review Group, together with Managing Director and other senior management, discussing various investment issues.
Deal with Compliance and Internal Audits on fulfilling trustee’s fiduciary duties.
Jul 04 to Jun 06 Phillip Securities Pte Ltd, Assistant Manager in Unit Trust Marketing.
As channel and product owner, supported the sales channels in various functions i.e. trade submissions, promotions, training and communication matters.
Ensured the compliance of business activities within the department by working closely with Compliance department.
Supported the sales channel in various queries, trade submissions and disputes.
Supported the branches i.e. POEMS Investor Centers on queries.
Liaised with fund managers on distribution agreements for new product launches, pricing and targets to be delivered for each fund and incentives programs for sales channels (approx. targeted new investment money of SGD 500K for new product launch).
Trained new Financial Advisers on processes during orientation program.
Jan 03 to Jun 04 Various assignments latest being Sime Darby Leasing / General Electric Commercial Financing dealing with full settlement of car loans while trying to attain post graduate qualification.
Jul 01 to Dec 02 United Overseas Bank, Senior Personal Financial Consultant.
As a front liner, worked together as a team with branch colleagues to bring in sales for financial products.
Involved in setting up of new Woodlands Invest Shop and started the sales process in the new branch with monthly sales targets in insurance and unit trust products. (approx. investment amount SGD 250K (single premium insurance) and SGD 50K (unit trusts).
Provided investment advices for clients e.g. Insurance, Unit Trust, Security and Trading accounts, CPF Investment Scheme, Supplementary Retirement Scheme.
Performed direct selling of core products and services and made sales presentation.
Dec 99 to May 01 National Kidney Foundation, Marketing Executive in Advocates Department.
As part of marketing / public relations team, garnered the support and instilled a sense of belonging for the network of strong supporters.
Involved in setting up of Advocates Program (network of supporters for NKF).
Made presentations in schools, dialysis centers and seminars, garnering support from donors.
Developed marketing and communication strategies for target groups and assist in website communications i.e. writing of events for online channel and newsletters.
Organized networking events as part of nurturing program for supporters.
Master of Business Administration major in Financial Studies.
Bachelor of Commerce, Double majors in Public Relations and Marketing.
Volunteering every Sundays to teaching bible studies to children aged 10 to 12.
Participated in ad hoc mission trips in  and other Children’s Ministry activities.
Participated in various committee meetings and Nepal Humanitarian Trip 2004.
Participated in various networking and volunteering events.
Apr 96 to Mar 97 Vice-Head of Public Relations, Nanyang Polytechnic Sakuran Japanese Cultural Club.
Involved in publicity of the club and exchange program with Japanese school in.
Aug 95 Decorative Manager, Nanyang Polytechnic, School of Business Management Club, Pageant Nite 95/96.
Jul 94 to Dec 96 Management Committee for Impact Newsletter, Nanyang Polytechnic School of Business Management.I believe I am a meticulous individual combining strong analytical and inter-personal skills with proven experience in back and middle office operations. Therefore I am interested to join.
your organization and sincerely hope to be part of the big family. I believe that I can apply both my IT and business knowledge that I have acquired both from polytechnic and workplace in your organization. I have the confidence that I can work well with my colleagues and willingly to learn from them in the new environment.
2002-2004 Bachelor of Business (Economics & Finance) with distinction from Royal Melbourne  Institute of Technology (RMIT) University.
Diploma in Banking & Finance Services (Specialized in Finance) from.
1992-1996           GCE ‘O’ Levels from Changkat Changi Secondary School.
DB International Trust (Singapore) Limited – Senior Trust Officer / team Leader (Oct’14 - current).
Maintaining trust records, preparing trustee documentation and complying with various (local & overseas) legislative requirements and Group standards.
Work closely with Wealth Planners/bankers/lawyers for restructuring of new / existing trust structure.
SG Trust (Asia) Limited – Trust Relationship Manager (Asia region) (Jun’12 - Oct’14).
Maintaining trust records, preparing trustee documentation and complying with various (local & overseas) legislative requirements and Group standards.
Dealing with enquiries (from both within and outside of the firm) regarding operational and basic technical aspects of trust and corporate structures.
Handle administrative functions such as journal entry, entry of trust information into the systems, trust documentation filing.
Understand the duties and liabilities of a Trustees as well as the responsibilities of directorships of the underlying company.
Review the acceptance of all documents relating to the set up of a trust.
Work closely with WP/bankers/lawyers for restructuring of new / existing trust structure.
UBS Trustee (Singapore) Limited – Trust Administrator / Deputy Team Leader (Switzerland and Latin American region) (Aug’08 - Jun’12).
Understand the duties and liabilities of a Trustees as well as the responsibilities of directorships of the underlying company.
Review the acceptance of all documents relating to the set up of a trust.
HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Limited – Senior Officer Trust Administrator (May’06 - Aug’08).
Involves processing for clients’ orders and deal with clients’ queries.
Ensure efficient, accurate and timely delivery within function area.
Supports administrative and paper work related to Trust process.
OCBC Bank – Bank Officer,Card Applications Processing (Aug’05 – May’06).
Involves interpretation, data entry, income computation and credit analysis.
Perform credit review, card processing and credit approval.
Assess the individual credit worthiness to by obtaining information from Questline and Credit Bureau Reports.
Liaise with customer acquisition team and customer service officers to ensure timely delivery on applications for customers.
Participate in process improvement issues and weekly review to increase individual productivity.
This has enabled me to be meticulous, analytical and experienced with the fast paced banking environment.
DBS Bank – Executive, Private Banking (1 year contract) Jul’04 – Jul’05.
Process loans and revisions on high networth individual($1 million & more).
Extract prices from Bloomberg so as to support client’s investment product.
Supporting role to the Marketing team by servicing Private Banking Clients’ needs.
Provides me with some interface of bank’s treasury products.
Liaison between Lawyers & Valuers for activation of Housing Loan for PB clients.
Opening & Closing of Clients’ Leverage Currency Account contract.
This has enabled me to be meticulous and experienced in a fast paced environment.
Awarded with Execellent Service in the army by Supervisor In Charge, MAJ Wong Chong Cheong (DY Chairman of Logistics & Finance Committee).Industrial Placement Program / Internship / Programs attended.
(London School Business & Finance / Kaplan Learning Institute).
Obtained distinction in Mathematics, Principle of Accounting and Mother Tongue.
Stone Forest Accountserve Pte Ltd (affiliated to RSM Chio Lim).
Attended Value Investing with Option Strategy course by Value Investing College.Seasoned asset servicing executive with 30 years’ experience across 4 top international financial institutions.  A proven strategic and visionary thinker who can energize and create highly motivated organizational structures to execute and deliver. Has a reputation for integrity, excellent interpersonal skills with a track record in strategy, risk management and tactical leadership.
Peter has worked with some of the largest asset manager firms globally and interacted with these companies at board room level including Federated Investors, Blackrock and Vanguard while also working with a diverse range of alternative asset managers in PE/RE/Infrastructure and traditional hedge funds. In his career, he has headed up dedicated sales teams and launched new operational entities in Switzerland, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Channel Islands and Luxembourg. Peter has successfully integrated acquired companies including Bear Sterns and ABSA into existing platforms.
Extensive knowledge of SEA  regulations and markets coupled with excellent operational and risk management background.
Created and headed up dedicated Trustee Sales team across Europe for JP Morgan resulting in an annual average increase of revenue of 4% to 26% per annum.
-Project managed cross jurisdictional with multiple applications the launch of AIFMD for 180 funds and $60 billion of assets for Blackrock. Went live successfully the day the directive came into being.
-Created detailed corporate governance structures for Standard Chartered including creation of group operating procedures, creation of the Product Program Governance framework, creation of the operating risk framework  model for the product.
-Considerable knowledge of the regulatory and cultural norms in Asian/European markets.
-Extensive board experience. Acted as Board Director for entities in 4 different jurisdictions including the Cayman Islands and has had substantial engagement at C suite level and with the boards of asset management companies in Trustee role.
Have led senior multi-disciplined teams across multiple jurisdictions.
Standard Chartered Bank Plc, Singapore Global Head of Trustee & Fiduciary and Compliance Reporting       (August 2014 – Current).
Responsibility for the P&L and the strategic direction of the products on a global basis including expansion, acquisition and driving efficiency initiatives.
Closely engage with business development teams to grow the business in a controlled and profitable manner.
Responsibilities currently cover 14 jurisdictions across three continents including Luxembourg.
Ensures that appropriate corporate governance of the underlying product is in place and executed.
Ensures that appropriate operating procedures exist and are carried out in all jurisdictions. Recent developments include the creation of centres of excellence, extensive off-shoring activities and significant automation of processes.
Advises Regulators in relation to the drafting and rollout of new legislation.
Board member of three Standard Chartered companies including Standard Chartered Bank Trust Company, Hong Kong and Standard Chartered Bank Trust Company Singapore Limited.
J.P. Morgan Bank (Ireland) Plc Executive Director, Trust & Fiduciary           (January 2002 – July 2014).
Provision of strategic direction and operational management, incorporating the profitable management of the group's Profit and Loss account. Drove all initiatives across the business with regard to global regulatory changes and instituted governance structures to validate all illiquid pricing marks.
Created and led dedicated team to target opportunities arising from the AIFM directive. Net business revenue growth through these efforts of 26% in 2013 and heading towards 30% in 2014.
Alternative Investment Specialist for the European arm of JP Morgan Investor Services.
Regional head for 5 markets including Ireland, Jersey, Germany, Switzerland and Guernsey (set up operations in Switzerland and Guernsey).
Ensure that Trustee functions including an internal monitoring program, site visit program and client servicing are carried out to the highest professional standards.
Direct responsibility for assets in excess $400 billion managed by over 45 fund management groups including funds managed by names such as Vanguard, Blackrock, GAM, Allianz, Fidelity, Federated Investors and specialist alternative managers such as Blue Crest, Winton,.
Heavily involved in system development, benchmarking initiatives and business process re-engineering.
Report to the Global Head of JP Morgan Trust & Fiduciary Group.
Barings (Ireland) Limited (Part of the ING Group) Head of Custody and Trustee Operations             (September 1996 - January 2002).
Provision of strategic direction and operational management, bringing coherence and leadership to a team of seventeen to achieve its full potential.
Ensure that Trustee functions including the completion of investment checklists, NAV reviews and reports are completed accurately and on a timely basis.
Responsibility for assets managed by 26 fund management groups.
Effectively liaising with global custodians covering a network of 87 countries.
Ensuring overall smooth running of this operation with active involvement in the launch of new funds, project management and adhering to strict legal requirements at all times.
AIB Bank – Interbank Derivative Trader – Deutschemark FRA / Futures trader, managed EMS cash book for the bank.
Smurfit Business School, Dublin  Master of Business Administration (MBA)         (1998 – 2000).I am writing to enquire on the career opportunity available as a Trust Relationship Manager with HSBC Bank. Currently, I am a Relationship Manager/Corporate Secretarial for Rockwills International Group that provides Wills, Trust and Corporate Services. I handle clients and provide consultancy to financial advisers’ on Wills and Trust. My current portfolio and duties include:.
Opening of Trustee’s Bank account/ Rendering financial statements and accounts for final distribution to beneficiaries.
Managing Corporate Secretarial work on Director’s/Shareholders Resolution, minutes, Allotment/ Application of Shares, Update Registers, Share Certificates. Creation of Invoices, liaise with Intermediaries on offshore company incorporation.
I had obtained the Certificate of Trust and Estate Planning recently and had done the advance Diploma Paper in Trust Creation: Law and Practice. I seek an opportunity to have a career with HSBC for a long term growth and expansion in an ambitious Bank, building rapport with clients all around the world to understand and prescribe structural solutions for their needs. I am passionate, possessed high level of perseverance and is determine to succeed on my endeavours. I am working towards being a full TEP member to be a qualified Trust Specialist.
I have extensive Banking knowledge having work with OCBC bank as a Relationship Manager for premier banking Offshore(OCBC) Segment, I managed:.
To top my peers in bringing in 3mil AUD fresh funds time deposit sales challenge.
An Achiever for Sales Convention for 2011 and a Pinnacle Award 2011 winner.
I have excellent interpersonal skills and is passionate in the Fiduciary industry. I am Bi-lingual and have good communication skills. If you agree that my skills and experience would benefit your operation, please call me at (65) 9008-0717 or email nateyong@hotmail.com to arrange a discussion. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to speaking with you.
Job Objective      Trust Relationship Manager – Global Private Banking.
Experience Estate Planning Consultation. Offshore Business Incorporation, Relationship Management for Premier offshore Segment.
8 Years experience in Credit Risk Management, Assistant Relationship Manager and Relationship Manager in OCBC Bank. Offshore incorporation, Wills and Trust. Intuitive interpersonal skills. Ability to think on my feet and use humour to mix easily with people. Comfortable working with cross-cultural and multi-functional teams.
CMFAS Module 1b, 5, 6, 8, 8a, 9, 9a HI, AEPP, Certificate in STEP, Trust Creation Law & Practice.
   Disposition & distribution of assets to beneficiaries, rendering final accounts, filing of income tax.
   Corporate Secretarial administration, setting up of onshore and offshore companies.
   Other duties include attestation, creating scenarios and application on differrent estate planning consideration, such as regulations governing immovable properties in different countries.
Venture International Corporate Service Pte Ltd      May 2014 – April 2015.
   Incorporation of Corporate Structures in different jurisdictions. Etc.
   Understand Client’s needs, providing holistic structural solutions, nominee directors/shareholders.
   Transfer of Companies between Registered agents. Creating marketing newsletters.
   Setting up a private foundation, Offshore Trust for Estate Planning, Asset Protection.
   Referral of Clients to open corporate account with onshore and offshore banks.
MUSIC –Pursue career in music composition and performance   June 2012 – May 2014.
   Handle queries for existing offshore clients, servicing and actively sourcing for new clients through referal.
  Sales and support in Foreign Exchange, Housing Loans, Remittance, Dual Currency Returns, Unit Trust, Structured Products, Equity Link notes, ELCI, Bonds, Options and Insurance.
  Manage clients accounts, transmission of orders (purchase and sale of securities, transfers, cheques clearing, cash transactions, renewal of term deposit, etc).
  Preparation of all documentation e.g. loan documents, compliance, account opening forms, etc.
  Relationship building, managing portfolio and investments.
   Support RMs on Forex, Remittance, Dual Currency Returns, Unit Trust, Structured Products.
   Manage and organize contacts for the Relationship Manager ( appointments, meetings, business.
   Monitoring clients’ transactions and highlight necessary actions to be taken.
   Responsible for the checking of documents for account opening with adherence to regulatory.
   Liaising and Follow ups with offshore RMs and Account Opening team for documentation requirements                            when necessary.
Backend Credit Control Officer managing Non-performing Loans & Unsecured products (Loans, Credit cards, Credit lines, Overdraft accounts).
Consistently achieve Bank’s target in Key Performance indicator (KPI) in reducing delinquency accounts and dollars amount collected.
Involved and completed in System Enhancement Project to facilitated written off accounts. Involvement in UAT testing for new banking facilities.
Determination and analyzation of customer’s credit info for review of termination of accounts due to non-performance. Termination of credit facilities/ loans and proceed for litigations actions.
Litigation process of engagement with solicitors to expedite actions on customers for repeatedly defaulted in payment, process of litigation and claims includes:.
Submission of Proposal for Composite Settlement/ Debt Relief Plan for management review.
Reduced liability and standardized corporate banking operations by instituting risk management policies. Provide control over accounts delinquency.  Implement strategies and streamline collections process to ensure the portfolios are effectively managed. To control flow-thru rate; ensure credit losses on the Non-performing Loans are minimized and maximize recoveries on Bad Debt accounts.
Bachelor of Science, Information Systems & Management, 2002:  University of London.
Diploma in Electronics & Computer Engineering, 1996: Ngee Ann Polytechnic.
Certificate of merit in Engineering Mathematics 3 – Ngee Ann Polytechinic.
Achiever’s award for oustanding performance 2011(OCBC Bank).
Pinnacle award for oustanding 2011 sales performance (OCBC Bank).
Comfortable and professional in multicultural environments. Objective and rational approach with excellent communication skills.
YAP SI GUAN (VP,OCBC) : 96900927, KEON CHEE (GM Rockwills): 97823510,.ngai.natalie@gmail.com | +85222523168 | +85261139239 1/F, 10 Osmanthus Road, Yau Yat Cheun, Hong Kong.
EDUCATION 2012 – 2013            London Business School, UK 2009 – 2012           University of Nottingham, UK.
Business School International Student Academic Scholarship 2009-2010.
A-Levels: Mathematics (A), Further Mathematics (A), Physics (A), Biology (A), Economics (A) Winner of School A-Level Prize 2008.
Responsible for building our global institutional business through developing multi-regional and multi-mandate relationships with the firm’s key clients.
Led global relationship meetings with large corporate, insurance and sovereign wealth clients to discuss investment priorities and service requirements for their global assets.
Developed deep understanding of key clients’ global organizational structure and investment priorities, and coordinated the execution of business plans including improving value proposition and services to clients.
Committee member of the Mutual Recognition of Funds initiative supporting sales and marketing activities including competitive analyses and as point of contact for portfolio updates • Led a project to enhance oversight of APAC products including setting up a framework for product integrity and initiating a standard new fund post-launch review process.
Conducted strategic client analysis on Hong Kong Institutional segments to guide Institutional sales planning in 2016.
Analyzed issuing European companies and produced credit papers for financing term loan for approval by credit committee.
Researched the competitive landscape of the European Loan Fund and presented to fund managers; findings are incorporated in client meetings to support the fund’s proposition.
Proactively developed relationships with institutional clients invested in pooled funds and segregated mandates managed by the fixed income public debt business.
Assisted in projects including analyzing cost structures and fee schedules to enhance commercial performance of fixed income funds.
July 2012 to           BMI FUNDS MANAGEMENT, Hong Kong Aug 2012               Summer Analyst.
Produced analyst report on USD/JPY currency pair for currency risk hedging purposes to support sales and relationship management of Japanese clients.
Analyzed the financial as well as non-financial performances of listed company Credit China.
(8207.HK), estimated share target prices and recommended the equity to portfolio manager.
Jun 2011 to             CITIBANK, Hong Kong Aug 2011               Summer Analyst - Institutional Clients Group.
• Analyzed institutional clients’ e-banking needs and Global Transaction implementation team’s performance to give useful recommendations for improvements to the head of the client delivery team.
CMA (Chinese Manufacturers' Association of Hong Kong) Youth Chapter Committee member.
YIC (Hong Kong Young Industrialists Council) Youth Chapter Member.
Student Advisory Board, NACUE (National Association of College and University Entrepreneurs) - Advising and supporting the UK Department of Business, Innovations and Skills, including managing the allocation of £1.3m government funding.
President 2011 & Chair of Advisory Board 2012, Nottingham Entrepreneurs.
Founded CCUE (Chinese Consortium of University Entrepreneurs) in China in 2011.
SIFE – Expedition to Ghana to set up the infrastructure of a micro-financing company.
LANGUAGES      Native Cantonese, Fluent English, Intermediate Mandarin.Doing Account payable in the current company, prior to that was an account assistant ( Account Receivable ).
Do filing of the PO for various orders, coordinate with my suppliers for the goods arrival. Update my purcashers for the incoming of the orders, update various shipping documents into the system to ease for checking of the products.
Completed the Degree on Nov 2014 but convocation is on 3rd Quarter of 2015. Letter to prove that I had clear all my modules.Carry out administration work such as corporate secretarial work of the Trusts’ underlying companies. This includes ensuring that all resolutions and minutes are properly prepared and executed and that all records are kept up-to-date.
Proactively monitor and reviewing templates to ensure they continue to meet the needs of clients and the administration needs of the team.
Work with the Head of BIU and Head of Trust Administration in conversion of matters from Wealth Planning responsibility to Relationship Managers responsibility.
Prepare documents for business prospects and setting up new trust accounts. Arrange trust deeds, custodian agreements and company documents for execution.
Prepare and ensure client’s private banking account opening documentations are complete and liaise with private banking managers to resolve account documentation discrepancies.
Review client’s profiles and make searches/enquiries to gather information for assessment of the clients.
Ensure compliance with local regulatory rules and internal policies by doing comprehensive checks on clients’ background.
Check for completeness and accuracy of clients’ data entered in the bank's computer system.
Track assets and securities that will be transferred into the private banking account and match them with the current market valuation.
Prepare trade documentations upon requests from clients/RMs and pass correct trade orders to client service associate to execute trades.
Ensure all payments instruction received from clients are duly verified and executed in a timely basic in accordance with the details and timeline provided.
Liaise with external auditors and tax agent for the engagement and receives findings and effect follow-up on the findings.
Supervise four service staffs and ensure delivering of 1st class client experiences to private and corporate clients.
Resolve external & internal clients’ enquiries over the counter, through phone and via emails in timely manner.
Liaised with various departments to investigate the reasons behind breakdown in trading processes, corporate action for foreign shares and procedure for shares transfer.
Disseminate and harness appropriate information for a better solution to customers’ enquiries.
Perform due diligence and KYC checks on all trading accounts opened  ensuring  adherence  on  PEP,  AML  directive,  delinquency/bankruptcy guideline, verifications on ownership.
Screen all individual and corporate account opening form over the counter to ascertain all forms are filled up correctly and all supporting documents verified by the relevant personnel and to be sent for approval to various division – Operation Heads, Compliance & Legal Counsel.
Experience in opening and handling estate accounts; providing information and guidance on required documents to the deceased administrator and executor.
Participate in road-show & events to market for new accounts.
Set up product manual and work procedures for new product launches.
Prepare training materials and provide coaching to new staffs.
Lead coordinator for FIDReC, complain cases pertaining to the clients losses in products such as Lehman’s Minibond, Morgan Stanley Pinnacle Notes, Merrill Lynch Jubilee Notes.
Interview, record and prepare Customers’ & RMs statements to be send for mediation and adjudication.
Liaise with external lawyers, OCBC legal counsels and FIDReC case managers on complaint customers’ cases, updating all cases and reporting to head of department and directors.
Represent OSPL to work in a team of 10 members from various departments of OCBC Bank. Project focuses on working on an Integrated Application form that streamline account opening processes.
Liaise with different department in OCBC Securities/Bank to establish term and condition/work flow for opening an online trading account.
Doing UAT testing on OCBC Bank internet banking to implement online facilities for opening trading account.
Well-versed in cash trading account, margin account, share borrowing account, managed account.
Understand the workflow and processing time to facilitate trade between client and sales person.
Competent in computer application software such as MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, AS400, ON DEMAND, SGX system and Lotus Note.
Excellent in managing customer’s expectation within constraint of banking rules.
Obtain valuable soft skill and techniques needed to handle demanding customers.
Able to communicate confidently and write in English, Mandarin and Cantonese.
Able to provide financial product related information and charges accurately while servicing and managing all customers request efficiently and quickly in a fast paced and dynamic environment.
Excel in multi-task by providing resolution both on email, phone and over the counter.
Able to work under pressure while maintaining KPI standards.
Excellent Service Award (EXSA) - national award supported by Spring Singapore.
National award that recognizes individuals who have delivered quality service.
It seeks to develop service models for staff to emulate, and to create service    champions.
Responsible for administration of Trusts and Private investment companies.
Perform periodic trust reviews in accordance with the company’s policies and procedures.
Liaise and work closely with bankers/lawyers/external auditor and tax agents to ensure smooth administration.
Prepare documents for business prospects and setting up new trust accounts. Arrange trust deeds, custodian agreements and company documents for execution.
Maintaining fiduciary documentary files according to guidelines and procedures so as to ensure that legal fiduciary and record keeping responsibility are performed.
Review trust deeds during periodic review and as and when required for on-going administration process and other ancillary documents, drafting letter of wishes, perform due diligence on settlor, beneficiaries and related parties to the trust, incorporation of underlying companies under the trust and open bank and investment accounts for the trust structure.
Liaise with clients, bankers, advisors, protectors etc for periodic trust reviews and daily on-going administration matters.
Liaise with the Relationship Managers (RMs) and where mutually agreed with the RMs, to lawyers, private bankers and internal office liaisons in different jurisdictions relating to trust administration issues.
Discuss the PAR (Performance Analysis Review) report with RMs as well as matters relating to fees and costs of service delivery. Review and monitor the compliance report required by Compliance officer on a monthly basis and liaise with Compliance Officer/Head of Trust Administration as required.
Assist the Trust Administration Team in managing client accounts and responding to clients’ requests.
Work closely with Wealth Planners and Relationship Managers for ongoing businesses and for on-boarding new business.
Liaise with the account opening units to ensure new bank accounts are established.
Ensure all Trust Documentation is correctly signed off and is logged and placed in secure vault.
Close bank accounts for Private Investment Companies and advising internal client reporting Unit.
Process transactions and billings as well as take care of the day to day administration.
Preparation of Directors’ Resolution and Trustee Minutes.
Assist Team Deputy with team meetings and compilation of reports.Achieved Distinction average in Finance-related subjects.
Achieved Distinction average in Economy-related subjects.
Achieved High Distinction in corporate accounting and reporting (level 300 unit).
Achieved High Distinctions or Distinctions in most level 100 units of commerce.
Capital budgeting and strategic financial decision-making.
Analysis of financial accounting information in making investment decision.
Reporting of organisation’s financial position and performance.
Quantitative methods of valuation, Mathematics of financial and Statistics.
2006 - 2007 Sydney Institute of Business & Technology (SIBT) in association with Macquarie University (Sydney, Australia).
Corporate accounting and reporting (e.g. consolidation, deferred tax).
Financial statement (e.g. balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement and bank statement).
Licensing Examination for Securities and Futures Intermediaries (HKSI Paper 1) -Exemption for Paper 7 & 8.
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Examination (Paper IV: MPF).
Leveraged Foreign Exchange Trading Examination Trader’s Representative Examination Paper 1(Paper LFXT RE 1) - Exemption for Paper 2.
Jul 15 – Present Associate Director – Client Relation Management (Channel).
E Fund Management (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. – One of the largest asset management firm in China.
Develops in RQFII related businesses, which include fixed income, equity products and ETFs (i.e. onshore / offshore RMB products – Funds focus in China market).
Provide support and facilitating to Hong Kong, U.S. and Europe business such as producing sales materials and internal reports.
Supporting the on-going marketing activities for the firm’s products.
Prepare customized deliverables to address specific questions including preparation of presentations, meeting or conference call with clients/business partners, review of RFPs or DDQ, collation of performance information etc.
Conduct and develop market and product research such as market assessments, competitor intelligence, market data, marketing research, product and channel market demand assessments.
Assist in the implementation of business strategy for retirement schemes.
Assist in the analysis of market insight and working closely with other teams such as pensions operation and IT teams to implement revamp projects.
Implement the business growth strategy including the MPF and ORSO product development (e.g. new ORSO scheme, new funds, special voluntary contribution feature) and on-going maintenance of product and service initiatives.
Partner with business development team to design motivation and sales campaign to grow pension business.
Partner with marketing team to establish and implement and implement the marketing initiatives to grow pension business.
Partner with investment team for enhancing investment governance of MPF and ORSO products.
Manage a portfolio of MPF/ORSO/Macau fund clients (Mega Size Clients).
Responsible for the overall customer services and daily operation.
Provide one-stop administration service to clients including enrolment, contribution, termination, record maintenance, regulatory filing, issuing of client reports etc and responding to client/intermediary/MPFA ’s enquiries or complaints.
Prepare presentation materials and member communication materials and conduct client visits, presentations and member’s briefings for retention or sales purposes.
Provide servicing support to distribution channel (e.g. brokers/agents/bank alliances on client related issues.
Perform client retention and service-to-sales activities such as up-selling retail products/promoting our client retention program etc.
Project - Review and update administration procedures/ System enhancement etc.
Macau business trip (2 months) - Support Macau pension operation & Pfund promotion/ Client Visits.
Rotate to actuarial & financial support team – make trade order, adjustment, backdate fund reversal & fund switching.
Greet visitors and exhibitors and assist in queue management.
Dec 08 – Feb 09  Assistant Account Clerk (Accounting Department) (Intern).
Input data records and statistics, general and store administration, telephone enquiry, filing and keeping records.
Able to cope with pressure and handle multitask in tight schedule.
Strong interpersonal skills, excellent communication skills.
Well-organized personnel, leadership in planning and organising.
Quick learner, willing to try new things and attempt challenges.
Microsoft Office (e.g. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Front Page, Access).Current Address :No43A, Jalan Halaman 3,Taman Halaman, 68000 Ampang Selangor.
Permanent Address : No 104,Jalan Angsana 7,Taman Pinggiran Golf,  70400 Ampangan,Seremban.
SMK Tuanku Mohammad,Kuala Pilah Malaysian University English Test: Band 4.
Im computer literate and proficient with the following programs:.
Handling 29 clubs including Timeshare scheme,Golf club,Recreational club and Interest scheme.
Vet through legal documents such as Trust Deed, Supplemental Trust Deed, Rules and Regulation and Court documents.
Solve issues which being raise by the club management,club members and authority.Current Residence: 01-113 Caribbean at Keppel Bay, 44 Keppel Bay Drive,.
Guernsey Housing Status: Local Qualified Resident & EU Rite of Abode.
Date and Place of Birth: 24th September 1978, Guernsey, Channel Islands.
Pangbourne Naval College, Berkshire, 1995 – 1997 (A-Levels).
University College London, London, 2000 – 2003, BSc. (Hons.) Information.
Kings College London, London, 2012-2013 MA, Intelligence & International Security, subspecialising in Financial Intelligence & Propaganda.
Undergraduate: BSc. (Hons.) Information Management, Second Class / Dissertation: 1ST (An analysis of the preventative measures in place to avert Money Laundering via International Trust Companies.").
Postgraduate: MA, Intelligence & International Security, sub specialising in Financial Intelligence & Propaganda (Graduation January 2017): King’s College London.
Diploma International Trust Management, Society of Trust Estate Practitioners.
Papers consisting of: Foundation Paper in International Trust Management.
Trust Administration and Accounts  Trustee Investment and Financial Appraisal.
Diploma International Governance, Risk & Compliance, International Compliance Association () June 2015 - March 2016 (anticipated completion date).
Master of Business and Technology (MBT): University of New South Wales.
Fundamentals of Corporate Finance Information Technology for Managers.
Barclays Wealth Trustees (Singapore) Limited / Zedra Trust Company (Singapore) Limited.
Managing Director, Resident Manger and Executive Director, November 2015 - Present.
Responsible for the management and development of the Singapore Trust Platform whilst contributing to the broader Wealth Advisory business across Asia, including Hong Kong.
Direct managerial responsibility for the trust team, ensuring that a first class service is provided to clients.
Responsibility for ensuring key regulatory and reporting requirements are met on an ongoing basis to ensure compliance with local regulations.
Ensuring that all departmental and regulatory procedures are up to date, appropriate and adhered to at all times. Identifying risk areas and ensure adherence to fiduciary, regulatory, client acceptance and annual review procedures and discuss any related issues with clients and colleagues.
Client Focus: Promote and continually support customer service excellence demonstrating a commitment to continual improvement and minimising client attrition.  Pro-actively promote quality initiatives and continually look to identify new business opportunities within existing and growing client base.
Corporate Intelligence, Compliance & Governance Consultants Limited.
Senior Consultant (Fiduciary Analysis and Risk, FATCA Advisory), February 2015 – October 2015).
Investigation, analysis and ultimate Reporting to the Board of International Trust Company on fiduciary and corporate administrative functions and product, investment structuring, investment performance and trustee/settlor/co-trustee duties/obligations risk matters.
Forensic examination, tagging and interpretation of minutes, resolutions and supporting administrate paperwork of multi-jurisdictional trust and corporate structures.
Examination and mapping of files/date for litigious investigation and proof of evidence relating to advisor and beneficiary behaviour, actions and intentions from 10 years of correspondence.
Reorganisation and analysis of online database and electronic document repository of 160,000+ items for improved extraction, tagging and presentation of data.
Reorganisation and analysis of 100,000+ paper and file based documents repository for improved digital extraction, physical tagging and ultimate presentation of data.
Consultation with lawyers, accountants, other professional advisors and connected third parties on these matters.
Report preparation and presentations to the board of trustees, insurers and lawyers.
Advisory services for FATCA, specifically for the roll out of internal cost and resource effective FATCA compliance programmes for independent fiduciaries, corporate service providers, family offices and IAM's.
Managing Director, Head of Private Clients (North and South Asia) (December 2013 - Dec 2014).
Leading Amicorp’s engagement in Asia and Switzerland with intermediaries including private banks, asset managers, family offices, accounting and legal firms, and independent financial advisors.
Key account management, product, entity and services development and provision for intermediaries and their clients. Julius Baer (North & South Asia) and Switzerland.
Development of strategic partnerships and liaison with bank owned trust companies and other banks financial for the provision of white labelled/managed trust company/back office provision of fiduciary services: Bank of China International, HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Barclays, ICBC, Pictet, BOAML.
Marketing, Program Management and Development for Amicorp PCS, Trust Sales and Funds.
Line Management of PCS & Trust Sales staff in Asia, India, Middle East and.
Strategic Recruitment and Resourcing for PCS and Trust Sales Divisions in Asia and Europe.
Group and Division Reporting for sales and account revenues.
Building globalisation, scope, depth and sustainability of Amicorp offerings and full suite of services required by intermediaries, UHMW families and service providers.
Positioning and creation of Amicorp’s intermediary offerings in investment structuring, trade transactions, asset protection, tax planning, business and family succession, and estate planning.
Internal knowledge management, advisory services (specialist knowledge of jurisdictions and products relevant to Asia, LATAM & Europe) and dissemination of sector relevant information covering high net worth individuals, entrepreneurs, families, family offices, and other financial intermediaries to internal parties and Group offices.
Nerine Trust Company (Hong Kong) Limited (A.F. Private Limited/AFP Nerine Wealth Management Limited).
Strategy, organisation and direct marketing to prospective clients (personal and corporate) throughout all of Asia and Middle East (Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Thailand, India, Philippines, UAE).
Day to Day oversight of the provision of all current Group fiduciary services and products including, liaison with strategic partners and:.
Day to day management and administration of personal client portfolio, oversight of all management and administration teams– Trusts, Employee Benefit Trusts, Companies (LLC, IBC/BC2004 (2008), Protected Cell Companies/ICC's Limited Partnerships, Limited Liability Partnerships.
Marketing, Billing, Investment, Internal Financial Control, Group Financial Monthly.
Reporting to Board and Staff Appraisal, Product Development and Integration.
Consultation with 3rd parties on trust establishments issues, tax returns, distributions, legislation, domicile and residency issues, pension schemes, and offshore funds.
Correspondence and dealing with clients, their advisors and third parties.
Preparation and documentation relating to corporate, trust, fund and partnership agreements.
Seeking, review and commenting on tax and legal advice for clients.
Managing day to day client requirements – payments, purchases, distributions, loans.
Preparation and execution of supporting corporate and trust minutes and resolutions.
Formation of new trusts (Guernsey, Hong Kong New Zealand and BVI).
Company formation (Hong Kong, BVI, Guernsey, Singapore, Bahamas, New Zealand, Jersey, Panama).
Family office services – assisting with property purchases, personal and private investments.
Day to day management and administration of personal client portfolio – Trusts,.
Employee Benefit Trusts, Companies (LLC, IBC, Protected Cell Companies,.
Marketing, Billing, Investment Oversight, and Staff Appraisal.
Line Management, development and training of three members of staff.
Consultation with 3rd parties on tax returns, distributions, legislation.
Correspondence and dealing with clients, their advisors and third parties.
Preparation and documentation of corporate, trust and partnership agreements Managing day to day client requirements – payments, purchases, distributions, loans, seeking tax and legal advice.
Preparation and execution of supporting corporate and trust minutes and resolutions.
Company formation (BVI, Guernsey, Jersey, Isle of Man, New Zealand, Mauritian and Bahamas).
Family office services - property purchases, personal and private investments Asset purchases ranging from £ multi million property purchases (through dry trust structures), to the leasing and purchase of VVLC's & ULCC's (very large crude carrier and ultra large crude carrier).
Administration of property development companies in London (2 large apartment block developments and one social housing and hotel development).
Consultation with 3rd parties on tax returns, distributions, legislation • Case and Company research.
Rothschild Trust (Guernsey) Limited, (NM Rothschild’s Group): Trust Officer (June - September 2002, December 2003).
Consultation with 3rd parties on tax returns, distributions, legislation.
Correspondence and dealing with clients, their advisors and third parties.
Review of quarterly portfolio valuations and asset allocation.
H.M. Foreign and Commonwealth Office / H.M. Diplomatic Service:.
Personnel and Security Command, Commissions and Registry Officer. (August 1998 – December 1999).
Attaché (Diplomatic), Head of Settlement Section: British High Commission, Islamabad, Pakistan. (February - July 2000).
Attaché (Technical), Assistant Management Officer and Communications Officer: British Embassy, Zagreb, Croatia. (July - September 2000).
Nerine Trust Company (Asia) Limited – Guernsey Licenced Trust Company.
Secure Communications Officer and Cryptographic Custodian, H.M. Diplomatic.
Guernsey Finance 2008 Asia Delegate Member (Official Delegation to Chinese Government).
Human Resource Management: Equal Opportunities and Managing Inclusion.
Project Management (Level 2 Association for Project Management (APM)).
Various 'secure' FCO and DS operating systems and Databases.
Systems Architecture & Network Communications (TCP/IP, HTML, VoD, VoIP) Management Information Systems (MIS) and Decision Support Systems (DSS).
4Series - integrated accounting and client relational database.
Acumen, ACIS, Navision (Offshore Trust and Company Database and Accountancy Software).
Mine Awareness and Explosive Ordnance Course (Royal Engineers).
POC School of Maritime Operations (Royal Navy) Various First Aid Courses.
Location/Document/IT and Communications (Secure and Satellite) Overseas Security for the DS (Diplomatic Service) and OGD's/NGD’s. Library and Archive (Electronic)/Database Courses (FCO in-house).
Drafting Courses (Basic and Advanced) (FCO in-house 4 day courses) Excel/Access - FCO Basic and Advanced Levels - FCO in-house 3 day courses.
Motivation and Leadership - FCO in-house 4 day course (Plus lots of team and leadership exercises as a Royal Naval Reserve Officer.) Staff Appraisal (Overseas) - FCO in-house 5 day course.
Human Resource Management: Equal Opportunities and Managing Inclusion - FCO in-house 4 day courses.
Project Management (Level 2 Association for Project Management (APM)) (2 Academic Terms - Sept '02 - April '03).
Rugby, Sailing, Reading, Scuba Diving (PADI Rescue Diver Qualified), Travel and Food.2013  Bachelor in Business Administration, Geneva University, faculty of SES (Social and Economic.
Science), Switzerland –Thesis on the future of the Chinese currency. (Lapaire, LJ 2013, Renminbi dead--end? Bachelor thesis, Geneva University).
2012 -13  Two semesters scholarship at Yonsei University, Seoul, South Korea to finalize my bachelor in Business Administration (international exchange program).
2010  High school degree at Collège Calvin, Geneva, Switzerland (specialization in law and economics).
12/15 – present   Corporate Services Manager at Alpadis (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. In Singapore.
Monthly preparation of consolidated financial reports, budget, cost reports for product lines.
Provide recommendations to reduce costs and improve financial performance.
Ensure all financial practices are in line with al statutory legislation and regulations.
Confirm assets are being capitalized or expensed in accordance with the company accounting standard and policy.
11/13 to 11/15  Accountant at Swiss Fiduciary & Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. in Singapore.
Monthly bank reconciliations, GST return, preparation of Tax Return, XBRL - Preparation of the financial statements on a quarterly basis.
Introduced business process improvements that enhanced A/P functions, established common vendor   files, eliminated duplications.
Responsible for all company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities.
08/13 to 11/13  Project Manager at Intuuchina, Shanghai, China.
Responsible for cost estimates and planning for foreign companies relocating to China.
Responsible for ensuring best value is obtained from suppliers and balancing the use of internal and external resources.
06/13 to 08/13  Consulting Internship at Dongjin Consulting Co, Ltd, Shanghai, China.
Generating new business both in face to face meetings and over the phone.
Summer 2011  Private Banking Internship at SUNTRUST Investments SA, Geneva, Switzerland.
Preparing the daily morning news report and performing equity and bond analysis for the trading desk.
Processing/validating and reconciliation of client information (contracts, orders, account cash flows).
Skiing, Golfing, Gym, Managing an investment portfolio since 2011.Email: joyceleeyihui@gmail.com       Contact no: +65-96305071(mobile).
Preparing and reviewing of net asset values of the fund and preparing financial statements on a timely basis for clients and auditors.
To accurately calculate Net Asset Values (NAVs) and determining any fees involved.
Perform daily reconciliations of cash and assets by actively adhering to standard operating.
Prepare and review of corporate actions / distributions at the portfolio level.
Trust Associate (3 month contract)                                    October 2015- December 2015.
Responding to requests from Trust Officers, Team Leader for execution of transactions or provision of information and clarification.
Responding to requests from  accounting and control departments for information and clarification about accounts or related administrative issues.
Identifying and highlighting issues or problems that could pose a risk to the corporation of financial loss or damage to the corporation’s reputation.
Maintaining fiduciary documentary files according to guidelines and procedures so as to ensure that legal, fiduciary and record keeping responsibilities are performed.
To provide both individual and corporate clients with financial advisory services, risk and wealth management solutions.
Performing comprehensive financial analysis and making strategic recommendations.
Conducting product comparisons and streamlining key insights.
Managing the execution of day to day activities of client needs.
Supervised the day-to-day business operations of the company.
Responsible for accounts receivable and payables functions such as preparing and reviewing of invoices and bills for appropriate documentation.
Responsible for developing and establishing good customer relations.
Maintain coordination with third party events or marketing companies.
Played an active role in purchasing negotiations of  our products.
Extra Curricular Activities/ Community Involvement Activities:.
Monash University International Students Service; Member                        July 2011-Feb2012.
Took on the role of team leader and game master during the winter and summer orientation period.
Helped new students meet new people and familiarize themselves with university life.
Played for mixed netball Caulfield division 2 team in Monash Sport competitions.
Presented the School Colours Award for achieving excellence in Netball.
Represented school at various Inter-school competitions (i.e.: ‘B’ and ‘C’ divisions).
Rendered service in Flag day, Daffodil Day and in Bishan Home.
Presented the CCA Team Merit Award for achievement in Basketball.
Helped Mercy Relief in calling donations from the general public during the tsunami period.
Participated in World Vision’s Famine Camp and experienced the harsh living conditions of those in  third world countries.
Awarded the Scholarship Award by Shanghai International Studies University (SISU) during the 6 week Monash Chinese In-Country Program in Shanghai.
Awarded the Award by the Ministry of Education for being the top 5% of the cohort in Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Secondarsy School.
-Proficient in Microsoft Office Professional including  Word, PowerPoint and Excel(V- Look Up).__________________________________Professional Summary____________________________________.
Graduated with a business degree majoring in Accounting, Banking and Finance, equipped with two years working experience in audit engaging with numerous clients in multiple industries (i.e. Trading, services, investment, medical, school), with an ability to perform complex accounting reviews and evaluate accounting systems for efficiency.
___________________________________Working Experience_____________________________________.
Plan and perform statutory audit and special audit in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“SFRS”).
Experience working with numerous clients in multiple industries (i.e. Trading, services, investment, medical, school and etc.) and developed the ability to instinctively understand what the client’s business is all about.
Identify any issue in the business or unusual financial transactions and ascertain possible implications.
Perform analytical review of the financial statements to assess the audit risk.
Discuss and propose audit approaches and procedures with partner and manager.
Exercise judgment in determining which audit approaches and procedures are necessary for the circumstances to obtain a reasonable basis for the audit opinion.
Assess whether the client maintains sound accounting policies and internal controls that are consistent with the management’s assertions embodied in the financial statements.
Provide value-added services to the client by advising and providing feedback on accounting related matters (i.e. internal controls, accounting systems, general business issues).
Make suggestions on the form and content of the financial statements.
Preparation of audited / unaudited financial statements and consolidation report.
Assist in the training and coaching of junior staff and interns.
Assigned the leader role to lead a team to conduct field audit.
Involved in presentation and training for SFRS and Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSA”).
Perform statutory audit in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“SFRS”).
Perform analytical review of the financial statements to assess the audit risk.
Perform audit approaches and procedures to obtain a reasonable basis for the audit opinion.
Perform audit approaches and procedures to obtain a reasonable basis for the audit opinion.
________________________________________Education_________________________________________.
(3+0 in Collaboration with Victoria University, Australia).
Awarded Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Dr. Jeffrey Cheah Entrance Scholarship.
__________________________________________Skills___________________________________________.
Able to converse in English, Mandarin, Malay and Cantonese.
_______________________________________Achievement________________________________________.
Propose ideas for the company’s quarterly bonding activities and events.
Organize activities and events (i.e. SunLove Home visiting adults with disabilities to integrate into society, Company’s Anniversary Celebration, Dragon boat, Marathon and etc.) that help to foster positive relationships among the employees as well as with surrounding communities and improve the company’s public image.
Assist in implementation of company’s initiatives (i.e. implemented donation programme called “Share-as-One” to help the beneficiaries such as the adults with disabilities, children with special needs).
Student Exchange Programme – Hansung International Summer School (South Korea).
Student ambassador representing Malaysia to experience South Korea’s culture, history and lifestyle.
Change in attitude towards adopting different cultures and developed adaptability and flexibility in taking on new challenges and keeping an open mind.
Expand social network and developed communication skills.
Oversee and manage monthly account and capable of handling figures and cash.University of London     2011 – 2013 Singapore Institute of Management.
- Specialized in Personal website developing projects for school.
- Designed webpage using SharePoint, Adobe Flash and Photoshop.
Accounting, reporting and monitoring of investment funds, in accordance to accounting and reporting standards.
Daily and monthly valuation variance price for funds in accordance to valuation hierarchy, provides clear and accurate pricing information to support decision making.
Perform analysis on balance sheet and P&L balances movement.
Calculates management expenses and fees, process payments timely and accurately.
Prepares statutory financial statements and risk-based asset report.
Provides support and coordination of internal and external audit review.
Liaise with stakeholders and deals with associated queries.
Provided reports and proactive support to business partners.
Liquidity management, follow-up with relevant parties on resolution.
Prepared SWIFT messages regarding correspondences with counterparties.
Daily Aging breaks reporting to Investment Manager; oversee breaks resolution process of functional teams.
Prepared Ad-hoc FXs to fund for the accounts relating to Corporate Action Events.
Data entry to accounting software- daily Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable.
Prepared invoices and assisted in vendor payments, debit and credit notes.
Assisted in the preparation of other ad-hoc assignments as assigned by management.
Performed basic Accounting Reconciliation, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable using software - QuickBook.
Follow-up outstanding payments and prepared reports as required.
Liaised with caterers for meals to trainees in training centre.
Performed Ad-hoc duties assigned and administrative support to department.Language Proficiency English & Mandarin (Simplify & Traditional Chinese) (Spoken & Written).
2010 Certificate in Fund Administration Nanyang Polytechnic – School.
Handling settlement of traded Securities, such as Eurobonds,.
Being the pioneer team to assist in setting up the middle office function,  the day to day procedural process, filing system and.
Coordinating trades executed by Singapore Fund Manager with.
Assisting the Deputy General Manager in the area of Control and Compliance related to middle office.
Securities settlement such as Eurobonds, US Treasury Notes.
and bills, Floating Rate Notes, Indonesia Government Bonds.
functions, like daily trade record keeping for subscription and.
redemption as well as transfer.  And application of fund from.
Assisting the Department Head in re-structuring of department.
to meet rising demand from the fund houses, distributors and.
Later on, I was put to assist analysis of daily operational risk.
As client’s contact point, trouble shooting of daily operations,.
Responsible to fine tune and improve the existing procedures for both the Singapore Authorised and Recognised Scheme funds.
To assist in looking into the operational risk & control, and.
At the same time works with the compliance manager to refine the existing BCP.  Plans and develop a new BCP plan for the local operations.
Kong office’s operations matter & problems.  Assisting them.
SFC / MAS visit to Hong Kong & Singapore office on operational related matter.
Master Agent, sub-transfer agent in  and    for new client take-on, negotiating and review of sale.
Assist the Sales Channel team in new client take-on in Asia Pacific such as Malaysia, Korea, Thailand and China, in new.
account opening with fund administrator in Luxembourg, or sub-transfer agent in Singapore, Hong Kong or Taiwan.  Dealing with AML/KYC issue, and being liaison between the client, the service provider as well as internal money laundry officer (MLOF).
Assist in service provider selection process such as Taiwan Master Agent, Transfer agent for Taiwan business.  And solely in charge of asset transfer from old to new master agent in  in 2011.  As well as, selecting of QFII China local sub-custodian.
Involved in QFII project, Global Transfer Agent selection with our  office.  Working closely with our global FATCA team from  perspective.  Exploring business opportunity with Head of Wholesales in RQFII as well as Asian Passport._______________________________________________________________________________________________.
Manages full set of accounts of trusts and companies under management. This includes reviewing statements of accounts and preparation of financial statements. Ensures that any audit, tax and regulatory deadlines are adhered to and facilitates the smooth flow of information both internally and externally.
Accurately, reliably and independently maintain full sets of accounts and all closing activities such as Balance Sheet and P&L.
Maintains high level of accuracy in reviewing statements and booking transactions.
Responsible for the reconciliation of accounts to validate current ledger balances for financial reporting purposes.
Investigate variances detected and recommends adjusting entries and actions to close.
Work on ad-hoc projects as instructed by the Financial Controller / Centre Head.
In-charge of processing various Investments under trust in a timely manner and ensures that operational losses and client complaints are minimized. Products include Local Mutual Funds (LMF), Special Deposit Accounts (SDA), Corporate Bonds, Certificated Notes, Escrow, Registry, Agency and other corporate trust accounts.
Trades relating to securities are settled on time with the Global Markets team.
Process subscription and redemption of LMF before cut-off time.
Corporate actions such as dividends, maturities of bonds, repricing, interest payments and other events are processed on time.
Acts in accordance to what is stipulated in the contracts/agreements for corporate trust accounts.
Reports needed by stakeholders relating to various investments and client queries are responded timely to minimize complaints.
Maintains healthy relationship with RMs (Relationship Managers), marketing officers, and other people in the front office to ensure the smooth processing of transactions.
Participates, contributes and assists in identifying existing procedures for enhancement without compromising risk and policies implemented by the group.
Summarize important details and events stated in the contracts for Corporate Trust, Agency and Escrow.
Update of Departmental Operating Instructions of the unit to align with the current processes and new policies that was implemented.
Serves as an independent person to ensure that controls are adhered to by different teams and practices within the unit comply with risk and compliance procedures, local statutes and regulatory requirements as indicated in the Group’s Policies and Procedures. Ensures that risks and operational losses are mitigated by timely reporting and escalation of breaks identified to stakeholders.
Review daily reconciliation of securities held in Custody versus those with depositories and other external parties.
Review reconciliation of outstanding shares / face value of LMF (Local Mutual Fund), SDAs (Special Deposit Accounts), and other investments under Trust and Local Custody such as but not limited to Investment in Bonds, Preferred Shares, Certificated Notes and other Government Securities.
Review daily reconciliation of NOSTRO, Sundry and Suspense (Balance Sheet accounts) and Other Cash Accounts.
Review reconciliation of BSRD within the agreed TAT and timely escalation of unregistered Trades and Corporate Action related transactions.
Regular vault count of physical securities to validate existence in vault.
Billings variance analysis and identify reasons for any increase or decrease exceeding the allowable threshold.
Monthly declaration of Sundry and Suspense in accordance with the bank’s Financial Control Policy.
Monthly GRAFS report (MIS) for submission to GRH (Global Reconciliation Hub).
Monthly reconciliation of Trail Commission fees from Fund Houses.
Reports exceptions as a result of regular reconciliations for disposition and immediate resolution.
Closely work with Financial Control (Country Finance) team to establish ownership of accounts and its purpose of creation and ensuring that only valid transactions are recorded.
Manages, motivates and trains subordinates to ensure performance is optimized and best practice is shared with colleagues at work.
Conducts walkthrough for different audit groups such as Group Internal Audit, regulatory audit by the Central Bank, ISAE audit by Ernst & Young and Key Control Risk audit conducted by the Legal and Compliance team.
Migration of the reconciliation of Sundry and Suspense accounts to our hub in Chennai, India.
Establish life span of Sundry and Suspense accounts and strengthen the escalation matrix.
Author of the Departmental Operating Instruction for reconciliation which is aligned with the bank’s policies and requirements by regulators.
Clean-up of long outstanding balance sheet accounts that has been outstanding for more than a year and which has already been escalated to the Region.
Involve in the UAT while on process of system migration and resolves breaks identified during the system implementation stage.
Involve in the implementation of using the Financial Control System to automate the process on substantiating Sundry and Suspense accounts as initiated by Finance.
The role focuses on the Accounting and Reports function of the department.
Compliance to internal, external & regulatory requirements as regard to the submission of mandatory reportorial requirements; such as but not limited to consolidated trial balance, income statement, revaluation of account for LMF, schedule of earning assets, investment activity report and contingent report or as indicated in the unit's Critical Task Checklist.
Fee collection, processing of IPS (Invoice Processing Sheet) for expenses incurred and ensures that accounting entries including but not limited to trails, trust fees, other adjustments and fees relating to Custody both local and global accounts are posted correctly in proper segments and cost centres.
Coordinates and monitors timely processing of IPS by Country Finance (Accounts Payable Unit) and performs follow up when necessary.
Accrual entries related to income and expenses are submitted to finance on time.
Monthly reporting of schedule of expanded withholding taxes, schedule of investments, schedule of fees and charges and asset under management to finance.
Reconciliation of cash account balances from EBBS versus Multifonds records.
Accounting and simulation of funds and sending of calculated NAV to client before cut-off time.
Successful on-boarding and alignment of processes pertaining to the team and other functions in conflict with the operations team during the integration/merger of the Trust and Local Custody Department and Securities Services Department.
Conducts audit, and performs accounting and taxation services for the following industries: real estate, condominiums and restaurants.
Conducts fieldwork for both internal and external audit clients.
Plan, identify and perform substantive testing and test of controls and procedures and present findings and recommended actions to management.
Performs bookkeeping activities and managed several client accounts independently.
Prepares monthly financial statements and reports to clients and interpret reasons for any significant increases or decreases on balance sheet and income statement accounts.
Prepares government reportorial requirements submitted to BIR (Bureau of Internal Revenue) such as quarterly and annual Income Tax Return, Value Added Tax Returns, Withholding Taxes & other BIR returns.
Detailed analysis on variations of tax payments and interpret results to clients.
Prepares letter for answering queries and assisted in handling tax investigation cases conducted by BIR on outsourced clients.
One-Year Course on Trust Operations and Investment Management.
Trust Institute Foundation of the Philippines - 2011 to 2012.Trust Administration – responsible for general trust administration functions for private trusts, directly deal with clients.
Corporate Administration - handling full spectrum of company secretarial duties, includes liaise with clients, coordinate with professional parties to manage the execution of documents, maintain proper records.
Assistant Manager, HSBC Private Bank, Private Wealth Solutions     AUG 2014 – APR 2016.
Trust Administration – responsible for general trust administration functions for private trusts, probate cases and philanthropy, perform periodic review to trust structure.
Corporate Administration - facilitating company secretarial duties for private companies, include but not limited to prepare board resolutions, bank account opening.
Trust Restructuring – preparing trust restructuring step plans and documents, proposing options on restructuring.
Senior Corporate Services Officer, WHA Services Limited       APR 2013 - JUL 2014  Corporate Services Officer, A.F. Private Limited        DEC 2011 - APR 2013 Corporate Services Assistant, T.N. Lui & Co.        JUL 2011 - DEC 2011.
Handling full spectrum of company secretarial duties, includes liaise with clients, coordinate with professional parties to manage the execution of documents, maintain proper records.
Project Secretary, Wu’s Heating and Air Conditioning Engineering Co. Ltd.  SEP 2006 - SEP 2008.
Coordinating internal and external meetings, compose letters, email correspondences and incoming emails screening, preparing monthly reports and book keeping.
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Human Resource Management        2010 - 2011.
(Offered by School of Professional Education and Executive Development [SPEED] of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University [PolyU] in collaboration with Northumbria University [UNN] of United Kingdom.).
Qualification: STEP Certificate in International Trust Management (processing diploma level).
Computer Skills: NAV, CSA, MS Outlook, MS Word, MS Excel and MS Powerpoint Languages: English, Cantonese and Mandarin.
Expected Salary: Negotiable (Current Salary: HKD40,000.00) Availability: 2-month notice.
Phone: (852) 9201 3887     E-Mail:  su_susanchan@hotmail.com.